How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!👦
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
“: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis”
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.♥ :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
got a good one?
love chris brown
Wit them sexy ass lips
its sounds good
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
I'm taking Adam! :-)
lets do this
Not much, Ben - how's you?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
Time for lunch!
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
at six flags.
Thanks Tom.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
« im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.» THIS!.
I'm at little league majors try outs in
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
this conference is rockin'
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
#GET BETTER
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Why you actin like that towards me now
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
experience of a life time!
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
me too
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
out of twitter jail i see.
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
you're welcome(:
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
So what do you do in OKC?
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Scroll over video screen to access full screen
Lost's final season begins tonight. I am SO excited!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my bed 
please don't :(
If stress burned calories, I'd be a supermodel
I forgot you were my hero James Brown. Can you forgive me?
Don't talk my tweets wrong, its only comedy!! Dumbie!! hahaha
What even is a dickhead?
I agree that answering every question with "great question!" is ineffective. It's annoying too. Save for truly great questions.
Scary!!! How about telling us what part of Speedway.
Happy Leap Day! Enjoy!
From my Twitter poll it looks like the worst film ever to win a Best Picture #Oscar is "Every Film That Ever Won a Best Picture Oscar."
anytime lady :-)
The Skylight Music Theatre presents Thursday in the Ward with Wine. Eat local artisan cheeses, sip wines, & enjoy a show!...
Thank you, Stephanie... very much! We're still OK, 20 miles away yet, just a bit smokey. Looks to be a long season!
Death: Take my hand.. Person: No! I know that if I touch you I'll die! Death: OMG you're so smart! High Five! *Person High-Fives*
I agree! Mary's dresses are the best. I also want Matthew and Mary to get together already. Also Bates & Anna.
To put it simply: heck yes. RT : Is it safe to say you're loving it?
you guys don't even follow your favorite driver?!
Less bummed about missing out on Warped this year being that is playing in Toledo on 9/16 :)
how are u
oh good, I can finally sleep well at night, knowing that you're protecting me.
i miss !
Poor Rory. Epic meltdown.
Fresh out the shower !
haha. He's worse than me :) and maybe part of the reason for my obsession!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Rain this week-end......it doesnt rain in L.A.
or he...maybe xD
my pleasure! thanks for coming!
i need to go to a believe concert. now.
Mary will be dropping in today to inspect your room. April Fools! Fab Show! Saw it 3 times!!
also i'm packing, so i'm terribly cranky anyway.
I need to buy a Galaxy S2 for da low... Wassup?
Cloud Hosting Can Be Good For Both Small Along With Huge ...
I saw the movie Dysfunctional Friends. I though you did a wonderful job. I love that type of role on you. Great job.
Being sick totally sucks. =(
As the adventures of Robert Downey Stark frequently teach us, it's not work if you do what you love.
No old lady just cause YOU told your granddaughter it's ok to pet my dog doesn't mean it did!!
Morn. 1st class down.
Oh Hells Yes!
At best, he'll have some paternalistic, scolding message to the Black community. At worst, he'll "Willie Horton" us like Bush
Karon Butler look like he model Bluetooth headsets in his spare time.
Welcome, Publisher.
TURN HATE INTO MOTIVATION FOR SUCCESS AND LIFE IS GOOD
Uhh. I must not be dorking enough? "New NO in Jedi?" No comprende :(
Bringin' the PBR skateboard tonight! Come out to #tnnpbrtuesday to win!
i just realized i never actually said happy birthday to u yesterday,so happy birthday i wuv you and i get to see u tomorow!
For some reason they ate less when they hated blacks and had more access to plaid.
In other news, about 5 Cobb Police cars hittin' up the neighbor's house right now.
I disagree, but that's cool. I'm not going to tell you that you're wrong for liking it. I like that you like it.
Waiting for new season of ABDC!!
Make someone smile today:)
also, remind me to tell you the awesome thing I want to tell you tomorrow.
And don't get me started on the kerning! ; )
it was 2 am lol its early but i had places to be in the morning
did you not need to upload your poster on Monday?
The hashtag for those who couldn't attend #ala11 is
i have that one tapped to my computer
Well that was quite enjoyable... the dash of sexiness (aka ) didn't hurt. I'm hooked.
This child is a survivor!
darn that wouldve been fun. We had Football practice till 6:30 tho
Smoking weed under star projectors
#fashionadviceneeded Cell phone in pocket or belt holster?
in addition to Favorite there should be a "I also find this frustrating" button.
hockey is this sport where they have this little white ball, 3 bases, one home....oh wait
MT : A3: Driving conversions is key for us. Conversion usually means diff things to diff brands.
of what?
i went out of the house and saw a black car i blinked and it was gone
Purging. "Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful." William Morris.
Losing my mind
What I would most enjoy in imaginary Shazam-type apps though would be an "Identify the regional accent" one.
The fog was really cool in my neighborhood this morning ... appeared to be stuck in one person's backyard
sorry I am so "e" dumb, i am seeing your work on the site
Is this the same req over and over or are these multiple spots?
Go Team Holly!(:
Were the ladies at
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Figueroa Philly Cheese Steak has the best fans ever!
yeah and it's all coming true.
Congrats on Trooper! What age kids will MS have?
When somebody tells you nothing is impossible, ask him to dribble a football. ~Author Unknown
the kills were all exact. Her first direct kill was the raid at the Cornucopia, tho -- fighting for the backpack/meds. 2nd was mercy
Uh-huh...sure!! "For kids" Hey, I'll always be a kid, will get it on next grocery excursion.
I'm sorry I had to be the one to tell you. :(
I can't wait to see what you do. I loved the photos of her nursery!
If only you saw what I can see; you'd understand why I want you so desperately... <3
About to get silly in the name of cancer research!
Art show tonight at Bedouin Vintage Collective. Art from Dion Terry, Jason Feather & Michael Amorillo. 2621 El Cajon Blvd. Starts at 6pm.
it's not bob marleys birthday
my mind is being blown so far!
Send the unfinished package to me..Love M&M's
they some lil dumb hoes!! RT: These young bitches got no sense"
Hm, wondering how #NFL selected Payton as the scapegoat for something that was probably widely practiced?
Finally updated to OS X Lion. Trying out this new Twitter app from the app store. What?
AWESOME BECAUSE LOUD BURNHAM MUSIC ROCKS!
There should be. I think toes spend a lot of time being traumatized.
Wise actions are stronger than wise words
you… wat. I can't count the ways carmageddon has amused me & brightened up my day as an angsty teenager. <3
RT in the building!!!
how many tickets could I steal from you for tomorrow's Nuts game?
Why the hate for riley cooper . You can all shut your faces.
Might get in trouble at work for this dress I'm wearing... We shall see.
Home-made chana masala, a tripel, and some grainy bread. Ready for the rest of the day.
Time to eat i was STARVING
thanks for your support, see you this afternoon
alright =) your a great singer.
We are so excited to share more music with you all. When our Facebook gets 500 likes, we'll post more music! Tell your friends! :D -Jenny
you know you're from Madison when you read #badgirlsclub as
I know! Isn't it? Glad you're liking it!
oh hi
Bryce Harper just flat out hustles 100% all the time.
Everyone has a fair chance to be as great as he or she wishes to be
OMG STOP IM FREAKING OUT ARE YOU SERIOUS OMFG I NEED THE FLIGHT INFO OMFG IM DYING
Stop in today for our Sunday Brunch Buffet until 2:30! Prime rib! Eggs Benedict! Biscuits & gravy and much more!
when's the next time he is playing live?
Thank you! How did it go?
Not really a big Don't Knotts fan.
leave me alone nigga
Bitch you get no love(:
Of course - we adore it!
I guess? By Stephens Coll and Lee Elem on the southeast corner of downtown?
I need to get my tweet game up. I'm still in the 100s lol
#PeopleNeedToStop remaking oldies but goodies and start making original material.
So much for squealing over politicizing things like this. 224185-obama-campaign-suggests-romney-would-not-have-launched-bin-laden-raid
Congrats boosie. God works wonders. Your music is still terrible tho
It has to be! RT : I actually feel bad for Kerry Wood right now. I'm sure this is miserable for him.
I want to know why there's no Marshmallow setting on this microwave.
ur siblings set of an alarm lol
PAGAN! (not to be confused with the religion)
I hate rainy days...I just wanna stay tucked under the covers
You would be amazed at what anti-virus software can't kill. I have up to date protection, but these new viruses....
Good actors can sort of see into people and immediately you have a chemistry with them or not. It's like an affair with no mess. John Cusack
Remind your friends and family to go vote Jackie Walorski for Congress this Tuesday!
the more the better! lets all line up!!!
Last day to Out Write Janet - send your word counts in to Joy tomorrow!
Glad you like the concept! Have you been to any of the places on the list?
: In Camden, NJ 5% of patients account for 60% of costs. Is this typical? Hauntingly, we don't know.
you know you want to see a bunch of wussy folk rockers try to play Call Me Lightning.
My peppermint piccolos are off key.
Great job today!! Good seeing you! See you Thursday morning!
Manzano Mile!!! April 2nd. Kids can run the Future Milers race for free, get a tech tee, and meet Leo Manzana. Register at manzanomile.com
Can't wait to see what's in season this year on the beach farm
“: What you give is what you get. My daddy said that and I'll never forget. –Tiana (Princess and the Frog)”
- Thanks for the update, fellas, and for all the work you do.
we couldn't agree more!! Or a nice Garnacha and some Coffee Toffee, or a nice unoaked Chardonnay and some milk chocolate!
I haven't played spades since Harriet Tubman was in 3rd grade
Lmao, yes that place
Inst-archive?! RT : We've found the future of journalism: newspapers coming out on Instagram
Let's go OKC!
that amazing writing moment in Lost? What season? I'm getting close and I dont wanna miss it! :)
no countertops to make anything on
Sure! Thanks.
What is your favorite song from the 90's?
Life's too short to be stressed! Whether you visit us for some pampering or just spend time meditating, make sure you get some you-time.
I miss you!!!
FYI: Now 8 of the 15 seats are spoken for at the Sat. April 7 #NOLAEats dinner at Borgne. RSVP required, no-shows will be given wedgies.
#ThingsMyMotherSays (or used to) my momma used to say "yum-o" like Rachel ray did whenever she tasted something she liked.
Awesome Mention, Thank U! #FF Love
Eli just said, "Momma, I've been playing this guitar for 40 years." He is so silly, he must think he's an old man!
RT : Superberry and Clear Mind kombucha by Brew Dr. are on tap in the juice bar.
follow back? :D
Go on a trip with the wife and don't bring a tux!
�The common reputation of Twitter is that it�s frivolous, which isn�t the case
Won't be product of my environment give me some time my environment will be product of me
So excited to pick Robbie up from the airport today! I see Mime and Dance being integrated into the next week ;)
Thanks for the RTs.
Now blasting music
Quinn the Eskimo.......again
No Adele, but there *may* be singing involved. Details in development.
That would be epic
Thanks for the RT!!! Honoring my nephew on my journey!!!
I have more tweets than followers. Does that make me a loser?
Good morning! It's. Friday!
Cooper dealership in Ann Arbor to be acquired by Columbus, Ohio, dealer - Detroit Free Press
Watching go from their old cottage to a brand new studio. Kind of inspiring, very cool. Been watching since TechTV.
no but i'm definitely flipping between TBN and
Omg I want Starbucks
So give us some legislation to consider. Now there are 2 options: HR 1254 or synth marijuana next to candy bars & bubble gum
I think it's a great time to book one of the DJ's
why Erica face look like a big toe though?
Pacers closing out
I hate saying goodbye to my best friend and not knowing when I'm going to see her again :(
#gettoknowyourfollowers week can you tell us more about your gallery?
are you planning musical gifts for christmas? we can help if we know early.
Hey I wish I could meet you. And this is crazy. But follow me maybe? Sincerely,
sounds like you are stuck in 1996
Hahaha! Thankfully my taste in music isn't THAT bad!
2-WAY SMS can drive engagement/behavior change. Txt QUIT to 47848 to see how helps reach teens to
not true...but look like him tho
Love love love love love. That is all.
Lots of artificial legs walking round Seattle-2 in 10 mins. High %age vets?
Vacation means not having to be dressed at 10:30AM. I need more of this vacation thing.
Did you make it to #SloPigMKE last night?
Boredom is very dangerous!
Hello new mercies
I need to invest in a nice leather portfolio. Yikes, next paycheck?
my buddy got a big mouth she wasent suppose to say that lol im abaut to dm u
text me a picture of the bin
No more Nene and Melo getting coach's fired (or resigned) It's like Christmas!!!
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
WILD WEDNESDAYS at BROADWAY BAR !!! IT GET GOOD, COME SEE FOR YOURSELF !!!
I told you some would be sitting on their anti-Mormon bag of slings and arrows until Romney secures the nomination. Here it comes. Problems!
Can't stop listening to especially the song Can't Wait
If your shirt covers up more of your thighs than your pants do, A) there's a problem and B) you're a hoe.
"we gon' get the FBI up in here to shut this place down!!!" haha
Who's quote is that?
what happened to it?
Hey now all we need is a 'beer planet' with a pizza moon orbiting it and I'm set!
Our meal at on Mon night was delicious. Prosciutto wrapped figs--wow. Thanks and
Just checked it out. Love it! But don't think there is a way to use it for Pages. : /
You want the truth? You're a short, fat, ugly ho.
#AGirlDeserves someone to love n so does a guy
Don't worry. #Eagles got this. This a 4 quarter game. Oh, wait.....
#ff The hottest new artist
Ah but my girls tho haha killin ...Ah ...Champions?
i love my CPD 150 class. we have so much fun in there. :)
hello Alex (:
Hope you get that job!! I'd hire you to do it if I could!
Wear new clothes. And get a... No, hang on... You should have gotten a haircut yesterday.
Not getting power from your pressure washer? Clean the tips. What a difference it makes.
well thank you :) and of course I will <3
I dunno but I want to go there, light a candle or something.
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake just struck Virginia. Felt it here in Washington DC.
Mike miller looking like billy hoyle. Lol.
I used to always wish my name was Haley. I'm being a hater. Bad girl! :P haha
you really aren't sold on the iPad yet? What about the Fire? I love both of mine. LOL! Have a great weekend my BFF
aw girl I am absolutely loving it here thanks! I will visit as soon as I get the chance I promise!!!! <3
just follow
text me cuh
Hi, Wednesday? Please be nice to me.
I'm still in shock.
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
going to HEB to buy cantaloupes
they got a police escort. Should be there now
Very different perspectives between #Obama and
For sure. Gale has been on my list for a long time.But the source DB may be the trouble today (EBSCO) or the SFX knowledgbase.
Cosign!! Take the verbal beating like a man! It's a sign of disrespect when u don't give the winner props.
LOVEE Hollywood Dream :) awesome job.
Time is priceless, so don't waste it.
Def a bit more sacred. DEF RT : Marriage is as Sacred as a Record deal contract ...
#Mavs have survive 3rd to have a chance to steal one
Today's featured man candy: If he was a candy bar he would be a Mr. Goodbar, if you know what I mean.
Working on Nike commercial all night long. Hope I can stay awake
spencerkanemusic is my screen name. u on SKYPE now?
y he wanna a brother so bad he 2 talkin bout n damn brother
literally so fucking exhausted
Big cheers as the black team's Smith & Justice are introduced
Jeeze Penny is such a major bitch!
I'm craving fried tofu in brown sauce, egg drop soup, and veggie spring rolls. Agh, sounds so good right now.
don't you listen to WWL? C'mon girl.!
Tha people yew love tha most can play two sides ov tha fence too...
Wolf: "Why would your wife make the best first lady?" Newt: "Which one?"
the Spur of the game lastnight.. I told you I follow you on twitter..Haha
it's sponsored by #meetup at #meetup. is going to present too. should be fun. let me know if u have q's
I'll be there Fri and Sat all day if you can make it back by
That's really sad
aren't you adorable standing up for a homophobic flopper. full credit for beating us for the first time in five years.
Florida is awesome
Tune in to at 2:30pm! Dr Heather will be discussing Keratin Enhance and Collagen Enhance with
Watching the Blues Bros. Eating Home Run Inn pizza. Now all I need is a green river soda
More library tours... the Reference desk can help you find any References that you need!
Today's Black movie of the day is "Red Tails!" Yes I already saw it but this time I'm going with my youth group at church.
I could listen to Mike Tyson talk all week
someone from Henrietta was number 5 in the draft I heard.
Rolling a blunt wish I had someone to smoke it with..
The cove is my New favorite place to eat NOW.
Broke my silence, but I still supported the cause.
Look at my wall. My status updates show there, but not on the public wall. Strange?
Shut the hell up! Your not a no body fool! Your beautiful, smart, sexy, and if you don't know you've been bless, Dam you!
hi thanks for the message. I have messaged u on fb. Let me know when is good time to talk. Thanks for reaching out :)
That's that Sarah palin....
please tell me your kidding...
Go Milwaukee Brewers!!!
Wanting to see #BreakingDawn again :/
only temporarily! just here on an extended holiday! good to be back though :) miss this part of the world <3
uh oh what's that mean?
wait what? haha
I do recognize the other two lines, but I don't know the next lines.
Nice Psalm 1 reminder there harry :)
Next time, add some cool indie artists and crafters to the brew for #clustertruck .
Screw you Daniel Bryan
Back to #twoadays, gotta get this booty firm for #summer,
hate #blackouts :/
MJS: "Barrett has said that WI under Walker lost more jobs in 2011 than any other state in the nation." Wrong. Your paper/BLS have.
good bas zaha2 kteeeer and i am listening to hurricane u?
lol; those people are better than me; cause I'll be damned if I try that total darkness stuff
nutella is god!
thanks I'll be ok. The walk home may have been more scary
People at school can't stop talking. To other people they say we're all a "big family", my class. lol no. you wish we were family.
Baby boy and I headed to Richtown for Graduation. So proud of her!
I feel like if this protesting continues people are gonna end up rioting and then I won't be able to go downtown anytime soon -.-
First day home from Utah, and instead of working, I have been loving reading the Alt recaps from folks!
Last point…when all else fails, keep track on the calories
I don't know whats happening, Creatively Im feeling the doors open again,
FUCK NOW WE HAVE TO GO TO THE GUM
Just got a text from my sister. She is waterskiing in S. Illinois. May 6.
Haha that's funny, I can see those old people watching
RT Visitor Comment of the Day (so far): "Please tell Mr. Nelson I like his museum very much." (Abby, age 7).
LookinG For ThiS
Here when ya need me for perm IT talent! :)
Its hot as hell.
Damn. How about "Very bad, very scary, very terrible things happen. And then they happen again. And again." :D
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? (:
Philly is in Pennsylvania, Ozzfest is in Camden New Jersey.
clearly no, it's not.
The man who says his wife can't take a joke, forgets that she took him. ~ Oscar Wilde
Can U wake up with jet-lag if you dreamed in the wrong direction? Sure feels like it.
Omg stop following me.
That garners RESPEK. Way. I stack paper and I ball outrageous, too. RT Ain't no way you listen to Young Jeezy!
That angry energy is good! They can channel it back towards getting involved in their community, being a voice for change
Back in my old jeans... tight, but buttoned! Now what to do about the muffin-top?!... :-)
Lmao he is crazy lol ": My dad: Zyrece what would you do if I came to yo school with some skinny Jeans on? Me: o_0 hide Smh this m
"Fine then. I'll just eat Chinese food every night." - whiny dude on the phone w/his lady, trying to get her to come over.
Can't believe I've been for a year already! I feel blessed to have this opportunity and continue to love what I do.
Fun watching Mavs at hotel bar. Think we picked up a few fans even with loss
I've been asked to do a last minute library tour/scavenger hunt for 10-13 year olds on Saturday. This should be hilarious for all involved.
aw thankyou!!! It's perfect!! :) <3
Reputation for tastin, I'm killing them hoes, like Jason.
Yup - is washing his hair in the sink post bird shit attack.
When I see stupid people on Twitter acting like Obama legalized gay marriage I want to yell at them, but then I remember that they're too
content marketing is where you create media so you can be your own advertiser.
A kind of cross between Julia Roberts and Jack Nicholson. ~ Jeremy Novick about Lolita Davidovich
If I don't get to see her tomorrow I know I'll live my whole life with regret.
Alright, thanks !
The film is almost entirely finished it's rough cut - then moving towards a fine cut asap!
post a link to it
no way #Ravens trade up for Hightower, too many needs to trade away draft picks this year...they pick at 29 or trade out.
It's now sunday which means one thing..... TONIGHT!! so just to warn you all, i will be V E R Y excited. yayayay!
why did espn hold the syracuse sex tape for eight yrs. They persecuted paterno and are giving the same answers he gave.
I apologize for being out of twitter for a while. Let me know what's going on and I'll retweet anything you tweet me!
Lol I fail with guys
Modernistorical Cuisine? meets A molecular take on vintage recipes.
For some reason the holidays increase my rate of falling asleep in public.
Dude hostel is some HOSTILE shit.
Want a iphone but Im waiting for iphone 5 :(
Eeep... tonight is gonna be awesome..
I know :( Jake visits him 2 times a year so hopefully there will be one soon!
It's so weird/cool to scroll through Instagram and see people screen shot apps you design the UI for.
I second this notion. “: Amazing set last night at ”
you're my love and my best friend
goooodmorning :) how'd you wake up on this beautiful morning?
h-town is back!
Break a leg cast of "Hiding From Adults"!! We know you'll kill it at
The 7-ounce Genesee JR bottles we experimented with back in the day were great, but they left us craving something. Like 5 more ounces.
40" auto-platen die cutter has to be sold by June 2. Current offer $40,000. Buy-It-Now price of $65,000! 888-BRAUSSE. Call for Info.
Okay, good to know it's not a totally wacky question. I'm with you re: college.
put her n e where..... She'll be the baddest in the room
Yes he did...and his best dances are still to come!
Jerry Coleman~ Billy Almon has all of his inlaw and outlaws here this afternoon.
Those were the days.. Smh Lol “: #MyFirstYeatAtFAMU used to help me clean my room lol 😁”
Love is lifting the restraining order.
good morning! Someone tweeted about smiling at whomever you pass and it reminded me of you.
#inshallah everything will be okay ... n that's my personal sincere
This fellow journalist cheered when you stuck to the facts tonight."Keeping them honest" isn't a catchphrase, it's our job.
Exhausted from such a long day! Been a bad tweeter this week! Just been too busy! Will make up for it this weekend!
Ahh yes, 7:30 on a Friday night. When my Twitter feed floods with Instagram pix of buddy's beers and their #foursquare bar check-ins. Magic.
no that was for the guy that recommended the McDonalds owned Mexican.
ooh. Our power is out at the library too. Wonder what happened.
oh...ur in my hood! Have fun!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Keeping stakeholders from introducing feature creep.
"Please do not power off or unplug your machine. Installing 1 of 3..." + I gotta hit the road = I *Hate* Microsoft
Ugh. You had to remind me didn't you? I really wish I could be there!
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal. - Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the mention!
It's cuz I'm smart. LOL
How are you celebrating your cinco de mayo, #lakeview? Come start the day right with us at !
the awkward moment when someone comes up to you like hey! But you no clue who they are.
FIRST weekend opening....#success!!! YAY!!!!
- we used to play sandlot games with members from my school's team and I was better than most of them. Not bragging!
Pondered the complexities of time travel and other aspects of quantum physics.
Thanks for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Have an awesome week :-)
Thought without action is not worth much, and action without thought can be even worse.
GO LIONS!
Following the IndyCar crash at Las Vegas a week ago, Will Power has been diagnosed w/compression fracture of fourth thoracic vertebra.
Hey man, just a heads up; i'm sending you a DM in a bit. Had a cool idea last night.
which game should I attend this year? Need to keep the live tweeting tradition alive!
i still cant believe my favorite band is going to be on my favorite show!!!! Congrats :D
Also, let it be said that David Halberstam is a lousy typist (and not fond of capital letters).
do you think cows would ever fly.
You know what really bugs me? who comes up with these stupid trends like #IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake That really bugs me! Follow and retweet!
Damn peopes kids yelling in IHOP...
The campus police investigate crimes that occur on campus or school grounds. The campus police are a local LEA.
awesome! Thanks! (:
O'Flaherty denying report he will step down. Says he intends to serve out as Judiciary chair this session.
Ohh and our gym class ( :
Using the Norwegian keyboard ... my fingers are fumbling a bit.
People need to make up their damn minds.
Thanks Chris and WE ARE! RT Just wanted to say hey to #prsms ! Hope you're having fun. : )
congrats on the young dem article in this weeks CL
I got 50 on OKC tonight!!!!
Happy Monday! - Thanks for the follow...right back at ya!
The winner of our Perfect Grandma Contest is Betsy Roybal from Las Vegas, NM! We are deeply honored to have her represent us.
We've been getting a lot of production requests - we're booked out until Fall, so for all those looking for #videoproduction - PLAN EARLY!
sorry for the late response. Pop up afternoon showers will become a more consistent rain tonight and tomorrow.
I heard the Rubicon in Mission Hills is opening tomorrow... FINALLY!
Clearly I am preoccupied. Why else would I be wide awake in the middle of the night. Again.
that sucks =|
Boom!!! .02 off my fastest time and it's the first day on this new bike :-) tires made the biggest difference
Shareholder Files Lawsuit Over Windstream, Merger
“: Puccini's ranch will always be better than Mother Bear's ranch.” I second that.
Just got back from an AARP shoot, edited, transmitted, and it's about to go online - how's that for expediency
this is exactly what makes them cool. I'm sleeping in your living room...don't wake me
Got 3 pieces of snail mail from Verizon today confirming decisions I made on the Internet. One of which was enrolling in paperless billing.
Happy Saturday mornin' friends. ;)
awwwwh! :D tell him in grounded from my phone and i cant V.V tell him to get back on twitter D:< im ok.. my bffs r over :D
Up early !
Talking lizards, pile of money with eyes, old creepy dude, cavemen -- geico has too many spokespeople
so hungry! think we're going to a Japanese in Glasgow before the Kings - Excited :).
My computer is so dumb.....
Monday Night Raw!!!! :x
Using the Monterrey Bay Aquarium seafood app to pick dinner at SeaChange!
I just applied for a meeting!
Having a blast on set! So much fun working with such an awesome crew!
same to you too :)
you should come to in June. is going to be here...need I say more?
My bed is huge.
congrats, dude!
How is that fair?
Newt Gingrich ends his speech in Iowa with "Eye of the Tiger" and just seconds later it's trending worldwide on Twitter.
I agree: another reason he is better for CBB than the likes of Bo Ryan or the spawn of Pitino
Wanna be in the band?
awesome! congrats!
Wake up and smell the disruption. 2012 will be a whole new game for the publishing industry. And Hollywood is shaking hands.
Lee’s got a brand new oven, so she can bake more croissants for you on weekends. Plain, chocolate (natch) and almond. Crisp and light.
I'm Keelly xD nice to kinda meet you sir (:
I usually get excited for new apple announcements. But since I bought a MBP in november...not too stoked for the new release.
I've been off the grid, especially the twitter grid, but congratulations on all the roads that SILVER SPARROW has traveled! yay!
Are you my soulmate? 'Cause if so, girl you a blessing
RT RT : The only way our kids will win is if they have options. -Dr. Howard Fuller
So far away from where you are these miles have torn us worlds apart and I miss you and I wish that you were here...
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job?
Omg gotta buy that song!!! :D
sharing is caring, right? thanks for watching the video.
Absolutely. RT including a baby in a bar?
i need summer, im so sick of papers, readings, projects, and homework.
.... you applied to a McDonalds in Los Angeles?
Found myself missing coffee mosies with and as well as the ones with and
Had ketchup with my eggs this morning
I feel bad for the girl that slipped on the other girls wig.
yep *sadly*
At Andrew Jackson's funeral in 1845, his pet parrot had to be removed because it was swearing.
All safe here in dfw. Storm passed by work.
RT : Check out my YouTube Page = FrancoiseTheLight
do you see finley walking next year? (from GB)
yea filth ball happy birthday :)
:P Give me a break! We need this one, it means nothing for the Bulls!
You think you're real?Since when did real mean acting/being different with every person/group you talk to??
hey bm .....love yall
I am so not a flirt. Can't a girl talk to a guy without getting accused of flirting? Come. On.
It's #OpeningDay! Good luck to the Milwaukee #Brewers! Any tailgaters want to drop off a few brats and beers our way?
Good luck with your #SYEP application. We started in 2010 tweeting about openings you can intern for
Is a "know-it-all" jerk, that tried to get snippy with me for losing his Hickman Academy shirt which, he lost...then found.
Me, today = unbelievably fast email processing machine.
Harbaugh statement: "My reference was to the perception out there that came as the result of the league’s actions."
Just when things look bad "remember kids Charlie loves you." Lol:-) :-) :-)
um don't worry I'll still be here for 2 more hours
I told you I was coming home Monday morning!!
Photobucket if I'm not mistaken!
Breaking News : Dick Clark pre taped New Years Rockin Eve for the next 5 years
I agree, apple has created some great opportunities to change resolution standards, I wish monitors would follow suit.
Orlando #Magic Reportedly Interviewing Adonal Foyle for GM Position
see you then!
You haven't accepted my request to view your Instragram photos, so I'm missing out on what I suspect is a lot of Toby awesomeness.
I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us.
well..I know MaryAnn has it in for me lol she hates the attention I get from guys lol
RT Just finished 3+ hrs of hrg re devastating cuts to CA's judiciary. Democracy cannot std w/o healthy judiciary.
thanks for the help!
We can only use your content to provide you the service. Nothing else. We are explicit about that.
Feel like I checked out of the world last week. But I promise to be more in touch starting now. Where would I be without my friends? :)
my sister babyshower was yesterday, she got lots and lots of stuff.....
hey hey Jen!!! Welcome to twitter!! <3
Wow! Love that idea and the pic.
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body
Well connected, fuck wit niggas well respected
Double Duds: The 10 Worst Duets Since &quot;Ebony and Ivory&quot; - Houston Press (blog)
Thats awesome!! Keep it up!
Padres went in 1992. The San Diego airport is on route 992.
It's the first time we've had 4 generations in the workforce
#FollowFriday Kick-ass bands & great people too! #ThankYou (via )
Watching the game with mad fun and funny.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
Suppa bowl. Altho can you still fqll it that if the steelers aren't in it....
It takes a REAL MAN to let go of his old ways & move forward. Immature boys detest making change 4 the better, maturity is irrelevant 2 them
Storm on way! Well it's really small but it'll do :)
were you able to get through to the support email? mine is being rejected by their servers....
Pizza Hut is offering stuffed crust with the crust stuffed with hot dogs. #doesntsoundgood How about stuffed with Ice cream? Deli meat?
Moving right along...May issues now at Dominos, 9th St. Deli, Library, Tandoor, Kim Moon, more. Hungry for lunch yet? I am.
bobos they cost a nickel and a dime...
Thanks Kathy!!! Wish you were here!
check out for the What Women Want retail event in
ok, revision: all of those gross states are the poor man's California.
I won't the heat to lose, only because he talked so much shit about LA last night
So funkin' true RT : Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate you isn't loyalty, its stupidity.
LETS SET A DATE
Reason enough to attend Conference in Kansas City: Policy Director 's health reform analysis.
for the extra credit do i watch the video to hlp answr the?'s
text me
mixed feelings for CJ return. I was a big fanof his as a ranger, and was ok with him leaving but not with words/actions since.
I think Frenchy is going to go down as the next Yaz.
We will be playing 3 pre season games tomorrow against UNC in Johnstown at Nelson Farm Fields. Games start at 11am
On my hard drive, where is the check at RT : where them beatz at???
Weird inside jokes :'D
TEMPLE RUN BITCH! !!!
Are you One Direction, cuz yu stole every piece of my heart ;)
going to the bathroom before 's Ustream so i dont miss anyhting
It's Rubie Tuesday! Until 9pm! That means two piercings for the price of one! This includes basic jewelry!
I know, I am full of excellent advice. Oh BTW, you owe me an update of life. Email me. xox
GIRLS NIGHT OUT WITH MY SMEXYS!!!
. Hope you guys liked the show. It will air seven more times on and on Saturday at 2:30pm!!!!
safe travels. It was great to see u for a short time
No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz and call me maybe
Finally let the weekend begin 💚
Dale Thayer = Kenny Powers
Tweet me back at the end of June. LeBron is great...but Durant is better
Best shower ever.
it's ok...I mean once the clap gets you it's hard to break free...
Never let others decide for you. You have your own will. Choose your happiness and what you love. It's your life you'd live with not theirs.
There are some seriously ugly bitches out there.
After yesterday , he might as well change his name back to Ron Artest , lol
This is clear demarcation point for the close
Jean Mann just brought in her recycled glass lights! Gorgeous!
Holiday Party tip:Watch the beverages, especially alcohol, they have high calorie counts.Drink water and have a natural high.
could Red Sox/Brewers do a Youk/K-Rod swap?
I miss making love
How Did You Like Fliming With Kandi I Heard She Is A Good Actor
#Floetry on point!
Uh oh, performance anxiety. *grins*
With my love today need I say more?
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)
Who's not?! :) RT who's in austin this weekend??
I always used it as fuck the world... So when I played wow I just though there were a bunch of really pissed kids saying ftw lol
Where is the #Giants defense????
audio definition
oh some of them are quadratics. x^2+7x+12
thanks! Looking forward to working more with you as well. Happy to have familiar faces
PC running slow? Start off by getting our 15 point check diagnostics Today!
I think imma turn my damn phone before I get rude god know
I heard you like coffee.
Chris: Work at MHS, a much larger, more robust archives program; has been at MHS in 2002, focused more on public and academic librarianship
May have to leave the city for NFL season.
#15: Nice username & location :D tweet me more!
Stealing sandwiches you don't even like cause your names steven.
Saw an evangelist trying to proselytize to a group of deaf students
Weed > your life
Today concert UWS st.gregchurch playin big band arrg w/horns & choir... hats off to music dir for putting on this
dam it you screw everybody but me. I love that tree.
MT ": Lewis: Academic libs must deconstruct print collns, stop item-by-item selection". Also item by item deselection
I thought you were heading to the west coast? DM deets and I will send some recs for dc prowling.
it's what he said after leaving that they are pissed off at
Hey DC Metro, at this point you don't really have to go out of your way to tell me to expect delays.
I have the colts game recording at home! Excited to watch painter!
Special delivery! : #RooseveltIsland #postoffice 2 stay open. USPS made a list; glad they checked it twice & did the right thing
Tho charging an 18 ur old senior w/ a 17 ur old senior is crap. That's not a pedophile.
Say, my New Task Alerts are off by a day — they think the 15th is a Saturday, etc. Displays correctly elsewhere. FYI.
nothing better than a long weekend off with my man... too bad we're starting the weekend off with a funeral
Looking forward to the Arthritis Foundation's Jingle Bell run tomorrow with our client Findley Davies!
Suits for sure. More comfortable and more fun!
i really need Spo to get a play for Miller or Jones there though!
no problem and thank you.
Francisco-Revilla: "I'm not a lawyer" …but patent the tech. to recognize a gesture, not the gesture itself.
sometimes thats just how it is ://
Don't See Why They Have Him On ESPN This Man Seriously Don't Have a Reason He Don't Like Lebron!
Happy happy happy hour! Be happy the week is over & come celebrate with us!
I hope it gets out of hand. Maybe the obese Iowan takes it in the gut
RT : Awesome, hope you give us a try! p.s. #ManStyle hashtag is farking brilliant
Leaving for vegas in an hour.
Is it wrong for me to think that I'm the only #vo who has mc lust?
Listening to a pack of neighborhood kids scream "Ice Cream Man!" while The Entertainer plays in the background
I got you man I worked on three fire tracks today and got a bomb ass Willie Hutch sample Im doing now
To all NFL players, "Make sure you read the Small Print before signing off on this deal it's a 10 year contract", no changes allowed after.
Kola Hollywood is fake as all Hell. You will be fine. Don't let them get to you they couldn't go through what you have & LIVE :)
Taco Bell is delicious!!
Thomas I inroduced My friend to ICONic Boyz and she sayd you are her husband Dont you think its cute REPLY soI can tell her
Care Crisis: Thousands Of Foster Families Needed - Sky News
ugh man. I haven't seen a game since Thursday. I picked a great time for vacation. My 72-90 might be optimistic.
RT : Hm..I wanna watch HSM 2 with to get in the summery mood :)- Wat time is it? Summer time!! :)
you will never drop or lose your phone with an ikeep
came to visit me :)
Thanks, guys!
Gotta call this man when I get off about this shot
I <3 movies as much as I need to see if I can get screeners. That'd be awesome!
This #HiredHand calling himself a #Preacher said he don't care how much unrighteous acts R done by the #Righteous they remain righteous! Huh
I'm doing some major pouting.
haha definitely going to put it on now
Your followers thank you for the "only tweet what you've fully read" commitment.
: What are you playing?
Yeesh Tampa, you are a humid place.
Thanks Lisa for follow list!
Don't let defeat define you, define defeat as part of your journey to success! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
Just flipping through the new catalog, showering under this stuff would put anyone in a great mood!
Date night with !
Dear Google, We use ur web browser, youtube, and ur search engine- I'm sorry but we're just not going to use ur social network - Everyone
Hooray for , & ! Congrats on getting through your #21slides in 5 minutes & getting us to think (& laugh).
Coming Soon Photos !
People feel comfortable around someone who is comfortable with himself.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
Living in America and flying to another city in America to run a fucking marathon.
literally.... Everyday “: #EverydayIThinkAbout what it would be like to be taller. #shortgirlproblems”
Just put it on a GRID and everything will be fine!
Thirsty Thursday buy any 2 of our products and we'll send u 3rd FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
Yup. Forgot my wallet at the crib
If you have any questions visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
awesome show. Come back to Columbus soon. First drink is on me!
Thank you even though we have the same name but are last names are different
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take Courage! Heroism and heartache as 3 veterans of the Battle of Au Pac recount that day.
we like to discuss partnership in the EDU coalition with other major EDU tools. Who can we mail about it?
Rocking out to party in the USA in study hall. #whatuppppp. 😘✌🎉
I really don't want to wake up.. Ever
...And three live with me...
i'm sure if he could grow it, he would.
Mark your calendar #NOLA - our next swap is coming your way on Saturday, December 18 at The Occasional Wife!
Hm, that depends on how you like movies and books that end differently. I liked both, but I liked the movie better.
hope she never knows you tweet while you're on a date = #girls don't like
LOL Only Father Terry would randomly start calling himself a certified member of the #GODSQAUD great mass today:)
How does it feel in my arms? Do you want it? Do you need it?...Tell me :D
- Hi Kelly. Mr. White here.... Saw your twitter...How about that Luke?
Can't wait for the nba season to start back up ...Celtics all the way!
Finished my theme for 's
15 more! C'mon, show some support for AB!
and i'm out
Siri is not helping me locate veggie soup right now.
Pierre found his new team to be in love with. The Caps.
ratchet ass bitch
about to join a gym soon trying to lose some weight before the summer gets here
Tommy Bahama Trunk Show on Saturday, June 5 from 10 am to 5 pm.
It's been a long, crazy and busy day! How is everyone?
Now when ever I play clarinet I get depressed. Mehhhh.
Sears Coupon promotional codes - What should I Buy With Them?
U seem to have some gender issues, friend? And I use the word hesitantly!
Thought last night was fun? Tonight we have UFC on TV and live music with The Shin Dig! Party time!
I haven't been excited to go to the movies in so long. Hope Cabin in the Woods makes me feel like a kid again.
bit the one that counts is happening now?? Cc:
the next time my mom is driving and you beep the horn 1 sec after the light turns green, i will turn the car off and feed birds for an hour.
Sorry! Im on the another side of phx. RT : Who in Scottsdale? Food delivery would be nice :)
My tummy hurts and it's making weird noises. Meh.
Happy New Year. Wishing everyone successful year!
THANK YOU! Cant wait to see you live at the Wiltern :D
that was a great dinner!
So yesterday I ran my first 5k.... It won't be my last. :-)
Official call to action: Someone write a simple chorale for 4 voices and human microphone.
#ImAStanBecause we stuck with him through thick and Kim, and we waited for him, we knew he'd be back with a vengeance;)
Wearing see-through yoga pants to school.... YOLO.
I'm pretty but I'm not beautiful I sin but I'm not the devil I'm good but I'm not an angel -Marilyn Monroe
Arguably the best avengers quote: "Clench up, Legolas"
Just advised to play in comments area of websites by UK media expert. Bad advice for US folks. No trainer will tell you that.
are you OK? someone attacked!? !
This Will Be The Worst You Ever Seen Me Look.
you guys already know this but you offer way more information then the main stream guys and I know Hoops :-)
well happy birthday then!
was at your concert tonight in Cincinnati, sorry it wasn't packed But for the people who showed you know they were real..
is really focusing on the hope and possibility of change and great things happening.
awh (: that's sweet!
I wonder who the Broncos are going after now....Trade Down or Stay.....
RT Walt #Disney ~I have discovered language has an anatomy. Every spoken word has its facial grimace, emphasizing the meaning
Hey, cool, I wrote an article about tea and wine and now I am being followed by vintote in Redondo Beach.
Spread the word! We are on Google Plus!
Suddenly hannah montana's hoedown throwdown is in my head.
Nice and clear F-bomb right there on NBC sports network.
Rock and Roll, my love...
TXx Me ASAP My love
Alan Liu about to take podium at centerNet meeting
ahhhhaha, I see what you did there ;) :P
I swear to god i will shoot that cocksucker and call it fucking research.
is wondering how I got the time to login and check My
pedal pedal pedal
That's very noble of you! How do you go about helping people reach their own goals? Is that part of your career?
RT : Thanks to everyone who listened to Live In San Francisco. We had an overwhelming response. Thanks!
Someone tell Tiana that no one cares that you're 21.
Global #smartphone data in Jan. was accessed 69.6% by Wi-Fi & 30.4% by cellular networks. I bet we'll seen #WiFI increase even more.
we should start a Hacksaw twitter campaign...!
Seattle picked him!!! I'm excited
I cant wait to get to a studio and record this new song!!
Thx for the follow. We're building community in support of schools here in #Lamorinda , CA.
Admission staff asks that they sing AuldLangSyne, too. MT ": Mention #RobertBurnsDay at Admission Desk & get free admission!"
I bet...miss y'all! I gotta tweet more....
Oh. nothing big? twitter must have been boring without my presence then. lol just kidding haha!
printed some chapters of the perks of being a wallflower so I can read them on my way to PA so I won't be so fucking bored.
going to record a quick toss for you... you can play it if you want. Will send link in a couple minutes to the mp3
Wondering how events in #Fukushima will affect Austin's debate about buying more #nuclear from the #NRG plant
Since the new digital tv I have an automatic signal (or corruption of signal) telling me MAX is approaching 7 min interval
Bad Decisions has awesome mixed drinks, Fleet St and Washington Ave. Pretty low key, good bar food, great bartenders
or "washed off first".
What purposeful event are you doing tomorrow? #Boston Walk for Hunger. Learn more about our community. #DoGood We need you. Pls RT!
on rims that ain't stolen!
Where is this Once Over place??I need to try it out....
That's so exciting. Where will you be?
i miss that one night me & Kayla sat in the bathroom for hours talking about our life & families.. i told her stuff nobody else knows💗
#toptech in large auditorium this year. Logistics are hard, but wish there were a way to make it a real conversation
#TESTS AND QUIZZES OF BOMBS
It's Tech Appreciation Week ! Through tornados, hot summer wx, winter our folks are the best! Thank your Tech today!
yea an a commute to Newtown Square. Up for most nights to chomp on some seitan tipZzzzz
You are completely wrong!!
RT : 300K American kids are at-risk of becoming #humantrafficking victims. Tweet awareness with:
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change. -Golnik Eric.
This weirdo I know has a "scrunch" face smile. It's fucking awful & she thinks she's cute which is even more horrifying.
The Bible declares that every Hidden thing shall be revealed. So, no need 2 investigate, TRUTH is about 2 present itself.
How are the arms boys? beasted upper body today
That was
Getting some work done for the upcoming tv series "World's Most Dangerous Race" have to get all the gear for shooting for July in Africa
Omg Jon Stewart is on a roll already. That Christie sub just did me in!
hey, ladies! Who can I reach out to discuss a marketing partnership between Birchbox & ? Thanks!
On track this whole time but now is the time to strategize. Choose wisely
I love watching white hipsters existentially grapple w liking a rap album. It's okay guys, nobody's going to revoke your pass or anything.
I told > < 2 hop out my mentions,now he tried to find his self tellin people to hop out his.!
I think the PC term is 'unichallenged'
I always say, during the season, that this stuff pales in comparison to matters of real importance, like the Afghanistan War.
KJo films = a place of license...
Thx T! March 1 I better get best twitter tutorial in the world. Attending American U Digital Media Grad program!
Our pleasure to bring you our first great Doc event in Boston! On to DC! Tell your friends!
Yup - my wife saw a flash
I have a big problem right now
This game is still 1-1??
It's just that I think 7 AM is too early to be worried about oxford commas.
have u talked 2 him about it?
lol you like it au natural
Thanks much! We're really only scratching the surface on social media's application for business
thanks for the RT Robert. Appreciate it tons.
Last event at the PRC of 2011 is Site Night from 6-8pm TONIGHT. Come share your #photography #website and learn how others designed theirs.
Well, if they're predicting a Jazz upset, they better hope Tony Parker gets struck by lightning, giant PG mismatch there
Got our Letterpress today!
Haha great sarcasim! Made my morning.
tweet tweet. is this everyone's first tweet??
Well thank you :D
would help if i had paints! do i fuck! i cant paint for shit anyway
Performing with artist Stephan Keating tonight at The Wolf Party @ Le Souk :D
I've finally found something I like about #Bachelor Ben...his mom and sister. It's a Christmas miracle.
YAAY. you landed safely! (: how was it?!
Online Travel Companies to Enhance Services with the Recent Significant Increase in Demand from Consumers Online
SAG voucher in my hands tomorrow. Hear that universe? Just putting it out there.
OH my that could be a tough thing for you. ;)
Iron Works…
u r such a hard working girl I'm really proud :) I'm so sure you're doing great in leaning English :)
After 2 rough yrs for Joe, u are all-time #1 RT u should let me draft ur team. Historically I am homeless mans
you should so i can have them at lunch:)
That looks good. How many groups would you like to get? Count in.
Working on becoming more effective versus more efficient.
Hey - thanks! Yes, moms of twins need support in those first years!! How old are your twins now?
im fasho getting the playoffs
What's wit the? ?
. & I just had the most amazing day working with & offering feedback to students on their design projects. So much fun!
yeah I know. Especially when there was another person sitting there.
HOW UGLY LOL...
Most people fight for the dumbest reasons.
Birth certificate for baby allegedly fathered by Justin Bieber reveals boy's name is Tristyn Anthony Markhouse Yeater
"There are never enough I Love You's." ~Lenny Bruce
No game AND no dinner date. Baseball boy you're failing me.... I'm gonna blame the damn Dodgers :(
Death of Spy, Zipped Into Bag, Spawns Theories and Inquest - New York Times
Never borrow shit... but niggas owe me a arm and a leg...
So #Boston and #Atlanta both choked in September? Last night was quite a wild ride!!
Well put, love that!
didn't even know u was on twitter young blood following now
#TheOneThatGotAway music video is so emotional!
Social ntwks as "info evaluators": how are our patrons evaluating us? Yes! It's why we monitor tweets & solicit feedback on Facebook.
I was secretly rooting for "Precious" too but haven't seen it. Pretty sure I don't want to either. Looks too real for me
Rainy overcast day here... Reading and enjoying be horizontal on a sleepy Saturday!!
he has a fundraiser this week so clooney must live haha
good morning how are you doing this beautiful morning
The one penguin game I watch & their loosing..
The Silk Tie likes Chris! We want to sell game changing ties that make men across the world look good, thesilktie.com
The new PIXEL-Micro 48x60 is coming together...only 20,000 more brushstrokes!!
Thanks! I'm feeling better already.
At my Lil bro soccer practice ..
225k jobs added in March thanks to the wedding industry?
then Carmelo should be salivating
Trivia of the day: The town of Jean Lafitte was once a hideaway for pirates.
Looking forward to a long day in the editing room tomorrow. That's where the magic happens!!!!
Hey, I heard you like the wild ones
#votegrahambgt we got your back :) Let's go Graham!
Equipment for superior stabbery is never a bad thing.
The float that won the animation award, has some crazy movements going on. Pretty amazing!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf you know u're eventually gonna get caught?
I have 5 projects due on Thursday and that's the day I'm supposed to be getting surgery. ):
not going to bed until you follow me! <3
i have all the blankets i want AND i'm using ryan's pillow, but no cuddles :(((
This is just an intro'd piece. Expect lots of debate and discussion from all sides.
thank you for the up date... The best of all Possible worlds
silly passwords, link already!
i wanna be high, so high.
Spanish homework done 3 hour later and one page of english and research done!
Gearing up for an 11pm kickoff 4 weekly soccer game. Pray I don't get hurt using this adrenaline & actually score a goal! Back of the net!
first 1 in like a year Went for a swim at lunch and looking at strength training after work. Wonder how long I will keep it up
do it to it big daddy
. Great!!! Let's see how the Motor City Moron deals with getting some Dixie Chicks treatment
soon! share us with your friends and make this possible!
what a great day! the holiday weekend almost here
Feel free to correct me on this, but is the Galaxy S I the first Android device to launch with ICS?
well, all I can say is your liberty family won't stand for that, and you MUST come to family dinner after the service this week.
is it tonight?
Don't miss our Herbals class tonight with Dr. Wazny! Call to rsvp!
tell those cali boys that's there's nothing free in life. Lol
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, the passion to change the world
Hooah!!! How's it going, my friend?
Thanks for coming! Sorry I (we) didn't get to meet you??
thank-you moss Megan, have a good one :-]
I'm too sleepy. I'm in need of some
He was awesome, but I was pulling for Juliet. Sad that he had 2 go when he's better than the 3 from the other teams.
Some ppl r complete morons :p so i confront them about it
tell yourself that if it helps you sleep better at night. I'm not talking about what others think of you.
Julio Jones is making a strong case for the top rookie WR and might be worth the 1.02 in rookie drafts
No worries : )
Vancouver followers! I am looking for a marketing job in the Vancouver area! Will need visa assistance. Anyone have some leads or contacts?.
Go Bucks!
if this is the "real" you, then you might want to get your page verified. I'm new to this and someone sent me a link
I can sing good, wanna hear?
Watching Frozen Planet on Animal Planet!
WHOO HOO! Got my 15" MacBook Pro. The only thing I don't like so far is the screen glare, but I'll get used to it.
Hi. Hey.
Just realized I may not even be in Miami for the Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan concert. This is a sad sad day.
Ha. Nice story. So would be sending gifts to a Mayor DeMaio? Y'know...for testing purposes?
sorry to hear you had problems; can you open a support ticket or let us know what didn't work for you?
Happy Seventh Birthday Sam (a little late). Hope you had a really great day.
sorry I missed u today. Will be there 2 morrow. Email & I'll send my
Thanks for the support!!
nice! Good luck! I have a scrimmage thursday :)
When I wanna relax n clear my mind I like goin to sit by the lake
JUST MY OPINION: Fellas, some of you cats are taking this "SKINNY JEANS" thing waaayyy TOO FAR! (side eye)!
watching a guy in a meeting who reminds me of an old boss, who also wore a bowtie
You're very welcome Lacey! I admire & adore you! I hope you & Bo have a terrific weekend! Winks!
is moving! Looking forward to sharing where and the pics!
just got off work dude fuck that place
Right!!! I knew it was bogus!
it is a simple thing that has amazing results if you are truly patient
...and the Times is ON IT.
RT : A6: brussels sprouts, bacon, raisins, carrots, green onions, sesame oil .
want to win a free shirt? tweet this "hey guys! is giving away a free shirt to 1 follower! go follow them and tweet/RT this"
One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention. ~Jim Rohn
it's suppose to mean what I said?! Haha
I've probably stopped myself from shouting out to women running/biking about 1626373829393050173 times.
I don't think I've actually had a drink since I turned 21. Haha. No more age restrictions for you though! That's exciting!
i hate speech.....
Hey Everyone gonna get those pics from Wednesday up today!!!! Remember we are back at Club 212 on SUNDAY for part 2!!!!
this is me telling Will to get instagram lmfao
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
yeah tryouts through FEB. I HAVE 2 try out!
“: S/O to who's leaving Hawaii tomorrow! We'll miss ya buddy! #gonnariseup” miss u too bro. Thx for memories!
I hate it when your trying to type something and your cat walks onto the keyaq2sesdggh=jkt6trv.;u'
Hangin at the library watching do hipster things. Come get registered!
Sex talk at the breakfast table..
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
"Last game we focused a lot on Derrick Rose, but now we can single in on Kyle Korver" - Jrue Holiday...
and tweets always make my day they crack me up
That In Your Arms video, with the jelly beans...well done.
Such a good day in the sun.
Touch may help alleviate symptoms of depression according to the American Journal of Psychiatry.
Accidents suck. Glad you all are okay.
Lol alright cool x]
OMG I JUST WANT JUSTIN,.
The country's greatest minds on Arab politics discussing the Arab Spring>>
even grilled cheese? :(
baby when you need someone to translate to spanish here i am !
Tee hee! My brain is fried enuf!
No need for anyone to stand in long lines for a MegaMillions ticket, I already bought the winning ticket. :-) 1-in-175.7M odds, no problem!
Totally psyched for an evening w/ the late great Whitney H brought to by none other than
#1 what's up with Nate's droopy lip for the past month? and #2 Jack is Chuck's dad...really?
I am the one from NJ! Went to college out in Indiana though.
Out and about for my afternoon jog with the voluptuous This new fad is sure to catch on.
Rumors Henrietta board passed family redefinition (no more then 3 non-related in house) Any truth to it? A Source?
Messi hat trick 3rd goal was ill
RT : Let us know if you try this one: New Site Shows You How to Enhance Your Higher Education With Google Services -...
Glad to be home for Mother's Day with the best mom.
idk what it is with females, im not too good with that shit.
Yeah, my pieces (like the Nemo) are awkward in size for simple storage.
i'm at the game tonight too! It's HOT!
Nice. Stay tuned.
... artichokes, the gentleman's fruit
How much do other countries spend on technology vs. what we spend?Technology: student-motive driven vs. profit-motive
Bible - or this book will keep you from sin or sin will keep you away from this book
Thanks for the follow, :)
And your brain thanks you for this.
Maybe it's a sign you should move to Indiana :)
Very cute! Is he/she a lhasa apso? That's what I had years ago, if so. Her name was Mitzi Tsu. Lol!
damn dude, good call. I was actually looking for it in best buy on Monday, then came home to find out the same thing haha.
Mil gracias! For the congrats, and for the beautiful part you played as a friend of this book. Abrazo.
It was great seeing you yesterday. You have to stop working so hard and get in to see me more often :-) Take care!
Thirty dollar sacks make sexy hos moist
Do you have any juicy water?
KING KONG where you at? Lmao
class is back in session FURTURE FASHIONISTAS OF AMERICA, i missed my students , cant wait to see them
you gonna be playing at is8 this coming weekend??
where can we find the actual interview? The link that you provided lacked the good stuff. Thanks
Ebenezer became a stir monkey when he believed what Sharon said.
MT : NCBDDD presenting plenary today on National #SpinaBifida Patient Registry at World Congress.
that's genius.
Maybe they should be more accomodating for us bike-less gals and make it "skip/hop/run/walk to work week."
I worl alone, need to get in and follow the twitter community more, you are inspiring me.
WANT SOMEBODY TO TAKE ME OUT TO EAT........... AINT MORE NICE GUYS LIKE THAT ROUND MY WAY :(
Giants win!!!!!
Me neither...just hope by sayn this i dont get ebola next week! ~ek
very :( I'd be so sad
Ok one final down...now all I can think about is the going away party and buying more bacon.
Why r kids so fat? Uh cheese burgers r 99 cents & salads r 5 dollars a bag -__-
It's BOGO time at 12EST for the first 5 orders that come in! Mention in the description what free tee you want or be surprised!
Many don't know, I use to shake my POM..POMS on the NFL FIELD..YUP a former Redskinette AM I:)
Next stop - Canada 2015.
RT : Just 3 days left to win $500 Plum District dollars! 2 enter, follow + + retweet
LOLOL 😉 I'm waiting on Carmen to get dressed then we can go eat! You work today?
hi twitters :-)
I be doing stuff I can't stop what I'm doing and txt you and you don't even txt lying butt
#LittleWhiteLies I had a great time
This weather about to show out in Atlanta -__-
I don't need a biotch like you I got my dog murphy for tht♥
Extended hours continue through 5/18 and don't forget our 24 hr space!
I'm drunk at Denny's
I'll send some vegan recipes your way ;)
Cancel your plane tics to Amsterdam if you're goin for the cafe's you have to be a citizen to enjoy happy smoke
So happy to welcome to the Fresh ID family! Great first day of motivated learning... Adam is our new sales ninja so say howdy!
"It's more fun to talk w/ someone who doesn't use long difficult words but rather short easy ones like "What about lunch?"- Winnie the Pooh
HE is risen! Have a blessed Easter! John 11:25-26 25 Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who
yeah we ready. Should be fun
Looking forward to that mixtape!!
what were facial reactions?
We're going to get you that blimp and #BringJamesHome ....Know why? Cuz Rushers Rule The KCAs! :)
"GirlSpeaking: When people make fun of girls being pregnant. You don't fucking know their story, stop acting like you do. -_-" ily kenzie<3
Still trying to read my first #ebook on my ipad. Don't know if it's the book or the device, but not enjoyable.
“: the more i text him the more i want him!” *her
This Easter we celebrate our Redeemer, who said to his disciples, “Go therefore...” There's no better time than right now to share His love!
You've been hacked. I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
4 day weekend!
Oomf is starting to piss me off everyday.
I maybe only a foot tall... but I am still your biggest fan! should have us both on the show together one day
I missed last night: hottest moms drawing at the Bellagio
Not king yet. Oh, there will definitely be pictures.
TSA showed me a new feature for my Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea
probably best proxy w/out knowing exact measures or details about dropped ceilings, raised floors, utility areas, etc.
Yes! RT : "When God speaks, he doesn't stutter. When he awakens u to ur calling, the snooze button stops working."
Easter Egg Hunt, 4x4 Mud Drags, car show, arts & crafts, & a Poker Run? There's something for everyone at the Annual JeffCo EXPO this year!
David LaChapelle suit vs Rihanna over CR & TM infringement is another reminder that photographers' rights must be protected.
Real girls aren't perfect and perfect girls aren't real. if you want a perfect girl, go buy a Barbie doll.
“: Real friends don't save hoes,they.share hoes” exactly!!
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten! Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter
I will remain positive & full of gratitude today. If I cross your mind, and you send love my way, I appreciate it. Not drinking bitter tea
can't wait to see at #sfiaaff12 So proud of you on
RT : Weird that Avengers was created as part of Obamacare. People really don't know what was in the bill!
Avoid high fiber foods before working out, while fiber is great, right before a workout is not the time for it.
; thank you for following.
editing my perfect strangers cover. I keep messing up while singing it so I have recorded it 50 times :/
i told myself i WOULD NEVER own anything American Eagle but yet my shoes are the brand .. :( tear
I started my homework at 7. That has got to be some sort of a personal record for me
I forgot to refridgerate my leftovers
The #Dj just did a bad azz #BeastieBoy mix here #RIPMCA #Lakers vs
Heh thanks for the shout out on the Pokercast and (Mike) :D.
not much, hbu?
It reads: "Move semantics in C++11, meanwhile, lead to higher performance" Figured good update to our own Biggest Changes in C++11
Of course, I have a special interest in the anti-gay issues. I already sent you a link to my project so you know that already.
wanna let me see your packet tomorrow and I'll give it back in apes?
RT : No Problem, This Film Will ALWAYS Have An Impact On Me, It Inspires Me To Be A BETTER PERSON EACH TIME :)
don't forget to remind her often that CONTROL is now COMMAND! that really screwed me up, former PC that I am. :-)
lol she's getting big!
I annoys me when people's horoscopes get posted as a tweet. Like make that stop.
yeah they do.
He passed last night in Dallas.
OMGG ur in fl I live there!!! I wanna meet u :(
who am I beating up?! Lol. Text me if you need anything!
You realize how much easier to ask more of others, when you demand everything from yourself?
CHEERS to a wonderful weekend ahead!
is The best out there in Orlando
fuck outta here! RT : The fuckin Knicks SUCK ! I counted on the sorry ass team to override the Heat . Losers .
Clearly the key in an #auctiondraft is to not blow your wad early, though it depends on how big your league is. (CONT)
little column A, leading to a little column B
love it <3
sounds kinda weak
Yay! Got some worked lined up!
true. Since when do you have a night job?
Glad to see #UNC, #Marquette and #Wisconsin make it to the
Just say the word! Can guac be involved too!? Ps, swiched to the voice. Those bitches were giving me a headache.
I heard it from a friend who heard it from a friend who heard it from another you been messin around.
drank one gallon of #kangen water yesterday before, during and after hot yoga.
I've rockin out to 70's Rush since yesterday. Best decision of the week. Maybe even the decade.
Typo? "The problem is that they are not being given adequate financial resources... to do." --> "do so".
... Loved seeing y'all tonight, as always!!!
I hate stuck up bitches
lol yeah, every time I read it I say.. "Damn Picasso, that's harsh!" No wonder he created ~ 50,000 works!
im hungry, so yes eating like niall sounds good right noow..
I'm sure you get this ? a lot. Do you and Charles Barkley ever talk about the behind the back dunk ?
Early morning meeting with the Comm Department--
look your a big reason for the seasons success. Keep your chin up and qualify for the Champions league.
have fun my man.
#manning arrives at headquarters
were here
four loco + mexican food on the streets of San Francisco
otherwise they ask what i thought and a long critical rant begins and then they glare :P
I rank based on week 12 to 16 production over the last 2 years.
Stay Positive and everything will turn out eventually.
RT : If ur a young hustler on the come up , u must have confidence that ur hard work, dedication and faith is going to pay off.
Today will be a great day!
Federal spending on healthcare is greater than federal spending on defense. WHA?!?
aaron here, just bought the Doepfer R2m Ribbon controller...looking forward to making beautiful sounds with my Doepfer Dark energy.
Walt McGuire (NuWealthDynamic) thanks for the follow.
We will be posting photos from cityLAB's Community Meeting last Wednesday shortly and announcing our next meeting -- stay tuned!
I know! I've heard so much about his texts through the years. I hope JJ compiles them in a book.
Temple Chai Chanukah Festival in Buffalo Grove today from 1:15 - 5:00 PM. Come see Balance Lady Designs. Great gifts for everyone!!
As long as you have the Internet and MANY sex workers do, we can set the story straight! It is a flawed idea to think.....
Good morning everyone!
As a stabley housed person, I carefreely go to sleep in MY bed every night, accustomed to the sounds around me.
OMG just finished and I can't wait until next season! So many questions?!?!
Making $ is easy. Press shift+4.
bring my damn man back home I'm about to leave his ass
Hellbound Hero comes to life tonight...
natalie made it for me I never even got to see it
well we're still friends. We just didn't wanna date anymore because we didn't want each other like that
The LA Dodgers have been sold for Two BILLION dollars..... BILLION
unsuccessful study idea number 1) watching the crew while looking at notes online.
lol I love u
Yeah. They aren't out in paperback yet, girl......
lol well it keeps unfollowing people
hey. 😃so you warm up from your AC? Lol
Have you tried Batch 206 Vodka yet? Great juice! Do it.
I would actually prefer to sit on his face...but I guess I wouldn't be picky with that little Swede and his flannel
Honored to be in such good company, Victorio. Thanks!
Interesting debate in the office this morning. Better coffee, , or ? What is your choice?
this great. Are all of the pitches loaded up or are they still in process?
#crocafecollect Disney Cover Night (12/6/06) Electronified countrified and amateurified versions of dISNEY hits. Highlight? Perfect Nanny.
so i cut my hair, i had to make it my version though! hope you like it!
Jackson's very, very #cute. Thanks for
yeah! welcome back.
Good morning :) thank you sis! God bless your day! Btw I am done with my exams yaay ^_^ all of them went well.
The wifi on the train really sucks
That too
Shocking: Attended a dance (ballroom/latin) class last night and A) wasn't the worst student and B) enjoyed myself.
THANKS SO MUCH LOVE!!! I'll deff take a few shots for you;) love you!<3
aha welcome!<3
Well-rested, feeling good. The world is an oyster, let's share it. Carpe ostrea!
and now… pretend to be a student for a couple hours.
nice work!
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7
We'll announce our prize #winners tomorrow! Enjoy your day! Happy Mother's Day!
One hour into my trip to Detroit and the AC must died. It's 97. Gonna be fun.
New poll notes: a really high percentage of Dems. 46%; last one had 40%. Undecided/other still at 14%. No movement for Dumanis
"For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness". Ralph Waldo Emerson.
call me?
I cannot talk about it yet.
atleast your teachers arnt on strike . i havent had a full day of highschool yet . latest we got out was 1O.
have fun beating us at the Garden
You will have to tell me what you think, I got a great response from the last art fair on that one. I love Grey hounds as well.
any plans to come to miami? It would be great to have a presentation of your company.
cal, i could you hear curse after the equalizer all the way from KC! Reign it in!
WTF? Still no email? Ah.
Thanks! I do love the Robert Harris book for older kids.
Good Morning Everyone
Pls follow back(:
Out downtown tonight. Gonna check out the live music scene! Hit me up - 414-429-3973
A tech. I heard dat battle bout to come out bro
nothing in particular...You?
So excited on how much things have picked up!
word n idk if my r.o.d not doing anything i'm go see him or idk lol
zombie books for teens? ROT and RUIN (maberry) + THE ENEMY (higson)...would appreciate other zombie titles for 7th / 8th grade and up.
No. 1 Ohio St. is tied with Michigan 14 - 14 with 11 left in the first
*So excited about passion Party's Holiday Deals*Tweetors and Tweetets you are have 2 check these deals out for yourself
gators baseball game tonight!!! (; <3go gators!!!
Somewhere along the line, 8pm turned from dinner time to story time, 10pm turned from party time to alone time, and 2am just disappeared.
Thank God. Don't go crazy on me, yo.
Full of gratitude. Today is beautiful. Make someone's day with a smile from your heart today :)
hey Ms. Lol
For Sale: Sasquatch pelt. Looks very similar to bearskin rug sold at Cuz's Pawn last week, but they are NOT the same item. $5 million firm.
Today is the only day that everybody goes to church lol
If anyone wants more info, send us a message at we would love to hear from you.
No law against staying over at his place?
lol i do that alot or when im showing someone a txt i hold my phone haha
follow Jose From Da Hood!
not it's not cause there's tons of pitching..isnt that many good QB's
I'd pay $12/year to keep the spambots away!
Aw shucks. Guess I'd better go write something then.
Intercon or Pfister? $50 says Dale Svuem will be in hotel bar by 630. Have seen him out countless times.
Welcome back #KRodsGoggles!
I would stop .... But since u gone be lookin my TL up and down ima give you wat ya want
Last night, I dreamed that Sarah Michelle Gellar (or was it Buffy? I'm not sure) decided to sponsor InfoCamp this year.
Is that the first of their "non-gay" programming?
#ImMadBecause I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 2 NOTICE ME OR FOLLOW ME!!! :(
ok me too cuz im hungry mann :D
I missed Guitar Shorty Tonight,Damn!
Time for bed. I need to be productive tomorrow, I'm thinking gym/run, haircut, &
#LAKings!! Let's do this
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord Coupe EX-L V-6 Automatic for a new car!
Hardly slept last night, worked 14 hours today. Why can I not fall asleep tonight??
$2 meatballs subs at Subway!? I get excited about the little things.
You also have the opportunity to write about Darfur instead of questioning moms who focus on the health of their babies.
Say this to your best friend: FA Q!!
my son is five damn time flys
I'm back from sabbatical--getting away to was a fantastic way to gain clarity on work, come back stronger. Plus, I surfed. :)
Grand Opening A Cut Above GRAND OPENING 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Hey ppl how's it goin tgif!!!!
love your twitter photo. Awfully intimidating to see the hooded sweatshirt. Watch yourself!
Writing an article on Disney's newest ride "Characters in Flight"
I don't know how I found your article @ not setting goals, but you have turned my brain inside out & I love it!!! Thank u!
IRS issued revised regulations on the capitalization of tangible assets to clarify standards
Forget the gym... I need sleep z night night
From Joe's Management: Thank you for all your kind words. We are sharing them with Joe.
Got a question for our small-biz consultants, Doug and Polly White? Send your Q to
Looks like spring came and went yesterday, skipped summer, and it's Fall again at my house. Boo. This rainy, 45degree crap needs to end !!
ActorStuff: Here's the deal--You cannot truly relax at auditions by just THINKING you're going to relax. You have to just f*(&^ing do it.
Hope play Love Cry.
I was liiikeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee NO. DEF NOT. tf I look like?
glad you like it
Alright well I guess that means I'm single.
no, more for safety reasons honestly
#NowListening Apollo Brown & OC - Trophies (Album Preview Stream)
700 Congress? I'll head that way shortly.
excited to begin the REDI program with Colorado next week! We'll be working in the 5points, where I grew up!
Leaving on a jet plane, don't know when I'll be back again
Beach tomorrow? Movies Friday, babes piano recital Saturday, maybe chruch Sunday! Got it all planned out.
Wow. With that attitude, you deserved to lose.
His Eyebrows lmaooo((:
I believe my (dv) server was included because it's down...what information do you need?
Going to see the Avengers with this afternoon. #cantwait #soexcited (messed up her twitter handle)
Just watched a vid of Bam visiting Dunn's crash site..fucking lost it..don't think I could hold up either losing a friend like that...
lol Dude. That's like technical.
at least u picked good flicks. I'll add something to my Netflix queue just cuz I think there'll be boobs in it.
Life is too short to be anything but happy
them b the ones either got something or end up pregnant by yo ass lol
thanks! my friend!:D
you should come to des Moines Iowa ? Please (: that would make my life complete <3 ily
thank you so much! You guys were great to work with this weekend too! So much talent and respect! I'll b in Youngstown w fire n ice
in Phoenix!! Love the show so far
You make Your own wine tasting all day, 4 wines for $14. Enjoy a great happy hour until 7.
can we please make them more like #SXSW interactive?
so could i (all week actually) but Austin is awesome !!
thanks Hugh - Bloomindale is the 2nd Up and Coming Neighborhood :) We love our good friends and neighbors in
Sure. I can recite all of the digits of pi . In base pi of course. (Base ten is an enduring bad habit from the Roman Empire.)
Got my workout in and now it's time for a beer! :)
Get back on my drake mentally
Got the passengers on board, all systems are green and we are cleared and ready to roll. Gonna be a little busy here. Over and out.
Thanks to and many others for rocking their Karaoke skills at our 1st meet and greet event!
My favorite part of the race this morning was seeing a TON of little kids in #crew96 and #ussoccer jerseys cheering on the runners
+ are forever my favorite couple! so cute together makes me say Aw out loud! #love congrats juliet!
Your life has no feeling unless it is touching others.
Maybe heaven right now is a devil or angel away
gotta go warm up so I can cut the last four vocal tracks for the new CD!! OH YEAH!!!
#CNN lives united!
I demand it. RT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand.
Fireworks debate in House once again turns on question of maturity of youth with firecrackers, although illegal for those under 18.
Ridiculous tweet of the day.
That's awesome! What is thump boxing? Never heard of that.
Resume Writing--just one of the skills you will learn at our summer Mentor2College workshop. 2 hours a week may make a lifetime difference!
Twitters gonna take some getting used to lol.
Taylor is sitting next to me, reading all my tweets. Lol
My only point is current / former players can push for improved practices w/o acting like they've been victimized.
I need to pee 🚽
good question. I think less because those girls are hard to resist. Plus, weren't we all a girl scout at one time?
LOOKING for like-minded guitarist to complete our LINE UP! hit us up >;D
salute ! ... I appreciate ya
So I'm otw back to the bend wassup for tonight what is everybody on
I cannot Believe I will be 27 tomorrow ! Craaazzzzy how time flys !
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came ~
"If you focus on what you've never had, you will never be able to see what lies ahead."
well you succeed
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
- yes! I #intentionally did! :)
So many mixed emotions right now...
That and Greek mythology never really interested me either...
RT : #GrnBz in NYC, Brent Schulkin on CarrotMob=The Opposite of a Boycott. Harnessing positive power of consumer...
Great 2nd half, you will build on that. Game on!!
Right, walk to Atlantic Avenue Target to corner the market in toilet rolls. Doesn't get much more rock and roll than that people.
Really, people who read books while walking down the sidewalk?
I don't get how people can keep going back to the one they "love" who repeatedly hurts them. Like, now you're just asking for it.
follow me please?
swaggin with these niggas now i got thinkin y she ain't mine yet?????
Hapy 2012 to you and yours as well. Glad for the new year and new opportunities. good bye, 2011!!!
Well not really. I mean I like the song a lot and I like Justin but I'm not really a Belieber. :3
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and submissive to receive the food first
Max was surprised and very pleased.
Damn !!!! What a dance!! So fun to watch!! Better every week...
song of the day: Awake and Alive (artist: Skillet)
people suck.
Glad to never have empty headed kids in my class. Well, at least not after I'm done pounding on them. #craftsman #NspiredBy Proverbs 7: 7
We currently have 30 participants for the package exchange! Yipee! tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
Tracking rhythm guitar! Then vocals!
I know it for sure, I'm not suggesting it. At least when it comes to the average worker coming back and not heads-of-x
“: Pacers are going to be my new 2k team” lol
RT : I haven't hated G+ yet. After 2 weeks I haven't found out what to do with it... for us users, not for Google.
My work schedule is slowly turning me into a Sunday afternoon napper.
my fave is bad cuz i is a bad girl :))))
Thanks For All The ''Happy Mothers Day'' DM's & Mentions. Love You Followers! & God Bless <3 <3
you jus read my mind. i was gonna tweet that.
May gray, no way! New students get a #free week. We offer over 25 classes/week. #Cardio, #Yoga &
how are you today
Starting my future
Glad to see new entrepreneurs signing up and using our services.
I'm unintentionally watching the 20th episode of the 4th season of Scrubs. ironic given the day.
It's crazy how you always love someone. Even after loving someone else.
Hey , we'd love to see u @ wine tasting tonight @ Liquor Plaza on Walt Whitman Rd. in Huntington from 4-7 p.m.
Haha I Was Joking. How Are You And The Novio?
Yeah a truly bad team for the last years gets a ton of studs after zero change and no one is questioning it?
First day of work today in a few hours. So freakin stoked, u have no idea
Happy Birthday, ALEX!!! The 9-club is the best, and 30 is definitely the new 20. #wearestillyoung!!
i feel like there's a smartass comment to be made but i will refrain
It means 'don't stop now, you might just be on the edge of something good...'!
Just got complimented on my Mastodon shirt. I'm so cool.
RIP BIG L
I don't understand cheese metaphors.
Imma need to come back to Detroit soon!!!
Do your thing. Follow your heart. Don't apologize to anyone!
Nice! Josh, and would probably be interested in a Python UG too.
Can you text me your address?
you're weird!:P
thanks for trying, not working again & couldn't get credit for the full outage. Time to try AT&T?
Well-played. RT Girl behind me in line is wearing a shirt that says "Peeta I loaf you"
paraphrased via : My video debut was a disaster. All about your safety at #mifflin2012. Sorry if tone wasn't right.
People change their number like every other month these days.. Smh you must be duckin somebody
It's 40° in downtown #indy but its 76° here. Some things just seem right.
New strians in from our wearhouse come check it out! Open till 9! :D
Control room. Jungle. Big bugs.
Two Black Cadillacs is such a dark song... But still so good!! :o
TONIGHT | MERGE @ ROXY NIGHT CLUB!! GET ON THE GUEST LIST! E-MAIL: !
But, LOL, I can't agree with this. #CarmeloAnthony is easily worse than KG. ;-)
ramen noodles like a boss
I LOVE when people use gobsmacked!
We may have learned 2 work w/in organizations, but not as well across organizations.Think new platforms for collective intelligence
What Book? Wednesday - today's quote: "We went to the moon to have fun, but the moon turned out to completely suck."
I hate that every time I meet an older guy I am attracted to I have 2 ask- have you ever donated sperm in tx in 1982
One Direction have 17 songs, 1 album, 2 books, 3 music videos, 3 world records, 1 documentary, 1 tour and millions of fans.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
thanks for the
where you got an interview at chick?
good morning! follow me?
goodnight love you Tyler
#dsoc setting up my new netbook w/ Seesmic so i can twitter w/ ease at NOLA!
Where did everyone one go? Did I miss the rupture? Damn it! I knew my alarm clock was going off for something important.
Quick stop Thursday...be through around 4pm!!!
I think I did almost 500 performances for this company. Last one today.
Oh my fault lol RT : man you know I ain't getting married!
Doing jquery, trying to make a shopping cart.
"kimberly's obsession with freedom is now under control"
Love the Skip Bayless rule in sports media. The louder you scream the more important you are. Maybe I should tweet in all caps?
“: Watching baseball just makes me want to play baseball.” you and !
Things are feeling a little festive around here already! Thanks to for the "nerdsgiving" leftovers-yum!
THIS--> « One of the worst feelings is being limited to just being "friends" when all you want is MORE.»
don't worry, I didn't understand more than 10 things in that meeting.
I love it too, totally addicted.
come through like SCUURRRRR....on
Thanks for the shout out!!!
You know, just a business guy, doing business things. With Connie Berg of fame!
haha Jesus that's steep
I hate knowing tomorrow is Monday... I just get a crappy feeling thinking about it :/
I am no such thing. Although I pretend. ": dude come! Would be so sick! You're a high roller now"
First period of WI turkey season started today and I'm already done. Not a giant but decent size bird. Fresh gobbler ready to cook!
This weekend should be pretty damn fun
Caught my phone before it hit the floor.
I'm the bed turn my head 2 the side rayle' but all n my face, lol
Just tucked my daughter into bed. She's still wearing my jersey over her princes nightgown. True fan.
they're still tickets on sale on stubhub.. they're expensive though. Maybe they can be an early Christmas or birthday present?
Rick Pracey from the Avs to talk hockey now! Get a closer look at the Avs' draft, including first round pick Joey Hishon!
lol no! Send me a pic of you and I'll send a pic of me! ;) We'll delete the tweet than, k? ;)
Prepping for SCAA and just got a pitch e-mail ... "the next 40 seconds will change your life ..." kid you not. I read it. Life not changed.
You think not or hope not?!
After the Kiss, get changed up and ready to dance at Latin Night tonight!
Corolla for the day while my truck's in the shop. I feel like I'm about to be squashed and scrape everything.
I will email u in the next hour. Thx!
LOL. I'm his senior. I'm just hopeful that experience and maturity will be a benefit. Lord knows nothing else has worked!
Clemson’s spring practice provide a mixed bag
Landry what do you do during practice? Can't be work on your shot. You suck!
: What's up! Nice to see you around here.
Have you taken the pledge? Only 3 days left to enter to win!
are u there in person??
PC answer RT : #Browns RB Trent Richardson: "I'm here to help Colt and try to make him better.''
Who wants to go walking after midnight?
booty butt cheeks
We got some new Kicks in the Store Pictures are coming Soon... Snapbacks as well
Ohh . Having fun ? c:
Doing a little impromptu Big Eight girls soccer coverage today as Madison Memorial visits rival Verona.
Your Welcome && Follow Me Plsz(:
ESPN picking Orlando to win tonight, still no respect, close em out!!
#TACOTUESDAY (on Wednesday)
that's still super weird 0.0 anywho, you have to try it!
You're so sweet! Doing my best and blogging about the good and bad, mostly good though:)
thank u baby
of course the storm clouds roll in right when im getting off work. boo!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Legal Research Librarian in a Denver, CO law firm! This position is responsible for providing…
is so 1993
Ditto...completely related RT : twitter has come to a halt #Emchat #overload?
More music-to-talk-on-FM happening as Cromwell prepares to flip Hot AC WPRT (102.5 The Party)/Nashville to Sports in the next few weeks.
these fans that are booing bobby v instead of the players are idiotic!!
has everyone received feedback yet or are you still working on them :)
Awesome! Maybe I'll start there. Thanks so much. Any other tips, I'm all ears.
sounds great!! Remind me how old your little one is
I'm coming out w/a diet. I got my coworkers on it already. It's really easy...the diet & to get ppl to do it.
Andy, Joey and Joe, and they're all acting like drunk fuckers. It's hilarious.
Watching Tom & Jerry:D
No heart attack from shoveling, yet.
Oh, u know my cousin?! “: When are you in LA next? DM me I have some ideas. Ask ”
where can I find info on the top feature phone developers in the U.S.? Seems to be a gap in market for feature phone devs?
that was supposed to be hot sauce
hey plz help me get to 2,000 followers so i can follow my new followers plz :-)
Happy Saturday. What kind of mischief are you guys getting into?
u r such and amazing person...I hope caitlin knows much of an amazing friend u r...don't ever let anyone tell u not <3
Thank you! Wish you could come with! RT : have a great time at #OMS12!
hey zayn.my day was great, how was yours :)
#AmishOutOfOrder is a wonderful show! Makes me smile and cry. Thanks, NatGeo!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Woodworking News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
you studying?
Michael is goin to Washington DC on tues & my gram just asked him if they were gonna ride the ferry out to see the statue of liberty..
he just left my house he is going home. Cause we r best friends
Jungle beats...Holla at me!! Lol
miss you too cody :) Night!!
he said ew she ugly why she got them poke a dot leggings on lmaoooo
saw you at bonnaroo twice, did you really do mushrooms and walk through the sonic forest?
It's pretty rare for me to find a discussion of Victorian poetry that doesn't merely assume its worth, is the thing.
We should give the Nobel Peace Prize to the person who figures out how to clap while holding a drink at a concert.
There's always that one little section of hair that never does what you want it to.
“: That awkward moment you're trying to get over someone you were never dating.” LOL! And u ask urself how did it become possible?
Don't ever tell me you think I'm losing my accent!!!! ...I will kick you. Shins & throat.
Edgy short film shot with up and coming director...
doesn't want to be my sister :'(
loving bow day :]
Finished with my panel on applied neuroscience. Now in "Contemporary Fictions."
RT : Between tonight and last night's Spirit Awards, I WANNA PUKE on HARVEY WEINSTEIN
RT : The more you praise & celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -Oprah
H8 THE SMELL OF NAIL POLISH WITH THE INTENSITY OF THE BURNING SUN.
Great, I'll wait to hear from you!
My dad said if you dress like me I would get mugged.. Thanks
I never nudge in real life. But online? You'd better believe I'll nudge. I'll nudge so fast your online head will spin.
is that a euphemism for something?
Ellis Henican rocking the social media panel at the
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
#FF our first #FF ever! Spread us out man thanks!
No, it was completely informal..... But I was surprised at how evenly the responses were.
Botched the party quest. When elf asks what you want to smuggle, you can't give him more later. Plus: I am now a experienced caster!
thanks bro! (:
12 away from 500! Thank you :)
so proud of our little bookworm!
#Trivia - Can you guess the one time of the year that is so safe to drive on a highway that no accidents have ever been recorded?
My library DJ name is 2AM because that's when I pop the lights and lock the doors.
Thanks to some great followers!
Dang, Rolf stole my line! The odds are 1 in a million. Now if you suggest partnering with a casino...
Like my friend said, Follow and #UWSMPHIC for info on #medicalmarijuana, #HPV, #rawmilk,
We provide safe storage during lunch other down times, but they sign a waiver making them responsible.
Charles McCabe~ Any clod can have the facts having opinions is an art.
I could have done that!! ;)
Lord may u bless us all thank u for this day amen. Nigga tried to kill my nigga yday.
What is your favorite LGBT non profit?
I'm getting ready to tape an Ah-mazing #AmericasNow show...think 30 minutes of Latin passion--dance, wine and a workplace with NO rules!
Hi Aaron. Please take a look at our line of Organic liquids. I think you will really like them!! Thank you!
i saw Paul Rudd is in it. interesting. i hope it is good. i wonder how much they'll mess with the music.
Ruby Red Squirt = Boss
Watching music videos all day!<3 fuck school!
My friend saw Ronnie from the shore at magic mountain!
Watching #Portlandia, trying to forget that today I learn how to give IV fluids to my cat. Oh yeah, that's gonna be fun.
Her site is amazing! www.kristeenlabrotevents.com
(not being offered within the parameters of my office though!)
I know this dude with the gun needs to step it up and get these kids together!
I'd say bring Mrs. Militia to the game and have an awesome celeration :)
Gay people are halarious!
FOLLOW. ME PLz :)
Thanks to everyone who came out to support GTO Blog at Shecky's tonight!
Good morning from Afghanistan. I forgot how good Isle of Q was. I wish they put out more tunes, but broke up in early 2000s.
Here's another reason to quit smoking: Nearly 1,000 people each year are killed in home fires caused by cigarettes. Put it out - every time.
haha, that's an awesome one. Without ever hearing it, I assumed more of a gin "s" so now I know too! What up for memorial wknd?
“: +1 RT : I just don't see how B. Kelly can stick with Rees this year. At least Golson can make a play.” +2.
But you know why I shouldn't be on fb anyway
No worries, I like Randle. Giants love their 3 WR sets.
I am so excvited for tonight's episode of Face Off!
Getting pizza with
Going to to see who wins our $250 !!!!!!
Procrastinating by tweeting rather than prepping for my mobile media talk on Wed.
Serious shoutout to Oberhofer for their tune "Away From You"... not a plug, but whoever's spinning at Sirius XM U is winning me over!!!
#Gemini has an amazing magical hold over lovers who fall to their intellectual skills. &enjoy the chase rather than the victory
#Thanksgiving madness is beginning! Who is #BlackFriday shopping? Think I'll avoid everything shopping related...
The detroit is packed tonight.. it's gonna be a sweaty show. Lots of love for the gza and wu tang.
you never know what could happen(:
Naveen Andrews was the first person I thought of. :-)
Who are you picking the Packers to pick in the draft? Cal guy wants to know.
my back has been killing me idk what going on imma have to get this checked out
superbugs and diseased meat. Schools feed kids this stuff daily. Scary stuff, yeah?
DM is not working
Life isn't like Burger King. YOU CAN'T ALWAYS HAVE IT YOUR WAY. -_- haha(:
& stop writing in caps. I feel like you're yelling at me.
90% of social media is just showing up. It's the other half that is hard.
yuck x 2772627228
Booking 2013 appearances for the reissue of Nowhere is a Place - kinda sad and exciting since I dedicated the book to my now deceased daddy.
#Nets teasing their fans on their website on their new logo and color scheme with the hash tag #hellobrooklyn. I wonder who inspired that?
Now if only the rest of the world would get it : "A record deal doesn't make u an artist; u make yourself an artist"Lady Gaga
Being barefoot in a bathroom is fuuuuucked up homie.
You're annoying me. Go play in traffic. <<<<
I've named them Sophie and Malcom (Mal for short) ^_^
- Great! Any help U can give HDSA-SD would be much appreciated. ;)
I wear hella hats....figuratively speaking.
I just told someone something and I havent even known them for a long time. But they don't seem to mind :)
had a fun and rewarding week working with the Mansfield Symphony and the fantastic people of the in !
Welp! Time for a new nalgene!
God I have so much thinking to do, nothing in life ever comes easy..
#NowPlaying - I'll Call Ya ;D
Nanners is asleep on my arm, :/ fat ass!! I can't move
Coming home today<3
mom:i gotta get a new ice pack Me:lay down bitch Mom:regan dont speak to me like that Me:shhh im the doctor
I hate people.
- I just switched over, high energy from the Monkeys, natch. :)
Any chance you are coming with Blue to a Tiger game this year? We would love to have you again!
because im always drinking his cum!
Let your family take you back to your original mind
Who's your choice ": DJ Devour on now"
“ I'm so sick of this stubborn, ungrateful bitches.”
In our weekly staff mtng. Of course is all that we are talking about. :)
Im a lil drunk on you, and high on summer time!
": well after thirteen hours of sleep maybe I'll feel like going out tonight. maybe 😒" i wish i could get this kind of sleep lol
Scotch eggs and Canada geese – service station brings nature to motorists
I'm going to watch it with #1 daughter :) She's amazing.
Perfect shabbat.Sermon: Rubashkin shanda.Baseball with family.Gorgeous day, then hailstorm, then rainbow with bracha, then pasta primavera.
na im lookin at the car i wana get cause its so sexy!!!
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there.
New trailer this coming Friday. February 24
hm sunny out! YAY :D
Lol u may havnt answered my Q bout those letters,but this tweet confirms that im right.Have a happy Easter Criss,God loves u.bri
This place is trying real hard to push my buttons. But guess what? I don't give a f*ck. I'm going to #LasVegas bitch!
First Thunderstorm
Except it is actually Sunday, so I guess I should choose cookies.
Gracias Thanks for the follow!
8 hours in a tree today. Now I remember why I stopped doing this 3x a week
Thanks so much, Becks!
schools fuckin dead!
But of course! I see an afternoon of baking in our future
follow me bak!
Thanks, I'll add you to the list! (Yay, Louise :)
I just noticed that doing your laundry teaches you how to be racist. O_o
Missed our best offers of the year? We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
You cray!! is a boss biatch!!!!!
I just wanna run, throw it away.
To writers out there: "A work is never finished, only abandoned in despair." -- at Writers in Paradise conference...
I love me some indie flicks. But I'm watching one that I'm having a hard time finding something nice to say about it.
Selina told me to find you and say hi - I'm here at
? wat sorry to bud in but what my friend is gonna go crazy
Oh what a great tweet! I am thanks. Hope you are as well!
Hello Sweetie Pie! Aren't you cute!! Thanks for following me. I followed you right back too! Purrs.
Book your limo now, spots are filling up fast
Yea i know really to hot today
can't wait Andy ..it's been a while and tired of reruns lol!..
And the #Brewers end that inning with nothing. Still down 6-2.
swag life.
Does anyone kno who goose Tatum is the old basketball player
of course people are nice to you ! You're the hottest girl on the planet , nevermind the plane !
Re: carpool: We didn't get to know each other that well, but maybe after a few more trips to the pool!
Confused can be gud I guess. Let's see how this story goes.
the garden was built in the 30s by RHS Japanese students, destroyed in the 40s during WW2, and rebuilt in 95/96 by RHS students
RT "The Black Eyed Peas are so very tiresome." - Did they ever get it started?
Time for a beer.
did you do it yet?
OOKK. imma not gonna go there wit u tonight
Wondering why the 75 year old grandpa in front of me on the train is reading a book titled Sexual Abuse.
It's completely understandable why the Steelers are losing. I hope they win. They would definitely rough up New England.
at this point I'm hooked to you O.O
Consumer versions are targeted for release in 2013. Industrial / Defense / Development Units in Q3 of 2012
cuz i just love it there :D
CONGRATS GIRL!!! LOVE YOU SO MUCH. YOU GUYS DESERVED IT!
Subs at cane ridge... smh
Time for a little two man band practice today. Working on new tunes and getting some band business done.
Awww I miss you too! I haven't seen you guys in forever!!!
#lessambitiousmovies apocalypse later
good luck with that homie!!!
announces ultimate education site coming in less than 60 days. W.wekidgaming.com. Family friendly, educational and engaged
what's your favorite hobby?
“: Have #Canucks fans taken the top spot over #MapleLeafs and #Packer fans as the most annoying in the biz?” win something MN
when did they announce this?
Eric Benet 'The One' Album: Singer Shares Story Behind Working With Lil Wayne
You get a free meal at chickfila if you come dressed as a cow. So get a move on.
Ha. Right!! LIke that idea! :)
you know you have problems when you can't pack for a week in an obnoxiously big soccer duffle bag
Thank you for guessing!!
Sorry and ": Oh, your email address is ? You're so modern.”
awesome to see you here. Thanks for following me!
": Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!! ". I'm late!
Ok give me your predictions for Top 3 on #DragRace ... and who you think is going all the way?? In related news...
Omg bank of america sent me aa replacement debit card and it's NOT Hello Kitty! THIS IS NOT OKAY.
basically, sunday. i send you an email.
if i work by myself il cry....
On the fool crying laughing at
Thank You and God Bless U in 2012!
Frogger originally had another name -- what was it?
Happy New Year! Hoping it is a safe night for everyone.
Three more employers have signed onto Well City Milwaukee as Phase 2 charter employers. Stay tuned for more.
What's the difference between a mephistophelean bargain and a faustian bargain? Nothing?
Dang, dont want to get ahead of myself, but Chaya's got the early lead... going to be hard to beat this miso for sure!
I got stood up by my man on the boat. I just can't complete with the boat. I need to get my own boat and we'll see about that.
Translated a portion of a sermon by Martin Niemöller for today.
glad you caught that! ;0) Confused me as well. Catch you in Jan.
What a screwed up day. No quorum.
ahh Cole Porter!
It was great to get off the trail long enough to shoot down to Mortons Gap to wish Mayor Stafford a happy birthday.
"I like all music except country." -Someone who doesn't know a lot about a lot of things.
It is burning up on me like laser lights this sun
I'm working towards having my work be my full time work so I can be more happy. Its tough work, working towards this goal.
Love my Bobbe
We want you… trade to the
you gotta try "33" and "Disarm"
Judging from the skype call the yobi team came across as easy to work with and cool. I cant wait to meet them.
Trixie just caught her second mouse in less than twenty minutes. Not sure if that is good or bad.
Richwine takes commanding lead in commissioners race against tea party's McCartney.
*waving back* thx for coming! -CV
Wait. This show is next Monday, right? RT : Racebanon with when Dinos rules the earth tonight!
I miss the regulars, like the lady who called about Applebees charging her $2 extra to sub a side in her 2-for-$20 meal.
my event is in Las Vegas/blue sky yoga become an ambassador at yogaaid.com/usa
What you feed gets bigger. Are you feeding negative thoughts? Or are you feeding love, joy, and peace?
Bed time. My back is killing me! 2 week of school left, scheduling tomorrow. Finally going to take AP classes that I should be in.
thks for following!!
Whitney was a great inspiration to everyone at Eastsport. RIP, sorry for being late
"Nowadays we confuse physical touch with sexual harassment." -Juan on the need for real connections in a online world
ya'll should check out club rain fri. june 18 1st ever famous friday hosted by money in da bank free cover
": I love the way you lie... JK, lie to me again & I’ll throw a chair at your face."
What do u call two Mexicans playing basketball with each other?
Combat #PTSD is confusing for children. They mistake the love-fear emotions toward a parent as something "wrong" with themselves
ya so I do know you kinda lol.. Maybe heard of not know haha. Ya Will is hilarious
The music really makes the video. I'm laughing. "It's in the alley...because we keep it ghetto."
hey lady, got a book for you! I will bring it Sunday.
RT : Currently beginning to get college fantasy football league set up. It's on.
A talent-ready organization has the human capital infrastructure in place to make sure the right people have the right skills in the right …
2 more months then it's off to Puerto Rico to marry the love of my life!
oh thanks man. How sweet.
Shannon, I can't access the chat
Kinda creepy: Apple App Store reviewer's Facebook test account discoveredhttp: ://t.co/zmdDKi6j by
Perfect day for the Baseball Championship at Camden Yards! Come see Poly battle Digital Harbor! First Pitch 205! No Cost
Two sweet sessions at White Hall...200 ladies singing to Jesus. So beautiful!
(1/2) Have you seen the documentary on them? Called loudQUIETloud. Can't recommend it enough. Amazing how...
true story
i hate guys !
now to start preparing for the practise dinner party :)
should we take responsibility for our own health and stop blaming it on doctors, lawyers, soda companies and the like??. OF COURSE!!
Thank you so much for your comment about my book being helpful to you as a classroom teacher. I so appreciate that!
s/o to for always being there for me & being one of the most amazing & prettiest people i know. love you!!
I do I do! What do you need? A friend of mine did Meg and Dom's wedding photos.
Bout to hit this gym on a Saturday gotta start my day right !!!
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Long tongues
Henry Blanco has some ugly tribal tattoos on his arms. Probably why he grounded out.
Who the fuck calls someone at 3:30 in the morning, to discuss emotions... oh that's right does
#HowToPissAFemaleOff- when guys don't stand up for their girl, Why does it seem like I have more balls than you in this relationship..
We'll see you at the screening tonight!
Laziest Friday night.
Reminding myself to be thankful. He gives, He takes, He blesses with both. Easy to say, hard to accept.
Make cups
Hey guys! I've been camping out at Assembly Hall since this morning to get into tonight's game.
BLOCK PARTY today @ 12! FREE FOOD, inflatables, bball, pingpong, hotdog eating contest! Come eat, play, meet new people! 15th & University.
It was a moisture farm!
Seeing my first grade teacher who also goes to my church at BW3s
We are on fb too! www.facebook.com/sperantsa
#NowPlaying Finding Dick Oatts "Two Hearts" a CD I keep coming back to. Standards played in a way that they sound fresh, a point of view.
There's such a thing as a bacon shake? I think it would actually be grosser if it DID contain bacon.
Eek! The "to do" list for re-opening the Wickersham House Museum is getting longer. Fortunately, so are the days!
well "the belltown pub" is better than just any 'ol Belltown pub, so that seems good.
RT : An #Aquarius will listen to everyone's advice, but in the end, they follows no one and just do it the way they want
How do you spend your time? Do you "look" like wealth or are you "building" wealth?
Join us for Storytime at the Tutt Branch on January 25th at 10:30am for children 5 and younger. Call 282-4637 for more information.
hey pimpin is your rap name X Da Don?
This is why Cubs didn't spend money on big-name free agent!
oh... But yeah, i'd most likely be out of school... You should fly me to boston. Haha :P
Huh, wonder why none of the libraries that start with "K" have sent in their E-Rate forms. Some kind of selective protest?
They make a gold color nickel. Pretty cool looking. Won't raise the value of the dollar tho.
can you guys come visit?? :)
RT : Floyd Maywether Hope U Watched LIN hit the Gamewinning 3 With .005 Seconds Left.Our Guy Can BALL PLAIN AND SIMPLE.RECOGNIZE!
oops, I spent most of today working on something not due for a few days, instead of the stuff I need to finish before leaving today...
Just so ny condon is the crack spot;
Holy crap, just submitted my application to grad school!
Happy Holidays. My 3yr old wants to know why the Grinch did not get "time out"
i dont have your number
Oh well heading 2 bed...crazy day tomorrow
I've been good my dear-just workin hard on a couple of projects and staying hater-free LOL
Having a simple convo with friends-boils down to a simple question that no1 the answer to...FkIT ask Siri lmao
Cheers! Happy Labor Day!!!
LG to de WERL!!!! **tee hee** LED "Life is Good" for real yow! Had no idea that's wat it stood for...bet da CEO is cool as HELL! lol
RT : My girlfriend's sleepy voice is absolutely adorable :) #ILoveHer // aw ! Heehee (:
Where are they going to now/where did they come from?
We had a great time at The Press Room. There was a lot of good engery in the place. The stage was full of great talent.
ah, finally home from work, no kids, no wife around...oh yeah, SLEEP!!!
I can not WAIT to hear that!!!
okay cool:)
the makings of a christmas card....
Ambition is Cool, Accomplishments are Better
Im retype that tweet.
I voted for all the including , , seabrook, and crawford haha
LMFAO i just died
Did I introduce you to Macklemore? Don't think so. Cool you found him and thought of me.
Shop with a mobile app. Making e-commerce simple
Thanks! It'll be focused on music and culture. We're in the pre-production stages now.
We will all live/sleep vicariously through unless we all tweet and wake her azz$$ up ;) or she puts us on silent!
Holiday drinks at Starbucks and then straight to bed!
I use it to transcribe interviews. Great to be able to embed the audio and then have it come up with full text searches
Harney and Sons hot cinnamon spice tea best. tea. ever.
HEY, new "Lincoln MKS"! NOW it doesn't get terribly "interesting". NOW it gets "oldish". At LEAST get in bed with your demographic, bitches.
Khadim's name is on it!
I might like that better!! Sadly, the preview is very much NOT awkward, teen, outsider!Poe. To my sadness!
Do you know how bad I want to play #trueamerican??
One pump chump
I don't feel like doing this work.. Ugh.. Why do finals even have to exist?!
I think some of the mess is the blurring between professional & personal. Reporters as own brand & the orgs brand = messy
I like Macbeth for the dark magic and intrigue. I saw it at the Globe and the actors were covered in blood and dirt.
hey, Tom, did you get my email?
morning lol its true piss me off #Pisces and i literally bite back. i bite my sisters
fan appreciation night was good, except for Giguere. lost 6-1. Oh well. Still got to see the in person for the 1st time!
It is easy to do business with us just email or call us and buy with confidence. Paypal accepted.
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made Of, wow, she's brilliant. she's the only teenage disney stay that wasn't ruined. she's gotta me a come back.
RT : i just auditioned for wu tang clan. can't wait to hear back! // this proves my friends are the coolest people ever.
And a solid all night grind in 8 game and then ridic hot PLO sesh, I end up in familiar territory, tilted out of mind from Joiso and 08...
too much dancing, not enough running.
It's on today: slow-braised lamb with sweet red peppers, onions and feta... yes, thinking of you. Love to serve you; ride on over.
Sketching out a painting for a large painting i'll be doing at an event Saturday night
: I MISS YOU DOG CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU HOMMIE GOD BLESS HAVE A SAFE TRIP BACK...
I've recently taken a liking to techno dance music, which odd since I don't dance.
just wanted to tell you that , and I are waiting for a follow back ._.
Ping.fm not posting today. Prolly just as well b/c I'm really annoyed.
#welovebruno #welovebruno made another account just for this !!
LOL his love like woe style? because I think he's sound great either way. His OLD OLD style is great with his untrained voice
LMAO! Damn those boys were hot! We gotta up our game. Drooling in the corner of an elevator isn't gonna get us anywhere!
Happy Wednesday!!!!
#Medeco. Yes. I'll put together the questions, with answers, and post them in the next couple of days.
i have a pretty birthday cakee :D
What did you think? #Pariah movie
Dang it the whole thing? Oh! Evan is like Spencer my nephew guess what he did ?
who's using sm's account?
We'd love to do a show there!
totally missing speech to work on Odyssey.
I'm signing off - thanks for all your wonderful questions - would love to do another #ESHealthChat again soon! Happy Good Friday! - Becky
Make sure you check out www.954hiphop.com + www.561movement.com
:) RT : ...just can't wait to get on the train again... the life I love is building companies with my friends...
#Tangled is officially my favorite movie, it's cute, funny, sad, cute, funny lol & that little chameleon is effin adorable <3 (: haha
Hopin' I'm lookin' like a cougar when I'm older and have kids.
« #MiddleSchoolMemories meeting at the bus stop!!» Hell yea lol
well..is everything okay?
We love baseball! That David Freese game winning homer in game six of the World Series was amazing!
Lastly, thanks for being honest about your Prufrock-hawk.
I voted the 25 times that I could! :)
RT : A girls emotions is something that is not to be fucked with.
Heading to Da Drop to celebrate my B-Day. Leaving at 11pm ......See u there.......
When my doubts and insecurities get the best of me, hold me close and don't let go.
Pirozhki or Pear Salad?Birch tree or Cranberry,Apple,Pineapple,Orange & Tomato juice.👉🍴🍻our menu 4 great lunch options!
Textbook double play from the #Cubs getting the Cubs fans excited!
but she would put ur elbow right back until i finally turned around and was lik... 0_0 LiL GIRL!!!!
If you have ever tried an authentic French baguette you will be on your way to understanding their nation's obsession.
Hi i m new in twitter...i need followers....will u plz follow me....n u r really beautiful n i wil b glad if u follow me...
A common #beauty myth: Dry skin causes wrinkles....Not true. Most wrinkles r caused from the sun. Protect your #skin w/sunblock!
3 ppl stayed home from BV today
Congratulations - I'm sure you'll have fun. What days will you be working typically?
Not sure. How long ago?
Good Morning! Have you made your hair appointment? If not, you should call us 901-794-0553
She is gorgeous!
Packing up way too soon. And I didn't even get to use the bed!
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
Plenty going on at the studio today. Coffee's up!
Philly is not that good of a team. WTF
The sister is moving into her own apartment with the nephew today. It's her first place she's rented on her own. I'm excited for her.
They dont have a twitter
that youre too beautiful and twitter doesnt want you to get hate from insecure bitches lulszsz
Saw #thechosen at the tandem theater last week. Great play ... Go see it !
If you keep your cat indoors it's whole life, what kind of stories will it have to tell it's grand kids?
What's that I hear? Let's go Naptown!!!
Just finished a great interview w/ Lisa Renner at !
LOVE hearing on taking about and !
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
Spending the day applying for jobs far far away...
Apparently, drunkenness features time distortion.
Heat take the lead ❤❤
Share your pics as you Dine Out for Life today! RT : Don't forget to take photos of yourself out at
What is your favorite family-friendly activity in Central Florida?
Call me maybe
He probably works for the government.
We'll be waiting with your caffeine fix!
What are you doin? Come to for holiday gift ideas, free food & cocktails and fab giveaways www.twtvite.com/mmsholiday
Can't wait for season 2 tonight!
Damn Chicago Y did D.Rose's knee have to do dat????
I may not be perfect, but atleast im not fake.
los angeles.
Just got a 7 cent residual check for an Internet rental. They even took out 3 cents 4 taxes.
Work hard & be kind. Be really, truly kind.
well thanks for saying that it was your pleasure thanks
terrible. So terrible
Me and my bleeding whiteboard in my last show would like to disagree just a little.
Looking for spinal neurosurgeon in Tampa Bay or Florida, can anyone recommend someone?
I introduce to you my political machine, the Box Project. Getting money out politics with nudity!
lol, oh, i thought you meant Rukstele's
Salty it's not Stevie? For me it was between Hart and Parker. Plays EXACTLY the d-mid position England's been missing for SO long
We're just proud #BSOS can host incredible events like the #SadatForum! Glad you made it out!
anyone else? Will this interfere with regular season play potentially? I'm excited for them though!
PCH has the most beautiful coastline views on a clear day than any other place in the world except for the French Riviera!
you have known thiss! stay home and get drunk with me
Thanks for the #followfriday !
he said what's yo name on here , && I typed yo name.
I wonder in next election, a new presidental candidate will emerge from Got influence and donation backing!
I believe it!
Theory: for art, being novel is a shortcut to having worth.
Awesome, thanks! Sorry to bring up painful FLL memories. *shaking fist*
No worries! We'd love to have you at a future event make sure to join the group for meetup updates!
Dumb throw Ramos! Haha! C'mon #Cubs, make something happen!!!
I got to pick the new keg for our kegerator today. I choose Big Bark! Woot!
Me and matt got all types of ditched tonight.. At least we have each other
Excuse me, ladies. I have a couple business matters to attend to. Sweet dreams. Laters, baby
on my 3rd bottle of water , i was dehyrated or some damn
We were all screaming like idiots. In a good way of course. But yeah ...WOW.
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I am in a fabulous mood this morning...Landing in the beauitful Dominican Republic in less than 3 hours...
picture me rolling
All Apple fans click here! www.appletekguru.com
Not true. The Kimchi Taco Truck is frequently parked next to a building
what is you doing bitch.
I think Kevin Durant might be the best player in the league!
Apparently "gamification" of applications is the wave of the future.
RT : Is this a gym or a fitness museum?
just fire spitting, breh
Catch my mixes tonight from 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
thanks to for following me!!!!! <3
Im saying!They still gotta chance tho
I'm going to start bitching at someone if this doesn't trend. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
you just got 700 followers in 2 minutes. New kid knows the cool kids. Def prom queen this year. ;)
lol well we had Austin,Alex,Robert,Zach,Tyler....all the other hot youtubers...:$ Texas is big;) we got the hotties
best of luck to you!! Thanks for using ShowClix & have an amazing time !!
I want some Red Lobster!
PLEASE HELP ME BY GIVING ME SHOUT OUTS I JUST NEED 7 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH 100 PLEASE!!!!!
Thank you and I will go ham on for that! Lol
it's just I HATE bugs. U don't get it SMH
Thank you so much for the compliment! We are working hard to get great, free programs and classes to the public!
Thank u
hanging leg raises :D
Oh wow! Ms. Cooper the last of the true classy broads! How can you not kiss her feet before sticking your fingers in her hair?
That's just plain white coach. Big white coach is the other one.
I would really appreciate a follow back to get me started on here!!!!!
"Awards" program should be a fun kick-off for breakfast series - Glad to be in the audience!
don't wake me up if i'm sleeping this life away.
Keep your brain well trained on www.cognifit.com/
Watching 13 Assassins. Good stuff.
EDC, how I want to be there. Hope everyone, including my friends have a great time! Can't wait till Im able to attend
Thank you!! It seems to have worked thus far....brilliant :)
your mom goes to college
Oh me? Nothing much, just documentary-ing
Cut a tree down today in my backyard, and ended up destroying my backyard lightpole when it fell on it. I guess I better stick to my day job
At the Rose Quarter this morning -- the delayed vote on where to build a baseball stadium for the Beavers. Your thoughts on the issue?
Well lookie here, you made a rhyme!! :)
Now's your chance to jump start your #workouts and save! Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
RT at Morikami Museum & Japanese Gardens, woman says to another, "It looks like a lot of stuff in here is Japanese."
#2012NBAPlayoffs = #76ers Stole Homecourt From #Celtics In A Dog-Fight Game And Tie Series Up * #OKC Destroy The #Lakers In Game 1 *
It's true. ... like that little brother you can't wait to give a noogie.
#onlyskinnyppl wear the new jack city box cut wit the wiz khalifa dye job
fuck that! It was hell! At least I had it with Michael lol
Seems like its #quote night. bring it
ik but he's locked up now
Why am I so damn sleepy
Good half Nuggs!!! Gotta come out strong this half for once!
Did you include Autism as part of the plan?
As many times yu put it das how much u gettin beat tf up!
Go Bobcats, mrowwwww. Do you know what the gist of the snub was?
Doing shots on the train
Daylight Saving Time discriminates against vampires.
If you are interested in community service, come out to the Community Service Programs and Events joint meeting tonight at 7pm at GWUL.
#NW bad girls club reunion pt2
As many lows there is in life, u deserve to be high...
I swear if a bunt shows up this inning, I'm lighting something on fire!
With my bitcchhhh
Now that my headache is gone... it's a fine day to put together a big metal shed for the backyard!
Uh oh, Pats may take a guy Browns want.
Tired...ready for that sunday nap
Watch out for my new single "Makin Love" Soon to be available for download.
2011 Richmond Folk Festival starts 2nite! #RFF Enjoy variety of American culture thru music, dance, traditional crafts, storytelling & food
Thanks Dan! MT “: RI too! "#1 issue in CT economy is #college grads & workforce alignment." #engaged””
G Blood presents white paper for digital video preservation - what I came to #AMIA11 hoping for!
looking to get some large oversize prints made, mounted on foamcore in seattle, suggestions?
Google is doing much more for #accessibility. It's good for all users of Google products across devices
Just got back from williamsburg Im there twice a week my favorite place for happy hour!
Once files in the sys most ppl deal w/ the lower res derivates, so smaller. Ppl are successfully using RS for large video archives.
Inspiring under-the-radar book - In the Sea There are Crocodiles by Geda, based on a true story of a boy fleeing the Taliban.
My mother has an expensive Nikon camera but is taking photos of DC with her iPhone...?!?
School of the Arts dancers made me want to start dancing proffessional like that
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope it's a good one(:
Buckets!! #werk RT dropped 57 pts on the Bobcats.That's more pts than Illinois scored against Wisconsin today
" If we are waiting for others to improve before we cease being offended, we will be waiting forever."~J.J.Dewey
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Hi Edward. What are you trying to build? Ruby and PHP can both run simultaneously, but you can't combine both.
thanks for the RT
I was waiting for that. Hit send to fast. You know how we be doing it in the 731! HAHAHAHAHA
can you help my friends and i shoot a hoe with your nerfgun. ? PLEASE
not sarcasm. I do like it except when I have to go drive
My mom's G grandfather on her dad's side was John Lambert. Her GG grandfather on her mom's side was...John Lambert.
A person can only take so much. :/
I've listened to Girls Gone Wild...20 times in days....
#10ThingsIWantToHappen Paul Wesley to appear at my front door (or in bed preferably)
Sent out a marketing piece yesterday and heard from three past clients in two hours. People just need to be reminded sometimes...
I wish I would've gone to school today.
Too Turnt Up...
YOU are seriously a stage FIVE creep!!! but that's okay, I still love you...
Lied too once again
thanks for the read... I've got a week to finish any work for my exhibition and I'll be needing this strategy!
hey T... I have been good. Just working and grinding on the music tip... Ill be at CCA on May 5th.. Will you be there?
Finally someone who will fully enjoy me in the sack! RT All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
your welcome were happy to follow fellow tweeters
$BPAC making moves!
Get a holla to the #303 ! Nothing better than the state of Colorado!
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore : Heinrich Heine says "When words leave off, music begins." -check out the music
AD 65: Nero goes apeshit and proceeds to wild out and act a fool.
There are some pretty big storms in the forecast. Maybe an erg workout or erg relay with your crew tonight?
u best go nigga
Country music singer Martina McBride will reportedly sing the national anthem at the Indy 500 on May 27.
I'm beginning to feel like a true
#youth justice attygenrl holder presents to ntl forum to prevent youth violence. 6cities 6 efforts. Stay tuned
It's a meeting at a home. We're waiting on someone to show. No other work to be done.
An animal`s right to the pursuit of happiness - 동아일보
Check out skullmanrecords.com for a discography and examples of Newman's vast catalogue
can't wait to see you in dallas monday!!!
RT : Have a great sunny weekend
"Oh just come to Canada, you make me so happy." - 's Mom
I don't feel so bad now lol
Oh, will be at #Crunchies don't you worry. Travel bug in me is jealous of MTV trip though
Happy Mother's Day! We'll see you at 11am for brunch & coffee.
“: Wait when is Z going to London? Like i need to go see her. Even tho I don't live there.” uh you live in la rotf
Congrats on winning a free copy of COUNTRY OF THE BAD WOLFES from CPP! DM your name/address. Enjoy & thanks for playing!
Amazing Q&A with screenwriter David Seidler last night. He inspired me and also provided a kick in the ass.
: no one can fire up a crowd like Sen Franken
If I had my way, I would not have hiccups that feel like esophageal earthquakes. But that's just me.
Ryan Reynolds is a babe.
I'm not saying she should've been handcuffed/arrested, but that report doesn't mention she struck a teacher. What 6 y/o does that?!
U.S. Under-23 Men vs. El Salvador Under-23 Men, 8pm I believe we get this match. I will update if need be.
Excited to have on board as our first event sponsor for Corks n' Forks this October! Stay tuned for more details :)
Hi! Im good! RT : Hello how are you
Live TV from Richmond VA rally. Best w/ NBC12 chatterboxes on mute. Love the diverse crowd. Team America , not the 1%.
And i have this feeling in my stomach. A feeling i cant explain, not talking to you. oh boy you dont even know the pain . /:
Nope, I don't smoke so there are two of us on this boat
Yup. Just gotta watch him fail and maybe eventually figure it out sometimes :)
lord i aint try to be messy but ur little trade so sexy
Great convo - looking forward to seeing you soon! RT : Always a treat to talk w the smart & savvy ! :)
today is a very sad day lets keep in mind all the people that tragicly lost thier lives 10 years ago today may they Rest In Peace <3
Do you love me because I am beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me? ---Oscar Hammerstein II In Cinderella.
? Yankees get a homerun off a fan interference
Nice work, we're impressed RT : Whoever tells you that you can't do everfi in one day lacks
love me some Grohl & Josh projects! btw, do you follow ? Any friend of Foo that's also a Packer fan is incredible.
Scored a booth from the set of the cee-lo, forget you vid. Dining room gonna look sick
Here we go!
Shakespeare is now huge in AsIA!!! They LOVE him there now!!! China, Thailand, Singapore, Japan... Now that is the test of a true writer!!!
Loe gets the. Ground ball
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Why not learn your legal rights BEFORE you take a major life step like marriage, divorce or having a child?
Some of the latest research indicates that the presentation needs to be fun in order to be engaging.
Love this. used to live right there: Bring #Craftboston ticket to SAC's galleries at 175 Newbury St-receive 10% off thru 5/31!
nice toss, yummy
How would you recommend the Yahoo Board of Directors best demonstrate "heroic leadership" in this crucial period?
RT Congratulations to , Zeppos & Associates' newest account executive!
Awesome RT: We are so excited for Steppin' Up tomorrow! We are getting all set up. Can't wait to see you there !
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3
MT : Today is Queer Youth Advocacy Day in Sacramento! Proud to partner with for safe schools & equality!
Oh, I did—I just don't see it happening. Then again, I didn't see McCain–Palin, either, so...
no fuck you guys.
hey titface. come over
almost finals time!
I thank God for Benadryl...that's the only way my son would fall asleep last night.
Purpose of reading impacts the medium "I would never use paper for research" -Tenopir
thanks and I understand what you r trying to type!
I genuinely hate fucking everyone and everything.
fill one out if you're so confident
Take away the cubicles to increase collaboration and productivity in your company.
Not necessarily. Australia could still land Expo 2017, which would only be a 29 year gap.
This last week was the best week in sports, I can ever remember, I really hope this continues!!!
Saw for a 2nd time, I enjoyed it just as much as I did the first time. Great job
make it happen
when I have to study
Driving back from UK with mom and dad, it was really cool!!!!
Lose an hour weekend. Bummer.
Thanks so much, Michael. It was a pretty big honor!
The TV part of triple play needs to be dropped or completely turned over to ISP to run over community networks
shh. She's not going to be surprised now.
Hearing "Cooper track meet at Walton" and laughing (:
No, Shanequa and Timothy are not here you have the wrong number omfg stop calling me once a week
So bored. Wanna chat up a storm?
Aren't all giftsfree? Not-free gifts: dogs, 20% off coupons, email lists that post 200 times, gym memberships, singing cards
I'm not excited about the new Spider-Man. I'll see it, of course, but I'm not counting down the days.
Good leaders are made not born. If you have the desire and willpower, you can become an effective leader.
wait... did you just coin term "sheroes"? Never heard it but kinda love it!
Thanks for all the love!
Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. Look us up on the web or call us @ 619-562-5848
Thanks very much.
Hey! Just wanna say hey! Big MWC fan of yours! Ever in Chicago...stop in my bar.. the booze cold for ya..!
When Paulina licks Maria cookies and sticks them on her face >>>>>>>
Just completed paperwork on the next booking. Castings are rolling out.
that sucks
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
LUV U GUYS VICTORIOUS!!!
Water with a packet of - loaded w/ C and B's - Amazing results. I drink one a day for maintenance & 3 when I travel.
but mostly me💙 but I have a feeling that won't happen. We're never on at the same time 💔
hey i loved your in the hunger games, you were really cool. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
I know it takes 3 hours to watch it, so watching it three times is a full work shift, minus lunch.
GREAT to get an instal photo from a happy client, means everything arrived *fine*, everyone is *happy*—two huge key components to success!
Just felt a small earthquake here at work...not California-sized, but definitely unusual for DC!
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
am I the only one who thinks its absolutely bizarre when people make Facebooks for their pets???
Amanda of AR will be singing tonight at the Red Wings Game! God Bless the USA btw 2&3period!
The letter lately received naturally suggested the topic.
Good move. He can start if needed and makes a very reliable backup when/if they bring someone else in.
It's in the 40's outside and it's freezing in school, why are girls wearing shorts...
Brew up some iced tea for summer! Come try our new flavors: Plum and Pear Green Tea, Mango Passion Fruit Rooibos and Red Fruits Black Tea
Not yet, but I'm excited to try them when I do my spring/summer shopping!
Has anyone else noticed that most older hispanic have a belly?? Lol fatass nigga need to go some where with this singing
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 tonight at PCH! Lesson with Rob and Arlette. DJ Rob! Drop-ins are welcome for Beg/Int Charleston at 7 :)
Headin to the Laker game...BOX SEATS BABY!!!
Please share the link RT Reading quotes from in WHIR article today on Hosting customer support
“: will gladly unfollow anyone who goes to the hinder show next week....” Ditto.
James Durbin is my fave too! He's got such a powerful voice and, wow, what a range! I'm a sucker for a dynamic rocker!
Feel free to stop by whenever. That goes for all my OG's. Mid-Evenings are free for me every night. Friday nights, too.
Win 2 COURTSIDE Seats - BULLS vs. HEAT - 3/14/2012. Redeem a Bartab drink at any Bar 1 Events Venue to enter to WIN!!!!
Thanks for the RT
Happy belated birthday!
Just got out the tub.
First day off and only spent 20 minutes on the couch watching TV. Being unemployed is busy work. And those 20 minutes were The Chew. Ugh...
Well, my decision is made.
speed doesn't come overnight. practice guys!
dude, i agree. we want to see the real stars in the dunk contest. not shannon brown and nate robinson for the 4th time.
Confession #5: I'M SINGING "JUST A DREAM" by Nelly. RIGHT NOW.<3 And I recorded it................
Next stop, the homeless shelter. 2012 has just been so fucking awesome!
Genius. RT : Finally! TerraNova is on!!!!
I'm here now and think it would be better to tell them over the phone.
Nobody fouled anybody???
Certainly. Is a good sign he's getting old and losing touch/his touch. Weiner again and symbolism.
I went to see footloose with my parents. we should still go see it because i loved it lol. :)
..your "dreaming" if u think ur better at math than an AN.....BAZINGA
Denver has missed you!
just getting ready for church Happy Easter
THAT IS BOLOGNA between two slices of white bread. i am shocked she even said that !
I miss talking to like everyday omg :(
I Love Impact Church, thanks for the follow!
its not my fault..facts is facts
Ur the reason I smile when I wake up
Nasty Boy Knobs said Hi ..LOL
love this song
Follow for surreal stories about LA.
was it you that shoved me in a locker?
& I are working on our side project dream, to support #struggling #children & #families thru #education & more!
I really think working out and being in shape makes ppl happy
following done
Today is The Militant's 3-year anniversary on Twitter! Ain't no foolin'!
Happy Birthday to the greatest of fake news geniuses Jon Stewart! We're sending over to jump out of your cake.
IS ANYBODY GOING TO THE CHICAGO 1D CONCERT THATS GUNNA TRY AND GET WRISTBANDS WEDNESDAY? ~15days<3x~
yes! it is awful here! we were the only ones like in our area north and south that did have school. everyone was bitching. :P
Merry Christmas Gab:)!
“: If you flick your nipple, it takes 7 seconds to get hard.” people that know me understand. Hahaha.
Imma get me a professional message before I turn 23
Thanks for the RTs! >
We lost last night. Ex Los Angeles Lakers Sean Rooks is playing on Tuesday. Also we are waiting for ex NBA Player Jeff Trepagnier
Studying for chemistry and tweeting
I think that is great! :) If you follow me back, I can send you a DM!
Only one Answer! rel to sexy tweetsFollow back me
not at the production sig?
So basically pennies. But I guess 35k was probably pennies for Big Baby.
unless, of course, that was part of the joke... in that case, I retract my statement. And I am an idiot. Bahaha.
RT "Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment." - Lao Tsu
Happy 1st day of fall term! A special welcome to EnTec students setting foot in a classroom for the first time in yrs. Carpe Diem!
RT : Somebody said Chris bosh looks like a gay giraffe hahahahaahahahahahaahahaha (You are better than this.)
where the gang at?
Oh, had a facial in the Philippines by a doctor, everyone else was getting one and insisted. Strange, lol.
Tuesday: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE (2 songs). Must bring @ least 1 paying guest. $15
I was just asked "are you losing weight?"...oh this gym and low carb combo better be working!
..Dysfunction sets in when you seek your self in it and mistake it for who you are.” Eckhart Tolle
miss you to princess
One lane. one lane out of FIVE open for bridge work on the OTHER SIDE OF 95.
The awkward moment when you throw something at your friend and it hits someone else.
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
Aubeni showed all late and stopped he hole class lol
I love my simple tablet but it fails to let me follow new people easily.
WHOA WE'RE HALFWAY THE-YARE
The only book character that I really wanted Alex Pettyfer to play was Jace :P
Don't try to silence my words with your lies.
I second Gianti, you are all so wonderful and I'd love to meet each and every one of you :) (especially you Gianti!) -Caitlin x
If you're doing one thing at a time, you're probably bored.
What the fuck does "I am. A ____'s printed round t-shirt" even mean?
Thanks for the great thought for leaders: "Want to be a better listener? Be less selfish and more curious."
i think that may be something u can download from your pc vendor if u don't have orig disks
Off to the pool, then to the pub.
it was so amazing ! ;D like no joke I loved it !! (:
I can't wait to see my supportive bf next Friday. And the beach <3
alas! i've already fallen off the wagon of #noemailday today. will try to keep to the spirit of the day tho.
just revoke facebook to post my tweets lol
oh ok lol I got blackberry phone.
Lmao RT : What if Floyd get knocked out in the first round?
omg that is so sad
You should know that this love is unconditional!
Giants suck!
sure no prob
My vet too! Best vet's office ever :-)
Whos down to kick it?
I want food, and i want Pie!! NOW!!
That awkward moment when a picture of my backside is on the Boston Youth Fund website....
Proud to be a Badger RT UW ranks 27th in worldwide reputation, says
Looking for a rideto work for bike to work week? Let us do the pedaling: call 414-272-ride for a pick-up!
Losing the battle doesn't mean you've lost the war and winning the battle doesn't mean you've won the war.
thanks! I got the idea seeing someone read an actual book on the train this morning. It was like sighting an endangered species.
i hope she'll be ok.<3
"the dune bug is tight"-
that's okay :) you can do it when your off your phone ! What ya up to?
According to Adam Schefter, the punishment for the Saints players will be announced today.
& Brittany ,what type of dancing is your fav?Alexis,How did u become a model?😄
NIGGAZ SEE ME IN DA STREETS AND SALUTE ME LIKE A GENERAL
Thank you to my friend Vietnam Vet "Doc," recipient of Silver Star, Bronze medal, Purple Heart, and other meritorious commendations. Luv ya
Great start to my dig. hist. class: History, Now! Digital Media, Social Crisis, Hist'l Perspectives. We'll be using the tag
lol!!!! She's just helping her mama test :)
on the 8th day, God created office snuggies. brrrrr
I'm not excited that Dallas won, but I am thrilled that Miami Lost!!!!! Hahaha!
Download MyTalkTools Mobile Lite. Its free. See what you think. Comes with free subscription for authoring site.
Welcome home. :)
haha thanks for thinking of me. But I guess this ONE time I'm lucky to be in a town with no
Home now(: that was fun!
It's tough. Formally—dialogue, performance—it's still great, but as satire, I'm not sold....
You're making me wish I had cable!
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped.
I'm in love with somone His name start with 'J' 😝😍
well that was a fun drive and run from the parking garage to work in the pouring rain. I can literally ring out my pants, hoodie and socks
wat did u do today?
Usually we go till about 2 or 3pm.
California dreaming.
OK, so maybe not putting sunscreen on at the beach today was a bad idea...
introvert - hands down
and thanks to and I didn't do anything too stupid and get kicked out of la lol
Follow back :)) pls?
RT : i will personally match donation if u dine with us for 4/26 supporting 50% of your check!
sorry hun but u can never be done with jk jk
Becoming friends again after so long. #LunchToday excited and nervous cause
that's exactly what my neighbors said! and they're going to a rehabber named Laurie. I'll still be able to see them every week.
What specifically constitutes the creation of a job? If I wanted to say I created x jobs, what would I use to prove it?
probably this weekend
Heading out to Marcel's Culinary Experience in Glen Ellyn for a demo from 11-3. Come hang out & check out this beautiful store.
Jeff is coming by at 3 on Tuesday. That would be perfect.
I'm going to leave now and maybe actually be on time for band practice once.
Who won?
gotta find some1 to till my garden for me ..
So...how's life?
My little one fell out of bed this morning :( Now she is sleeping in mine :)
Next week I'm a guest photographer on Celebrity Apprentice.
Love living near Runyon Canyon!
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
RT Lay off the fat jokes when you're insulting Rush Limbaugh. It implies that Ann Coulter might in some way be praiseworthy.
what do you know about premier global services $PGI lost about 10 % since last week hold or sell?
Late response. I just think their management team is the bees knees. Sorry I can't make it out for the big day my man.. In Cali..
Im at IFC Theatre -watching "Weekend"
You think Aviles bounces back a little this week? Favors lefty's.
JB CAN sing but his voice truly pisses me off. And so does his music. Sorry. Just because you like him doesn't mean he's good.
While out on the town today seeing a potential client I stopped in McDonnell's and saw this cutie rocking some sick looking "ink."
drop it like its hot
I was excited about #austream :)
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to follow her, not leave her there crying because of you.
so jealous
It's possible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and obstacles.
Seek solution always. Seeking answers gives us energy. The energy we need to pursue what we want to achieve.
I don't blame guys for being so disrespectful because most girls are the reason why they change but all we need is one guy to stand up &
Happy to have you back!
following :) x
Hey twitter friends if you get a message from me ignore it. It's not from me.
Just got my Puppy today! Shes a Miniature Dachshund! Thankyou for the amazing one year aniversary gift! I lovee you!!
Any date? I love how you captured various shades of pink & the detail. “: made by "Mrs. M. Wahlen 3 Langden St. Montpelier, VT"
Yeah Matt Barnes, you go Dikembe Mutombo on that loose ball.
fun is a limit of how much imagination you can pull from your childish side
BIW will be at the Chester College of Law for the NW Institute of Civil Engineers "NEC from all angles" event from 18:00 today.
Found a cute shirt to wear for next weekende!
Cannot wait to stop by the shop and try your new additions! You are the best!!!...:)
My fucking aunt convinced my mom my semi dress is "tacky" and is making me bring it back apparently
how many snips does it take to snarp ur snap multiple times a day to achieve the ultimate snarpoon session?
My buddy is leading tomorrow at 10am! Twenty bucks says he puts me to sleep :P
Playing my guitar, it's been a while.
to Chris Benoit this is not a sad comentary on family you still can't sing and Simon you don't have a clue 4 real
I know you're mad at me, if I were you I would be too.
I am getting married so shocked and happy eeekkk
If you have something good, don't let it go.
I'm so happy to hear that!
tired as hell.
Screw being normal Dare to be Different<3
Can't say I'm surprised to see LBJ miss 2 free throws with a minute left in the 4th qtr of a tight playoff game.
6th period live
Really? "Glee Gone Wild"...
Take a stand on reading! Maine Humanities Council & LibraryThing host Reading Flash Mob 12/15 @ 5p. Bring book, meet @ Longfellow Books!
I'm never using #groupon ever again.. I have yet to receive a product ordered exactly a month ago.. anyone else order the Houdini wine set??
I started watching The Stand. It's cheesy and creepy and awesome.
Utah Chamber Artists’ forecast calls for ‘Rain’
Im quickly becoming a #Clippers fan. Liking the team unity they are showing, rare on the NBA level. Appreciate a team changing its culture
RT : A VC-funded Austin startup needs HTML5 help for data viz. A quick project (1 - 3 days), but hi-profile. Ping me if interested.
Haha I should've known. Weezy always be pointing out the obvious.
amen: “: ... Taste, Harvest, Truffles, Blackthorn, Dressels, Brasserie...the list goes on and on. I love it here.”
Killer show last night guys!
My method nukes the catalogs, which are typically the problem, not the content, which typically never is. Done it dozens of times…
Family coming for the holiday's? Spruce up that drab house with a new coat of paint. We love giving estimates, just ask us to come out today
follow now. 7
OH YA ME TOO
Amazed at how many people pout unconsciously
So, the peeps who brought us the BCS are going to create a NEW format. This is like letting Geithner and Bernanke fix the financial system.
#ImThatPersonWho is in love with a celebrity and it's great! <3
Thanks for the follow! Did you know most #chiropractors are using outdated methods? Come learn more at our #PDX office in NW!
#ICantEvenLie i miss you
Correctly guess the score of the game between the Saints and 49ers for a chance to win a free Scorzie, good luck!
Getting ready to go out
Backpacking 101 class tonight at Outdoor Source in Westerville - only $5 and worth every penny! Call 614-818-3620 to sign up today
Getting ready for a night full of drinks, dance, and lots of fun :)
My semester is over. It's 7:15 on Friday night & I'm home alone. Man do I feel like a loser right now.
Ok “ Whoever Him Is Yall Bring Me Sumthing I'm Hungry As Shit: With him “ With ?!””
I pointed out what appeared to be either an over sight in the design of the site or fraud and was booted from the site.
stop by
can you possible save it, email it to yourself , then print it at school?
yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.
yeah it was nasty for awhile. Getting better now thanks goodness
big philosophy presentation, one paper to do then im finally done for the week.
We all have a story in life. Take control of who you want to be. The mind is such a terrible thing to waste.
That would have to be
them beats you sent are crazy... got a few.
That trade is killing this team!
Where did this random headache come from.
where are you nowadays!
Will you be hosting an Aimee Bender reading next week?
I still love the AppleTV. I could watch the cover art float by for hours...
So happy I joined partners pe it's fun helping special needs kids their so cute and nice best choice ever!! :)
Just get me to Friday!
good coffee! Thanks 4 follow
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it." -- Jonathan Winters, Comedian
sorry i don't know what it is. it sounds awesome though ♥
House of Grey Volume One Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #196 Free in Kindle Store
I was going to study summore before bed but fuck it now. I'm tired!!!
I could be ok with a google wedding if it was a free one! They would be welcome to harness data on the attendees. #overpriced!
oh yeah!
Baby just leave her for me.
it's about 80 calories
did you get the union email?
Have to have a social security number to open an account - illegal aliens and those running from the law dont want to go there.
yes it looks more "teen"
✋📖 RT : Niggas will get anything tatted on em just to say their tatted up
Good day for sloppy - when you eat - National Chile Dog Day - yum yum. Oh, and wash it down with some leche - Nat'l Chocolate Mile Day too
Invading #ignitesf with and
Everyone that isn't Matt Kalil is available on the O-Line, so maybe the Browns go that way at 22 after all.
so where'd you learn 'your' dance moves?
Hey this is here and im exicted to be here with lenovo today hope i win a prize...... good prize im a doer!!!!!!
Hey! Could we possibly get an interview with you? (:
I also think she has been underappreciated. I have a photo somewhere of her in a play.
I drank too much water. My insides are drowning 😳
just found hip hop family tree! Thank you! It is awesome!
I didn't even know you liked Pokemon. Omg. Perfect
The #NFLDraft starts tomorrow. I wonder who your teams will be taking this year.
I'm jealous of your ability to read for fun as a post-graduate. Can't wait until that's me!
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
no it's still two hours like the one I have now :)
..most humblest appreciations, luv..but don't forget "RedHawk", yes? No worries, ciao! -Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the offer of support. Means a lot to me. I will let you know as we get closer to the event.
Thanks Sandy Springs for donating Open Arms meal to A little pizza will make the kids' nights much brighter.
I would have asked while at work, but I was in meetings all afternoon. Have fun with the DA.
Loving this weather but hating I'm in class right now!
#ImagineAustin kisses you. A: your such a good kisser! Y: No ur the good kisser! A: really? *kisses u again!* <3
First red flag: "I want to Landon." #dcproblems Good thing I had a blind date contingency plan
Increase cooperation from 60 - 94% by telling why #change is happening. Ellen Langer
I know, I know... he's telling me I'm grounded. Keeps me on a short leash, what can I say?!
Thanks a bunch for the mentions/#FF/RTs!
have the best time. Can't wait to hear about all your juice tasting!
Happy that Jim Donovan is healthy and will be back calling #Browns games this year! He beats the CBS "D" list commentators every time.
can i be blair fowler, shes perfect
I'll never understand how people pass up a good thing when it's right in front of them, but oh well.
it was a damn joke
Names of early Victor phonograph models: Auxetophone, Hyperion, Auditorium, Micro-Synchronous, Orthophonic, Consolette, Jacobean
It's not about being lucky. It's about being relentless.
come out to bar Louie water for $1 beers from 5-cl
9.11 A day to remember that Love has the power to erase fear. Love On!
3:36 Q2. Favorite children's book/movie. Why?
IKR! Im getting them in 9th grade! Im going to 8th this year!
Worked out for the first time today. It wasn't terrible but I can already tell i'm going to be in soreness hell tomorrow. Not excited. 
good to see you too homey.
Hey everyone! Today's coffee of the day is the returning origin coffee of Brazil!
So pumped to get on my board today.
the only person you should hug is Tiger after you help him win a #PGA #Golf event. You need each other for laughs, ca$h & WINS:)
Figure out what value you can add this weekend, not what you can take. Be a person of service and it will come back 10 fold. -Zach Marcy
My mom starts fights with me about the dumbest things.
WOW! So excited only 2 weeks till Disney Camp Rock The Musical Auditions!
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished? - Rumi
CRAP! That should be illegal in 50 states! C'mon
Ugh, my phone is dying
i wish Austin Mahone would follow me
looking for an ionic negative ion generator in NYC. anyone have in stock?
I feel the office has run it's course and they are just leading it to the slaughter house.the early episodes were 100x better
I'm hoping that there is a refigured ending for #GunHillRoad, a beautifully gritty film. One that might help achieve wider distribution.
I assume that was a joke -- no OT in round 1
They need to stop playing Mercy on the radio before it dies .....
Thanks to you as well for following.
THAT was a great ball game!
You've got the moves that make me sweat. You've got a voice that makes me breathless.
The new book and film library additions are catalogued. I do love a good organizational purge.
Money tall like Jordan
Oop, Excuse the hell out me .. Lol
verdict still out on this morning. looks like things are cool. but I still can't figure out why route 37 refuses to follow its schedule.
I called Lugar's office to ask to vote against SOPA. the most non-interested secretary answers. I ask: get many calls today "oh. a few."
This series is the reason the #nhl playoff format sucks. Should b win your division you are guaranteed a playoff spot, but not a top-3 seed.
Remember I ALWAYS UPGRADE! Hard to swallow but accept it
i just got this letter from a photography asking me to model for some senior portrait stuff xD
Come be part of the action! Ufc 124. 8pm. Drink specials all night
Hi sorry I was asleep
My head is going to explode today.
I Just Want To Say Thank You To , , , & For Always Being Here For Me Through It All
Ru Paul<3 zombie edition ! Jesses favorite !
at one point I think we discussed live tweeting a viewing of Manchurian Candidate on its anniversary? You mentioned book.
And Ralph McQuarrie. Major bummer.
REMINDER: McNally's has graciously agreed to open its doors to all fans 18 and up. Just have ID ready at the door.
i like the song dance again by jennifer lopez feat. pitbull:)
Tired does not describe what I am right now
...and we love you
America's Got Talent Finalist for 2010 Alice Tan Ridley is showcasing today at the Performing Arts Exchange Conference ( ) 5:50pm
Here's hoping I'm wrong, and he's right: "For what it's worth, a weak La Nina appears likely this year." —, Colorado meteorologist
At least that had better be an April Fools!!
Anna M. Uhlich~ My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
So i'm am going to learn over the next 2-3 Weeks how to be a young lady .. Super :) lol
The Patriots do not wear the same jock straps. They wear girly underwear because they're pansies!!!!!!!!!!! GO PACK GO
It's #May! YAY! One month closer to Texas Spa and Salon Month.
And the Orange marches on!
The ultimate narcissist is one who abandons their children.
International Lover!
I made a promise to keep voting for and imma keep it :)
Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Banana Split :)
Nice! RT : Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
this is dire. You should relocate to sf, we don't have this problem.
have fun in vegas dont gamble to much
Kmsl , Swayy know she gone leave though
Every time the moon shines... I become alive!!!! "KC"
Well since your brought Magic into it. The Defense rests..........
one minute before my talk with : "you know that app you work on? it's down" D'oh.
O_O i keep hearing screams. i'm officially scared out of my mind.
RT : #bigdataweek kicked off nicely w/ #awsstartups & #bigdatalondon. Nice intro/refresh aws & gr8 speakers (Doug & Tim) at google
Thank you all for attending tonight's first event & making it a great success! Can't wait for tomorrow's community service ZBT :)
If you are interested in receiving offers and promotions from us, text "offers apdealz" (no quotes) to 46786. We promise not to spam!
Time to go make $35 for being miserable in beat for two hours:)
Hope everyone has a good day! Go Pacers!
Please join me and donate to this event-Making Strides of Central Park NY 2011,Sunday, October 16, 2011,9am at Central Park. Thank you!
It does, from what I'm learning. Thanks. We'll see how it goes with her EoE.
I love you too. 
Yal are all still awake at like 2:47 a.m.....yeah me too
How is somebody wit 8500 followers following 2 people....lol.
how to describe qualities...contacting PATO first thing 2010
You got money cause you wear a new pair of Jordans daily...but the logo bent?
This is super cute! :)
being fake is just so exhausting. now I know why your always so tired!
Help I'm dying
#ICantTrustYouIf You Always Texting, Yet You Have 0 Inbox & 0 Sent
HAHAHA Take a nap in the rooms
I start me sign language class tues ... I'll probably b a mess at first but I'm still really excited!!
KG could play PG and he would still be decent, thats how good/versatile of a player he is.
Yes it was To crazy lol !
I Love Roc :)
when did you get that new glamour shot profile pic?
its all for your benefit
thank you!! Love ya too! I hope you are having an amazing day:)
#herworld. Tamera was great! We all love her. U all inspire her as well....
haha hopefully. I gotta be with my homies! :)
Transistor - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
is! I'm just an extension of his will. RT : seriously, dude, you are kind of a genius.
Giving up doesn’t always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go
Charity begins at home.
target, babies r us & amazon (for books) thanks for asking!
shopping online today. Huge sale online no sale but bought some stuff from Heritage1981 too.
beautiful mosaics!
Wheres the snow?
i am so BORED. i cant take it anymore:p
Sure thing!
Congratulations! MT : Lining up! CC
Welcome to the team Tim Harris, and Scott Galemore!!!
Ya killed the shrimp :-)
Now following my boo lol
Rest in peace Freaky Tah. I always say things would be different if you was still with us.
And we're going to Friday's to eat Salads. :D
Son: can i get money for new game ? Dad : you know son in my days.... Son : JUST SAY NO.
RT Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by. -Lou Holtz
I was here <3 and my ocean eyes asleep ^^ .. And If my voice could reach to you I'd whisper in your ear "I wish you were here, darling <3"
The boys I'm babysitting keep farting and giggling.
It seems like we go grocery shopping way too much...ugh
My girl got mad about the threesome cuz she felt she wasn't getting as much attention. Baby u was getting all the attention! bloody 3some
no idea! I'm on a non-leaky plane now.
Woke up with a headache, am hoping to beat it early, otherwise this will be the longest day ever.
Ah let's hope it's not another 13 inning game.
Against the Grain prediction: Charlie Batch wins MVP.
Brutal but you think we'd have learned their tourney M.O. by now.
Race does play a part. It took the police over a month 2 arrest and question Zimmerman. Would he b free 4 a month if he was Black?
thanks for the RT.
Lmfao at ex's!!
really? “: : Sheffield: LA has no traits as a city; no map. City of pure abstraction. #popcon”
Osama Bin Laden's final words. Look Ayman I am now a mayor on Four Square.
Another day in paradise. #fightpoverty haha
Party Alert! Sun football @ Vertigo in Bellevue - FREE FOOD - yeah u read that right& HH prices on drinks 4p -join us!
Good morning
Here we go
you just hate him that much.
wish you were here too! Big guy in the freezer says hi!
i should of brought a sweater >.<
Thanks! I've got it on my calendar
for the "further out stuff" we need more space to explore challenges before we start architecting solutions
Saw the new Avengers trailer, still no sign of Luke Cage, Squirrel Girl or Howard the Duck.
I know at least 1 person that matches both descriptions :S,
No nevermind tweet me funny shit so I can laugh in 7 1/2 hours c:
ahahahaha OMG then it's probably a rumor ahaha
Confess: What do YOU do when you run out of toilet paper and you're in there?
The Velvet Lounge is now open. Come get one of our new cocktail napkins (and a drink to go with it).
#Easter is this Sunday. Chocolate bunny or marshmallow chick?
chillin with the seeds. Wuts good with you?
Looking for distributors for our Scrubs (AGGRESIVE COOL SCRUBS!) Hit us up if you know anyone good!
You know what Basketball is!?! The ultimate female!
omigosh...you are #onmymind too cody :) every minute, every second, every hour of the day....love you lots :)
I bought a paper from a man the other day... I actually had change.
Would love to have amplification.
I feel like it's for librarians and I'd just feel weird being there. And don't know if I'll be working yet.
": I really wish I was going to Coachella."
What's the best simple way to link a twitter hashtag archive/feed for #pod12 to WikiPODia site?
So I'm trying an experiment. No caffeine today. It's almost noon and the headache is kicking in. Stomach is doing better, though.
I wish the haters would imagine "no religion" applying to not worshiping one man or his song.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that talks shit behind your back without you even knowing."
A big thank you to and others that were such a big help over the past five months.
Crystal cruise discount
Living A Dream..!!! Working Hard, Playing Hard
If the continue this home winning streak throught the playoffs they will win the Finals with ease.
#Libra is grateful for the chance to entertain with the finest linens, china, silver, art and home decor to put their guests at ease
#TeamTaurus representing for the
Getting the feedback pipeline going between Ezra Daniels and myself on Upgrade Soul—exciting.
I sent it, thanks!
Apparent murder-suicide at Episcopal Day School in Jacksonville.
I love thunderstorms.
i am good you want a pic of Demi ?
I don't have dance till 7:15, so if I don't drop it off then you can come over and pick it up sometime before that :)
Mike take steve blake off this man!!
BlaDOW! I'll meet you there, Phil!
I still have "horny" written on my knuckles from last night... I am stuck between being a slut and a thug... Awkward
I am frequently reminded of the great writings of David Schnarch -- "The Sexual Crucible" and "Passionate Marriage."
Rockin out to that Unpredictable album on the way to work. I miss quality R&B albums like this at least ppl like still got it
Pay us a visit for BRUNCH Cafe Con Leche! Chef's got all your favorites waiting for you!
In honor of National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day I plan on eating (at least) 3 chocolate covered cherries! How many will you eat?
You DID have a rough week, Easter was last weekend! Quick, find a coffee shop asap! :)
I told you what you should've done
Age, if you can, better than others. These are times for reincarnation. Seize them while you're still unaware.
“: Flappers tonight in Burbank 9:30 PM” calm down, just calm down.
U R.READY KNOW THE DEAL..MILTOWN READY N WAITIN#BREWCREW4LIFE..AAAAHHHHHHHHHHGOTTAGO!!!!
Thank you! :)
lol I'm actually at work 
From TPain "Turn All The Lights On" to World Class Wreckin Crew "Turn Off The Lights" #KBTS Kissin' Between The Sheets is on now. Kiss 97.3
yes you are you can stay with me!!
Dude I have all your shirts and wear them everywhere!
Wishing a Humongous Happy Birthday to ! You are the coolest cat I have ever known.
check it out! Unlimited drinks and all you can eat! You can't go wrong!
Agreed. “: I feel sorry for 's kids. Can you imagine *that* being your mother? #rhonj”
#Packers for sure, 15-1 and out. #Brewers loss hurts more to me because success for them has unfortunately come so infrequently.
second set was so weird. Looks really sluggish. Nadal in 4 is my guess.
follow me? Pls! I love to read your books;) he's so amazing, Jesus talk with me!
Wants to thank Christopher Columbus. Was it not for his rape, murder, and genocide of native Americans I wouldn't have the day off today.
hahahah. Thanks, you just made my day.
very nice good start to the year
Im the only girl here.....great...
Thanks to everyone bitching about the ending to #masseffect3 I started the final mission with lowered expectations, so it wasn't too bad.
I've just painted a gigantic Cock & balls on the door of #banksy's luxury london apartment
Thx 4 the shout out re: quality of #pdxplan communications efforts/materials @ Council hrng last night!
It's just the beginning of the week and I have like a ton on hw #ughh -______-
#OkUPrettyBut u been to prison?
How's that Remix going? Haha
Sometimes ppl jus need to know its not u the reason y I'm commenting on your picture ,its ya fucked up by round..lol
Wait!...Jim Hart left the Cardinals and ROCKED with the Redskins!
onslaught crashes on me every time I get past wave 200. bo
Instead of promoting good ideas with activism, a deactivist helps expose the absurdity of bad ideas (popular and occult)
(FW:): Ooh! RT : I tweeted about a scene with you and and they ...
how was ur tuesday !!?
I need chicken wings!
MKE Co Exec Chris Abele again mimics Scott Walker by appointing crony in a political/financial payback. GMC members applaud this.
Not gunna see anymore either , now ima go cry a ocean /':
One of the worse things you could ever say to a woman is... "your pad is gay and I hope you leek through your shit!" Lol
ohmygoshh. my little fangirl heart :)) just like old times
#breakingbad Saw first 3 episode's season 1 breaking bad awesome series I think I am hooked!
We would like to congratulate Fr Borislav Kroner on his recent ordination to the Priesthood! Http://uocusa.org
would have 5 if season ended today, so likely 4-6.
I wonder why I always feel the urge to listen to the Grateful Dead in the Springtime.
the douchebag count would sky rocket ;)
It was updated already !!
I can tell I'm getting old because I assume every child under the age of eight has a highly communicable disease.
Any #ISDA Negotiators looking to move? positions open in top financial services firm. email
Newt "The lobbiest" says he won 15 out of 17 debates and he did in his own special way in his own little world in a small corner of his mind
Please follow me!! I will follow you back!!:D
Why must 4 year olds be so annoying?!?
'Smartcompassion ": : Adults must model compassion in deeds, not words, to raise compassionate globalcitizens!"
Listening to Arcade Fire at starbucks. I forgot how much I enjoy them.
never thought I'd enjoy following you so much!! Lots of lol's
thank u appreciate that really
Let's go Pens! Win Game 1!
is rocking the part of JO in Little Women...SO much talent. I'm loving it!
RT : RT : Hey students, looking for an all-expense paid trip to #ONA12? Apply to be a part of the Student Newsroom....
#Booze and #xboxlive makes everything better. #TGIF 
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 9
I installed version 5 and it crashed Chrome. What up with that?
This is gonna be awesome. Need your votes! Big Game V live stream, see hole cards, & fans vote on who to evict bit.ly/eAxfoQ
Happy mothers day to all the mexi-mommies I know! :-)
Did you make it in on Sunday??
Wow. Auspicious start. RT : Biz USA site had 500,000 visitors on first day says at afcea
Is it ever acceptable to tell someone to start Adderall?
#Fact- Fall Semester has 78 days, its required we attend 70. Spring Semester has 102 days, its required we attend 92.
Rehearsing Alina's piece Tcahora tonight at Hot Yoga. Looking to perform this piece in the near future.
Hear the mellow wedding bells, Golden bells! What a world of happiness their harmony foretells, Through the balmy air of night.
if Samardzija gets out of this inning, i say let him pitch the 8th. seeing how our bullpen usually does
just stuff ha!
This is the best friend hackin' this shit!
there was no foul so he didn't get one he tried to fake a foul it ant happen here lol
whoa are u really
There is a SLIGHT RISK of strong to severe thunderstorms the next couple of days. Get an update tonight on the CW20 News at 10.
M we were feelin Enzo's!
just got a postcard from via spain!
What to see tomorrow AM, Smashed or Bachelorette?
Happy birthday to !!
Everything is education.
Today was incredible. I'm so fulfilled in being in God's will.. #Flaws&all
Your beautiful as ever!
The ballpark in Arlington looks like a nice stadium.
do we have a special georgia tech, college of computing, or GVU letter head?
i bet u have a killer smile
Use of entire works: LAMs have very good reasons to digitize entire works; reasonable to support research
TGIF...need to get through these classes!
Yay! Thanks :) RT : Participating in polling all the way from CO-FUN!
I have said this for years, since the movie "She Hate Me", that Kerry Washington is one bad sister. Eyes, cheek bones, & lips..gorgeous.
Just back from Austin TX. Austin is so much fun, would love to move there. A bit hot last week, 107 last Thursday.
Yes! I love that! RT : Love the Northeast where you can cross three state lines in under two hours!
Shouldn't be too challenging for RRC, but the Knight Riders could snap out of it.
If you paint on a face with makeup. Then remove the painted face. Then u tricked me!
Manhandle sounds dirty, lol.
girl stop darn I wish I could text u I'm pissed off
I guess I wasn't as clear as I thought. What I intended to convey was avoid singing without accompaniment.
All i see is #GBB and #VAP on my TL.
I finally got caught up on all 49 shows! I started listening when ep. 33 first posted. Thanks for doing what you do.
#imessage for iOS = no more reasons to have a blackberry.
MT O vs Romney. A man w/ 4 years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes. <- & last 8 running!
what ian did with his shirt doe
Why does luv have to be so complicated? can u make this heartache disapear????
Draft Day... 2nd best day of my life
but unfortunately these things left unabated have deadly consequences.
You're mean man I don't want to talk to you anymore
hit the spray tan before #theshirtoff Both look good..
and, now back to the economy and debt!
me likey too!!!!! Thor was my favorite eye.
its officially let's not answer shelbys calls or texts day yayyyyy
Lovely day well spent with new computer... we'll just call him "booboo," a script, and good company.
We're working with more independent artists to bring you new tshirt models very soon!! stay tuned!!
are you gonna play today? Text me back!
So proud of my cast and crew this week on our Adventure Week play - you guys rock! So excited to see how God is moving.
not a bad idea, though you may have some serious competition from
For AZ Legis to quit without even considering unemployment benefits? Horrific. Unforgiveable. Wrong.
New place in Seattle canning beers with no pop top...they just include old style can openers.
That feeling you get when you know you found the right person.
I 2nd that motion.
ok you getting to the money
Uh, if every one except you misunderstands what you're saying, maybe you didn't say what you think you did.
Just a tad early
you go girl!!
beyond cool, gracias for posting the link
You know is only working these games because he has money on them
#Gordon, Lord of Misrule. Gritty & quite wonderful novel woven around 4 races at a down&out track in WVa & the people & horses racing there.
further to that thought, what kind of relationship is a "Like"?
isnt that the same as the master cleanse?
ah that would be nice. maybe we can.
Mine is too.
TRUTH----> RT : Few things are better than a great relationship
How u gon' close the highway down, in ATL, on Friday, at rush hr, to go to a dang party at Tyler Perry's?!!! You just lost my vote #Obama!!!
I really dont know where my head is today -.-
With at u2 and muse sorry you didn't make the cut
So ready for the remake so long as they dont CGI eff it up RT : I watch old episodes of Ninja Turtles & get excited.
"They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy."
U just hit someone who was O-4 tonight... what the actual fuck Eveland
'm hi' I definitely will! Saw you at the Variety Playhouse--you were beyond awesome!
Reggie better make me some damn enchiladas -__-
17 - my lucky number.
Holy shit! I had no idea today was April fools day :/ I could of done so many pranks at work.
Love side effects. If you take A and B and C, and have condition D, and do E, you will get F. And F F-ing sucks.
loving ur set in San diego
try vocabsushi.com! Way more fun. There's a free trial + use code 'ilovevocab' for $10 off.
of course
Want to win a free 1-year membership to the Y? Look for us at Siclovia this weekend and find out how!
my hair is un-straightened, no extentions. blah blah blah i dont give a fuck, i just want to inform you guys. :T
Happy Birthday :) <3
Have you tasted the "rainbow" yet?
maybe they will allow you to bet facebook credits? like an arcade?
Shout out to the Celtics!
sure why not
Z-CoiL shoes r custom fit & adjusted 4 overpronation (they even help correct ur gait) which will alleviate knee/back pain.
come to europe, more precisely PARIS. Pretty pleeeaaaseeeee <3 Keep up what you're doing, you are #amazing. Love xx
its not good to tell lies ya know ;p
Oh, he was fired? The statement I read implied he was quitting in disgust.
awesome thanks Katie!
get shot everyday. LOL...
Beautiful day outside for a run. Rewarded with Chick-fil-A afterwards #counterproductive?
way ahead of you. Making second cup, but get your own. There will be no coffee sharing this morning. :)
Humor is help to humanity
"Although no sculptured marble should rise to their memory, nor engraved stone bear record of their deeds, yet will their remembrance be as…
continues to reign supreme in RVA!
The awesome cartwheel video earlier today did it! Hawt! RT : Klout has just promoted me from "socializer" to "networker". How sweet ;)
oh its mine den lol
amphetamines, actually. like everyone else in the 70s.
Hey, I just noticed you caught the Ivy Bridge presentation and #upcea and then your twitter bio cracked me up. Ha, I like bears.
Libraries and Historical Societies could work together by hosting a CW150 Let's Talk About it Program, see the home page for an opportunity
L1C4 baby! What a joke!
Damn I just b looking at folks like damn I'm glad I look the way I look..cause it's hard out here..lol
youjust said one ofthe most insanely idiotic things ive heard at no point in your rambling incoherent response was there a rational thought
Family tattooing day
The Hell.... My Facebook Is Temporarily Unavailable :P
The Grove is asking for on a Saturday night lets make it happen!
Continue to be a blessing to someone
WAFFLE HOUSE IS SO GOOD
nice to meet you too !
Help us get get to 200 followers by the end of the day!! :) We Follow Back AND we donate to cancer.org !!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 5. (Don't Fear) The Reaper- Pierce The Veil
" You have to be fucking kidding me - KOCH BROTHERS ARE PAYING FOR Zimmerman legal fees ? wtf
That sounds about right!
50 minute notes on a Monday. You're killing me
Great performance by the #badgers. Gonna get ready to head to the locker room. Reax forthcoming.
Wow, such an honor to be in the choir singing with you tonight. I love your heart for worship.
I need to blow some loud.
GO LIONS
happens to us all Jason, unfortunately for me, it happens way too frequently. :-)
Cong. John Lewis: this is an idea whose time has come. ... Have taken a dream deferred and helped it find its place in history
Share my experiences with Madison Mastermind Group. Collaborating makes us all winners.
FB more important than website! I'm tired of landing on a business website only to have to go to their FB Info page to read what they do
#NorthCarolina Data Centers should be able to run on a backup generators for a few days without power
Thanks Shannon. You too. :)
Tomorrow opening up for w/ Birthday Celebration all under one roof ! Arrive early!
Where and what are you going to eat this weekend?
Posted a new tune "She Wants" Come take a listen and send some friends our way as well if you feel the music needs to be heard.
On to the next one
Joss Whedon arrived many an excellent entertainment ago, but AVENGERS has him playing with the big-big guns and I'm tickled at what's ahead.
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
If you love GOD retweet this tweet....
Hmm. That makes sense. But, I'm not sure if I know what the day to beat is.
If you want higher test scores and lower drop out rates, keep the arts in schools!
TEBOW DID IT AGAIN! NOW THAT IS WHAT YOU CALL AN IMPOSSIBLE COMEBACK! NEVER DOUBTED YOU TEBOW! TEBOW!!!!!! GB²
I will hehe :) i don't know when though
Lori!!! My baby, what's up?
Getting through, what about you?
Green Trade Mission departs for Brazil
#iDigBio cyberinfrastructure workshop participant list anywhere?
Am I the only person left in NYC who is not on a cleanse?
: That had nothing to do with me.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Anthony Safford Jr ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Indianapolis, IN ⁰Travel Team: Indy raising Stars ⁰Point Guard 5’0
“: delicious, as always!! Maybe even more so with some sunshine on the side!! :D thanks for feeding me!” anytime! At lunch tho.
I'm all of the sudden not excited for summer anymore 😔
Life couldn't be better
That's what I do every time I go to Barnes and Noble. A good way to stay young.
#Jenkins job chaining works quite well ("Build After"). I use it to sequence the execution of our 10 test suites.
haha no idea to be honest, there are guys floating around so hopefully!!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Reading your Marlins Park piece now. +eleventy billion points for the subtle Hudsucker Proxy reference
Just bought Fight Club the book and A Clockwork Orange on dvd :)
I know! :((( I should set a date for everyone to tweet
Join us Tomorrow!! May 5 for our Large-Size Shoe event! Score on women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s 14-16.
Off to the Nationals game with #TMNT, Faculty Guide, and Thurston residents!
- brilliant at the New York Times Small Biz Summit discussing social media and biz growth
I want to see Lin go against the Heat already!
Good night
“: Student Government elections are worse than sorority elections #drama #calmdown”
Should we buy silver? :)
:'( I KNOW! I HATE HIM FOR THAT! he just doesnt understand that ur 1 of the only people that can stand me when i talk about btr!
The Driftless Area: Wisconsin's strange geology - Boing Boing
why directed questions?
great job on the ads!! Love the Rosanne Cash song. Great way to welcome visitors!
Lol all of your are the same. I can't stand any of you.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
going going going to get rid of this headache once and for all!
any word on that "CLEEEVELLLAND CAVALIERS" ringtone?
"If you ain't in it to win it, then get the hell out!" - Marky Mark (AKA Mark Wahlberg)
We're so happy you enjoyed your stay! Safe travels, and come back to visit us.
I'd contribute like 20 bucks to that fund.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Just tipped my drink to Leonard Cohen w
I'm glad my 18th birthday is being celebrated at band competitions all day.
Important to understand the difference between ideas and execution. An execution focused exec is unlikely to drive innovation
okay can we do 4 pm?
we soo happy for you and please follow us. (:
HAHHAA! THEY SHUD BE IN A TACO BELL COMMERCIAL!
#3WordsOfAdvice Use a condom.
Agreed! : Could we maybe agree on humanizing the message? No hyperbole, corp speak, or fluff. Talk WITH me.
sometimes you have to say "no" ... But, when you say "yes" to a commitment to your child, follow through with it & keep your word.L Ridinger
Good question RT:: Let me ask u something. How does El Tigre Woods come back from being a mediocre player. Looks like #YIPS”
almost here
Me to (re: hoping you make it). That's where I'll be regardless, so planning on taking it easy beforehand so I can function.
Heyy! And no, I haven't seen it. ;o Why, is it cool? ;D
A gym won't make you feel instantly better about yourself. If a gym wanted to make you feel instantly better, it would be a bar
Wear your green to the Paramount St. Patrick's Day Dance! Sat March 13 at 8 pm "Souled Out Band" will be performing in the Ballroom. $15 pp
Home sweet home!!! Missed my bed!!!
Had a productive evening...hoping it's the start of a trend...
I have a feeling it's going to be a long summer. 2hrs 40 mins!
Having a crappy run feels so much worse at 6AM. At least it's Friday.
Lol! Kiddos are perfect for entertainment but not always that helpful when it comes to navigation. Have a great weekend :-)
Beeeeeeutiful Day today! Who's glad to be a dogwalker? ME!
Closed for the evening. We are sorry for the inconvenience, if you have any questions or concerns please email
Orca whales are absolutely horrible. Free Willy, my ass.
Stop working!
Darjeeling, India is very mountainous at 6,500 feet, with varying climate. Yields medium-strong teas, with an fruity or nutty aftertaste.
But, but, it's only Thursday!
I'm going this afternoon. You gonna do it??
THANK FOR THE FOLLOW
Had a blast in nashville down on broadway tonight with the guys.. met some people and saw some pretty crazy things. haha
adobe connect or webex: which do you prefer?
If you're an unsigned local band, you have no business having a rider. Get out.
Just polishing up that character #animation started yesterday. Keepin' up the pace...
second at bat. he struck out looking in first
RT : Sign up to receive news and views on #Office365 from the official MS Office 365 Newsletter for IT Professionals:...
About to leave the #Louisville Airport presented by YUM! Brands. Thanks for all of the cholesterol, River City!
Beat the rain to get another healthcare portrait knocked out. Thanks Joshua!
Does anyone know why my iPod keeps ringing in the New Year in 1970 every time I recharge it?
It took weeks to get it down to this few! Crazy. I'm much quicker at FB than e-mail!!
What does one do between a noon wedding and a 4pm reception other than spend the entire time driving home and back?? I need suggestions
tomcat onto of a Java application calling oracle. Looking @ what it can pull from the db - explain plan, was data cached, etc
Practice good food combining. Google it to learn!
170million users upgraded to google+ I wouldn't call it a fail, but how many choose to stick around is another question lol
Jeez! D Rose on FIRE!
follow me if your a john cena fan or gamer or if u just love the wwe just like john cena ill say it i love the wwe!!! im proud of it love it
yes yes, but my side if Bmore doesn't require Marshall law after 2am on weekends
Thinking of you! A little present will be waiting for you tonight. Wish I could have joined you all. I know you will rock it!
Since I thinking gambling is always a bad bet, I will pretend wager two dollars on my Iowa friends' Kentucky Derby entry. Go #Dullahan!
Let me get dress
Oh yeah, we got it!
hii i didnt mean that last dm i meant to reply on ur reply button
You know & love it: Tonight's dinner special is baked ziti {YUM!}, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for only $7+tax!
Hi Jimmy...not right now...but thanks for reaching out. All the best!
getting ready for our 1st #sxsw set t-minus 30min onstage now
Cinco de Mayo!!! Sucks to be underage though..lol
No matter what my mood is like, your smile always brightens my day. ♥
im good. Can't complain. Still at Rust?
*waves fingers* Here's some good juju for yuyu! :)
Why does life suck SO FREAKING BAD!!!!!??????
who tryna give me some back in the game sex lmmfao im js
It would be cold the day I decide to wear shorts to school....
send u slither pic
“: When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be.”
you're welcome
I am interested! Enlighten me, please
and it was great. thanks again.
I know its time to head home from the office when I get Hawaii's Daily Update email. HUGE trouble if my wife fwds it to me
I'm not saying the girls in our school are easy but they've been under more sheets then the K.
you go girl! :) ": At age 50+, simply because I can (and I also have the best running buddies)"
it offends me
I LOVE the Venture Brothers...this would be an awesome job for any artist. Good luck to all who apply! Go Team Venture! Ha.
Question: who has the most generous checked baggage allowance for domestic USA flights? I'll book w/ you if you know :)
Home of the Brave
Chillin with and celebrating Rrrrory's birthday!
I know........ I got his pick too.... I use it every time I play bass.
The bar @ the Andaz Hotel has played Pulp's "Common People" and Primal Scream's "Rocks" within the past hour.
hey isn't dirk nowitzki related to ham?
Hey I heard you were a wild one...
you ain't gettin it! :P
Are you still going to 24
Good Morning, United Way!
love yout o
I wanna see you this weekend...
lol oh my gosh, i cant believe u called me a Directionator! :D
you have to make them do it off of a crossover.
SHRM presentation in Las Cruces in June!
Very pleased with the exceptional service I just received Fixed several issues for me quickly and easily.
yeah I guess I stole the crown from u
This isn't kickball .....game on
Rest In Peace Donna Summer ;(
Ready for Tebow to open up 2012 with a win,
yes they are amazing!
RT Blasting enya in the automated sea vessel
Indigo Mortgage is committed to an ethical process throughout all aspects of your mortgage loan transaction. Why not get started today.
k bye kid.
It's almost time for the Kentucky Derby! We like the horse I'll Have Another, can you blame us? Who do you pick?
lol you know me
I love to Wave the Cruise when they get Out! (:
If can be O's GM despite being out of baseball for 10 years, can't be the PA announcer after 2 months ?
I'm thinking of going to law school just so I can open up a combination law firm and pawn shop called Lawyers, Guns & Money.
To get results in our life we must take action not just intellectualize our aspirations.
haha we'll see about that(:
It was necessary! RT : A family of four could eat for a week off the amount of White Castle bought last night.
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons. Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine....
The linguistic genius of babies
Can't put my finger on it but something's just not right.
I love you <3
Haha, alrighty. I figured you'd like at least ONE of the picks, lol
that's a dope beat homie... see you at Drom!
relationship start CAN WE TALK. THEY END we need to talk
Yesterdays student art exhibit went extremely well. We had many proud parent's come in and view the amazing work that our students made.
RT : Seize the day and appreciate your life because you could be brutally murdered by Death Eaters at any moment.
I hate breakups hahaha
I think it's gotten to where Keith Jarrett coughing jokes are what fart jokes are to the Normal World.
So good! Really excellent characterization, which is rare for superhero movies. Really have to hand it to Joss Whedon.
why is such an angel sent from above? <3 <3
As a Social Media strategist an sometimes manager, my ultimate goal is to empower you to do your own Social Media.
Love the podcast, man. Been listening all morning.
In love :)
Lol, my bad for not tweeting back! I'm never really on here LOL!!!!
Sometimes your friends can hurt you worse than any of your enemies could
yes im so down
you're best dan justin because you passtime with your ''fans'' and make we smile and laugh... :D
Not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another...
WSFA.com BREAKING NEWS: Alabama unemployment rate climbs to 10.0% Holy Smokes!!!
Yo peeps! Just got the okay for our location! Contact us if you wanna be a part of our next MUSIC VIDEO APRIL 5TH
Was Portland your city?
OMG! Panic First!! Think Later!
well if you find that twin & he's handsome & sweet as u, send him my way...lol...the smile is a heart melter... :)
Transatlantic literary capital necessitated new epistemologies of property, says
I try to really draw out my words to sound even more Ahhhmerrican. It's weird to hear guys say "lovely" all the time tho
Gear'n up 4 a packed day of TBLMS w/ The Tree, No Room To Breathe, The Furiousity and China Fox w/ the real
We are so very happy Cody is there with you!! We love that boy so much and I know being back home is making him so happy!
just did an incredible story about siblings on NPR
Wha? Twitter has ads now? *dislike*
Cam wakes up hyper as hell. just woke up and started singing and yelling lol
the TEBOW haters are fakers ... Fake bronco fans are they fn blind the team was with out a heartbeat TEBOW rejuvenated
like the red Nike jackets you guys are rocking today.
#Coffee is keeping my mind sharp and my eyes open. It's a medical fact.
Yes I totally believe that.
"There's nothing quite like urinating out in the open air." ~ Agent Cooper
bath him
lol im doin hair RT Giving her time with her BOO!! She is really enjoying it bc I have not heard from her...
Well, they ARE the best headphones around
why didnt you tell me !?
Can't wait for an early morning WOD tomorrow to lift my spirits!
Thanks! Will keep you posted on life as database administrator (rather than metadata librarian)
working late-- pre-production on commercial shoots coming up... looking forward to late dinner.. hungry!
western digital makes the best externals. Never had an issue with em. Any time I try others I regret it.
Everytime I See Rihanna Oomf Cross My Mind....
i just got my nose pierced it did'nt hurt at all ...i was scare tho lol
Can't complain about the late calls fans this should have been done a long time ago. Screwbulls''t
I'm down to play!
When I told my best friend that I had been likened to Carson McCullers, she said, 'I get it - you're her without the soul-sucking tragedy!'
First PA gig started: holding down a parking spot for the next hour and a half.
RIP Adam Yauch? Wow...
AJ Green was 17th in receiving yards last yr, 21st in TD catches. Players reacting more to potential than production there.
Lets go Cards!
"Ravi zacharias" in the house. Love me some Indian accents..& Indian people. Ptl!
wish I had a decent mic as the best band in the world is playing right now in my living room
Put us in your #FF and we'll follow you!
Nice to see you on Monday at the unCon. Didn't realize I was following you. We were in the first session together
I need u to get w/ beginning of june after memorial wknd need track finished
that's what I'm trying to do
proposes to tonight on #KeepingUpWithTheKardashians!! cant wait!! :)
iHeartRadio Music Festival. MGM Grand. Las Vegas. September 23rd & 24th. Next chance to win tickets & the trip...6:35 on !
What a great bday gift! CONGRATS! RT : Thanks for all the grammy congrats! Its been a fun 18 hours ... and my Bday is tomorrow!
that don't sound to good..
One more week until the epic with Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and Seether!!!!! This will be a huge, gigantic show!
I was just listening to Islands by The XX! :-D
Damn. Lots of Nostalgia smells today. What gives?
Oh, I bet they are all beautiful, . Well at least 795 of them. :-)
someone sext me!
I would be cherry
I. Love. My. Job. Christmas lunch with the #HutchensPR team and my fabulous boss gave me an iPad!! And a raise! Did I mention I love my job?
I was at work..now i'm not..lol. Good day...light rain outside!
always & forever no doubt;) & wow I can't even remember the last time we got into an argument ! <3 that's god!
nah you sexy
Marshall Co leads Scott Co 27 to 21 at half.
RT : Its time to get to know new people
Just found out that the "W.H." part of "W.H. Auden" stands for Wystan Hugh. I would have never hidden that magnificence with initials.
Gettin ready for the Mavs throwdown tonight. Join us at for House of Hoops for the pre party!
You don't want a $4000 32" hdtv anyway.
there is still room! let me know
working in an operating room right now just thinkin about beatin Providence. Go get 'em KJ!
Well then, awesome work Joseph
Manchester united showing brilliant quality & a hunger for more goals.
#MSC #doorsurvey - Need your help with naming our new app! Get creative, and cast your entry #MSC-Conf. Chance to win an Android tablet.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
Youve got that smile. That only heaven can make. I pray to god everyday, that you keep that smile. :)
Goin old school...catching up on Dawsons Creek reruns :)
great day at the EL workshop and now onto the goodies!
Thank You..I Did..
braun or kemp
Coffee. Coffee, music, and slow moving.
no I love her lots. Lots of love to give.
Our liveshot isn't happening either.crap. ": Camera problems......may not have weather camera? #mondayproblems"
Yeah, I think it would be a nice option for many. Plus, talented coders without college educations can still make good money.
you both have an amazing week as well !!!!!!
I figure you may know this but was Prime Suspect not renewed? Such a great cop drama.
We're excited too! So much Froyo to make!
#1DNewEnglandContest just crashed a prom
I followed him. Check my page if you want proof.
It can never be a good sign to wake up to the sound of a helicopter hovering near one's house.
And on a related note, the Virginia Festival of Student Film (formerly Salmagundi) is April 10-11 at Newcomb Theater. Mark your calendars!
Andrew Luck #Colts No. 1: Has mental, physical skills to be great replacement for Peyton Manning. Indy must build well around him
Watching the old Batman series w/ Adam West and the henchmen are wearing actual shirts that say "HENCHMEN". <3 it.
Go to settings, then profile, and click on change image. Then you can upload a pic from your computer :)
#ThingsThatPleaseMe A busy lunch :)
Watch out for WalMart in LatAm. They own 70% of Lider. And the Bentonville folk are, say their Chilean colleagues, fun to work with.
Luke chapter 24
Yeah!! We're going to a game here in SD on Saturday. So stoked baseball season is finally here! Oh yah, things looking up..
Love this!
Little sister driving... Josiah:"so this what it feels like when you're about to die. Clammy hands, sweating, freezing, hyperventilating..."
How does a ghost start a letter? Tomb it may concern.
ha I wish it was morning. I'm getting ready to go to sleep! My schedule if foolish. So am I fir going to sleep this late.
So Freaking Sleepy -_-
that's crazy man - pretty close to where I live... Heard Dickson got the worst of it
Two days until Katy Perry takes over B97!! Wednesday at 12n be here!!
fuck Hoover and a bitch!
i really need some comfort..*sigh*
Looking for a new job, something that I went to college for would be great! So tired of working 55 hours a week to just pay the bills
aye:)) and its not T THUBBY. is twubby lmaoo ..i think
Nice ending to 2009 this week and now I am ready for 2010!
Everyone I just followed #followback hahahaha thirsty!
Actually it's
3of4 beers left outdoors on my back porch survived the recent blizzards 3 microbrews and 1 pale ale slushie is such good Wednesday night!
and rainy sundays are awesome vacation planning days
You guys are AWSOME!!!!!!! Love MKB:legacy
thanks for the follow!
Best Deals Hobart Boilerless Half Size Combi Oven – CE20HD-1- hobart oven parts
Believe we have a winner.. still needs some touch ups but I have a face and I'm ready to rock! Drumroll please.....
lol okay den
People call me Cheese b/c I smile a lot. I use a lot of smilies, they mean I'm really smiling :) You can call me Cheese too if you like ;)
Let therapy wine lounge of new orleans be ur place to host ur party. Dates are filling up. holla
I picked Phillip to win from the beginning, so yeah he's my favorite. Who are you going to cheer for after tonight? :)
One of the most sublime experiences we can ever have is to wake up feeling healthy after we have been sick.
Was not shocked the Hawks just beat the Clippers. Hawks court/Home court for them. Moving forward to take on the Knicks.
Things have changed .
never leave you alone Count on me through thick and thin
Didn't Matlock ask? "Yellow Pages or TV?"
#flashontap pics from the official photog and video will be up by the end of the week
Come on dang! It ain't time to go yet?!
Bored listening to tunes...
i understand why now.
LOL RT : u gone learn today
Dear dumb girls, Quit trying to look like us in photos... It's embarrassing to our species. Sincerely, ducks
Good luck!!! RT June 22nd I will be performing at Comic Strip Live..1568 2nd ave NY NY $14.00 includes one drink...
she doesn't go to their meet and greets anymore... She did that before she was a signed artist.... Like any other person
Glad you like it...see you there?
is cold! Where did Summer go?
lol we gone see
We had an incredible turnout for our the teddy bear drive in Portland, thanks for the support!
Society made me like this.
went from high school bully to corporate bully. Now he wants to be President
so glad that even when we have busy weeks and don't hang out, we are still the same person
so true... Hahah. You know this kid is a pimp though.
I've been reluctant to use flash (esp the built-in), preferring natural light, but in some situations, just gotta have it.
It's getting rowdy up here in the KUNM studio! Merry Freakin' X-Mas!!
Later, I'm gon watch ALL of the "Harry Potter" movies for Lol. He's such a big fan of it lol.
damn, i'm killing 'em.
Of course Spanish is language of love and romance. Have you heard - 'Me Voy' & 'Lento', anybody? The music cradles you.
you get annoyed bcz you wanna get annoyed! Lol its called ignoring people
who's going to the NYC Believe Charity Drive? i'n going to the 14th because i'm sleeping there to see justin the next day on the 15th :)
What did you get for Xmas....?
😥 RIP Whitney.
please do!
I hate cute couples.
that's what I thought!
“: I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was i supposed to do?”
we need to send a camera down to that!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool ah shouldn't the lunch bell have rang by now?!?!?!
After listening to the whole CD at MyPlay I can't pick a favorite song all of them are wonderful! :) <333
I just whole spazzed im so down like i use every badword<- haha and some other stuff... Im done with people these days!!
embraced! And Thank you ever so much, what a kind thing to say. I've no doubt you are amazing too!
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 10
yea if I was lovely an stuff I would be gay. But I'm not haha :)
lets not pray for easy lives only to become stronger men
God be with me as I make plans in my life. Help me make the right choices to avoid lotsa strife.
any suggestions for the best neighborhoods to live in Milwaukee?
Are you ready for #UConnFootball v. #Pitt on ? If in #Boston, join at 8pm at to watch! Cc/
I'm putting on a FREE prospecting webinar this tuesday 8pm est, contact me right away to reserve your spot!
you means dear interns! I love a nervous intern phone lie.
Nice little track before the #WashedOut set tonight...
#eduiconf meetup at Gibson's Grill starting now. Come on down!
it was a horrible song that's what happened
Good morning to you and a very Happy Friday!
...not to mention killing it in two separate interviews in 2009 & 2011...
The human will is like water, and you can hold back water for so long before is bursts open in your face!
VA: I-66 East slows from Bus234 to the Car Rest Area
Easy for you to say. SF has no winter. Just a long drawn out chilly spring.
Call it, " Spawn of #SOPA "
Do something extraordinary today in your workout & share it w me!
I don't understand why we all jus can't smoke a blunt, laugh, and chill. That's all I want. Can someone *HIGH* five me on that?
Did you hear it too? The Human Kind broadcast on slowing down, making time, being with neighbors, being still?
tomorrow I believe.
Cant band the blow man!
RT Advanced People Search.....I've found shoe designers,onomastic experts,you name it!
I don't rember I would have to listen to it over again I listened once months ago I think there's potential
would love to chat! Email me
I don't have a problem w/ that, but brands in general are fighting the loss of control that is social media
Randall Munroe does a great job of telling ALL the stories.
Not at our library. That was a pic from Uni. North Dakota's Special Collections library.
you should get him a present.
what if #Ravens can land Hue as OC??? Familiar w joe and system.
On my way to Maryland hopefully I'll get to see and
NSA and that's a rap!
hanging out is not dating, I've learned this the hard way....takes noted people
We are excited to expand our vocational training programs in the Bahn refugee camp in Liberia. Teaching baking, tye-dye, literacy + sewing.
I received the books! Thank so much, can't wait to share w/ the kiddo. I'll tweet a picture very soon!!
I hate when my nails chip after one day. 💅
The 18year old mayor from Iowa on is great! Funny and hoping to make a difference in his town.
To everybody that downloaded my mixtape thank you very much without out you theres no me
#FauxNews not FoNews I feel that I can trust Ms. She & had the courage to start the conversation about IBC.
Trying to let you go but I can't :(
.. I don't make Team of the Week picks!!!! We have 19 beat writers, 10 editors who vote and I just compile the votes!!!!
I know his name is Darius Rucker. What I want to know is who the fuck is Hootie?
prime pro tip: if you consider yourself a professional then make sure you know how to spell. and spellcheck. it's insulting to everyone.
I wonder if strippers have nightmares about accidentally going to work fully clothed.
Brownie was the first thing that popped into my head, but it seemed a bit much for 6:30 am.
I really really want a juicer tho 🍆🍎🍉🍅
yeah that'd be amazing!
I wish we lived in a world without heart break...
my brother refers to u as italian boy lol
In line x86_64 OSX binary patches with perl oh yeah, with this here hammer everything now looks totally like a nail! Blamo!
lmao. Smh... We can't be friends now. *puts head down. Lmao
An Indie shop or a chain?
a different world back then. When are we getting together missy?
Comfort with ambiguity is lesson #1 from the rabbi at
Jesus died for my sins and all I got was this lousy t-shirt
Yep, Chocolate chip Teddy Grams it is.... for breakfast....
Cain says occupy wall street focused on wrong spot....says they should be in front of the white house
: It's called leadership.
Arrived at my caucus site...I'm currently the only person in my Precinct Caucus.
Omg this girl is making the cutest sex moans I've ever heard! I need to meet her!
Must just mean he's feeling good today. From now on, a bored Lucroy means he is on fire
discussing #voterid laws
#amanshouldnot take after Tiger Woods. #gtfo and #stfu if you gonna do that shit to us girls.
Coincidentally "blarg" sounds like a fictitious conqueror of worlds
But you want to? I often start to feel guilty just for wanting to do something bad, even if I don't follow through with it.
Did you attend our #CALCON11 session? If so we'd love to continue the conversation. What are your ideas for alternatives to the survey?
you did the same with and now with
Was gonna go to the beach today, but 63 degrees is too cold for Soo, back to #Grimm and #Smash :D
I'm going to get you that Closs jersey.
Yes, but because the structure is fragile, access is rather limited.
Everything coming together!! Plan..then Execute!
Great problem to have. Add any to the collection lately?
"I'm bored to tears..... Yea :-P" The Raconteurs
The Chernobyl Diaries commercial was on and it made me cry :( I hate scary things.
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
My cab driver just farted something illegal!!! But, he rolled down the window for courtesy??
RT : The vOICe for Android passed 140,000 total installs; craving for Google glasses for truly mobile hands-free use...
do some work
I am really learning this twitter thing. I will be looking forward to reading them 4 sure.
nah you're not I'm doing hw & it's really boring d:
Hahaha. I knew someone was going to!
I visited the music goods store here in mami's airport and was shocked not to find a Sound Machine anywhere.
I like to say furry...as does
Selling mulligans like crazy at the Tracy Lawrence Golf Tournament today!!!
When you look for the best in others, you find the best in yourself.
So...is Louisville pulling a UConn from last year??
Happy Birthday !!!
": Hang in there Anne!" Thanks Lou..sleep calls me..
Two new cookbooks - yea, yea!! Love my birthday cookbooks =)
That's not pretty either:-)
Two and a Half Men should be Two Men and no sheen :( Its not the same without charlie sheen :(
Awhh Guts is on Kerrang radio :')
Crazy night LOL
Thanks NYC principals attending my presentation today. We had some great conversations today!
Work go faster!
Shooter at Western Psych. Pitt campus on lockdown. Please stay out of harms way.
maybe if I said "um" less I would have been able to fit my talk into the 10 minutes I had :)
lol am chilling with besties xx lol so how you preparing for xmas lol x:)
What are you most likely to #retweet: #quotes, #stats, #info, #links, #jokes, or #pictures?
Officially on the Sleigh Bells bandwagon. Their new album "Reign of Terror" is CRAZY in a good way. Definitely a class of its own.
Off work early. Gym. Grilling chicken. Practice. Hanging out. Go!
My PLO game is about as good as your feet.....
Lovin the Bud, Doritos and the Leno, Letterman, Oprah!
“: Well is she or isn't she?”>>>just sent you a DM
good! Did you get that picture on fb? Haha
yes! But an old friend of mine owns crown :)
Love the Colt 45 unis and I am absolutely in love with the new Jays unis
as long as they want to give you bombs and money for Israel.
Haha, definitely a polarizing musician; people seem to either love him or hate him. ;-)
Today, i didnt wear any makup.....
I advocate 4my students' rights every day I go 2work. They have my back & I have theirs. It's what we do. You can't divide us
bahaha i know and we were like lets spit the bad flavors at that boy that was texting during the freaking movie lmao
I love yah
I just don't like yogurt. Never have... and it seems like every brand and flavor I try, the result is the same. Time to stop trying.
You've done something awful.
And cheese?
thanks man. Go Cowboys and Mavs!
hi edward! ah. the teen choice awards was awesome.
Outstanding guest perfs from & on tonight's #GoodWife finale!
Happy Monday, Butterscotch tweeps! Fresh attitude - Fresh start - Fresh you! Namaste.
Feelin good today !
not my turtle, but his nails are painted. :-)
Beth Mooney of Key Bank is first female CEO of top 20 bank in US.
Absolutely not! The last thing they need is more headcases in the locker room.
my research only stretches to cove shirts. May have to carry out this experiment on my own.
hi I'm you're biggest fan I love you're songs their amazing can u please please follow me or tweet me back please :) <3
Warm up lap, stretch, distance run, stretch. Muscles gotta be at least a little warm before stretching helps.
Why are we throwing Aroldis Chapman fastballs for passes
Cinesomatic.com is proud to strike against censorship.
So I have a hella lot of studying to do for summer exams including 38 chapters and 17 essays for history :o fuck that im going to cheat :)
We want 250,000 signatures for our Petition to the President for a strong National Alzheimer's Plan. We have 178,153 total. Join us!
ok, cuz my sis said they switched it 2 the ICONic anniversary cuz, well, it maid more sence
lol thank God i don't remember so i won't ruin the surprise. Lol Aww happy early birthday
you're too far -_- lmao. you're the guy. YOU are the one that makes the effort lol.
I'm in full support of this. The more monitors the better!
I feel ya soo much. I'm glad people like me, mod sun, and basedgod can atleast rap about nature & positivite vibes!
it worked for like one of them and I kept trying but the button isn't there. Haha I thought I was blind or something!
I like KD winning this onev
no problem!
I am going to try to say this nicely, dudes okay no people are nasty af why okay I'm done...nasty smh
"When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile."
I've forwarded it on... sounds like a great conference!
I miss all you can eat free food all the time lol
I also wear Sperry's...
I don't need no help my nigga, I can do bad on my own
Can you imagine a world without men? No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
Congrats to #Badger alum #KyleTurris for scoring the GW goal for the #Senators. Had the privilege to meet him in Madison...class act.
My mom sent me an email with the subject line of "mom".
OS : thanks so much for
it's not official hearing.
uhh sierra if yhu dont call me i will be mad!!!!! :)
You fought hard Mr.Virus, but I am the victor.
Thanks so much! And be sure to let us know when you make it up here!
He ain't got my heart beatin double time,
Of course I wait until the day the slides are due. No motivation.
Save paper, don't do homework.
I saw him and was like omg creepy 7th grade saxaphone player
Ridin wit my homeboy D Ross, this nigga said "Nigga look how important you are..watch when u walk in WalMart, the doors open up for you" lol
Thanks to Zoe Sheehan, Louise Geddes, and Roz Bernstein for fabulous presentations about their work on Blogs@ Baruch!
Long haired twins
ATTENTION ANDERSON! Last minute booking!!! GEMINI will be at Shout's Pub Tomorrow at 10pm Just $3 to get in! Age 21+
Can you ask him to follow me?..ive been trying for so long aha
Watching Cotto vs. Margarito 2. Cotto has sick ass combinations routing for him this weekend!
Updating your "welcome" tab (or other custom tabs) on facebook for the Timeline update? Width of custom tabs is now 810px
Had fun today <3
After 16 years of living in the country with crappy Internet, I finally have broadband! I feel like I'm finally living in the 20th century.
Thank u so much! I'm so glad you enjoyed the show:)
Some 2for1 tickets available for our GAY LA TOUR this Saturday. www.outandabout-tours.com and let us know you wanna get on board!
I think it's more like who needs encouragement!
I should stop liking u now ...
You can't put a price tag on love, but you can on all its accessories. ~ Melanie Clark
Thanks for following us on Olioboard, Stacy! Love your work, seasonal changes, and that you also hail from our home state : )
my wedding is next Sunday. I'll be back in action in April.
its funny how you choose someone that CHEATED on you over your little sister.when she leaves you see whos goin to be there for you this time
You are going to LOVE Clarke's Employment Discrimination class!!!! :)
bout to get to the hustle , yall have fun on twitter.
Our cab driver has his own accordion CD. We haven't even left WI.
Live music tonight starting at 7! Get out and enjoy this awesome weather:)
Hope everyone is having a great afternoon!!!
no they never asked my side
kay.... that was really random.. Love the Rory Flannagan haha. It suits you. <3 :)
Sure...nice to "meet" you!
I've never been so excited for a year like I am about
#Back to back to back....
I think the real question here is why do I have so many pairs of socks in my purse?
Hope your enjoying your vaycay! Your probably on the beach drinking a pina colada and we are on our way to a meeting!
False.. Thats u RT : you known for never textin ppl back
going out soon , in a rush!! ah hate it!
I WANNA TALK TO ALL I GET IS "BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP"
I love my hood rt
thanks buddy
in town?
thanks for participating
www.leagoldman.com: Accepted into the book "Art Buzz, The 2010 Collection" www.artbuzz.org - by artists for artists.
That's what I thought...
RT : By all means lets spend campaign talking about crowd sizes... Come on people.
This time is the last time I will ever beg you to stay, but you're already on your way.
Oh so freaking true! Ah!
Full frontal male nudity on the NICE!
Check out our sister publication 's site revamp! tabletmag.com Also, look top right for the latest in Nextbook titles .
using excel to process clustering algorithms on a 100,000 node network is almost always a bad idea ;)
Same here. Found out we did chat about a QR code that wasn't working for me just didn't know it was you. Next time for sure!
The moment I walk into my parents house, all maturity goes out the window. Not that I have much to begin with...
Just remember, get the beer after you go through security. The TSA has no sense of humor.
"smoke with ya Boi", "but I just got it"
oh okay I see
responsive web design. Design from content out, mobile first, add media queries to add layout
yay! and thank you. :)
ok bet I Jus got in from elyria. Ain't think I was gonna make it but I'm there
We celebrate Mother's Day on the 3rd Sunday in May in the USA.
#sherlockPBS time! I've been looking forward to this all week! (I can't decide whether that's sad or not- it's been a long week.)
I should just give up on sleeping.
Hey you just woke up and this is crazy, but I'm your alarm so get up lazy.
That was bad. Too much grading today.
no lie what so ever
4 more years of communist
In a month it will be a year :(
I don't want to get cocky, but it appears that the "???" before "3. Profit!" is: Short #RIMM every time there's a takeover rumor on
Woohoo #SNHUreunion this weekend with everyone
That's it. When will we invest in our people, not in monitoring systems? In our own leaders, not outside consultants?
you guys were out too soon! I loved your enthusiasm!! I wish everyone was able to have such joy with what they do.
Companies, specifically game developers, (and at times, game publishers) need people to test their games
Yeah, once I retired from teaching I thought it time to "rethink" Teacher Unions. Can rethink SS and Medicare too when I"m dead.
or you come to kansas city!
Robert lee hotz. Science and sci comm resounds in an enormous echo chamber. #
Would it be weird if I just walked around with a broom all day?
Dont test the technique, just ride to the beat.
We appreciate our New followers! #NashaRashaNYC Enjoy your Mother's Day ladies! Tomorrow May 14th Models Night Out.😊
We do need inspiration at yr end - yr beginning to but of a different sort
the twitterlong about Justin...
Thanks for letting me know
have you ever been arrested?
I say we disown her!
"Blood Money Media" race baitors, post Zman from 2005, instead of a black picture 2012, why would the Nazi be marching for a black latino.
Hi! So many place at once!
Yeah yeah nite.
as a born and raised California girl, come dead of winter u won't miss Michigan! Best of luck to you both!!
Watching icarly(: New episode called iStill psycho(: IT'S FUNNY!!!!!
Who you gon hurt??
It's our pleasure!
Huge news!!! Meeting with some really big names tomorrow =)
Tomorrow I will be on ''Good Morning America'' live from New Orleans!.. Tune in. Pretty exciting things to announce ya'll. Xoxo <3
oh lordy, trouble so hard oh lordy, trouble so hard, don't nobody know my troubles but God
yup! so excited!
Great to see you! I'm exciting about our events ahead as well!
I just shot some, scouting downtown not great.
Thank you sir!
still love this pic of you:-)
OMG this restaurant is amazing! Feelin fly in my new lil' black dress and leopard print Michael Kors pumps! But baby it's cold outside!!
This is the funniest bus ride I've ever been on.
“: LOL! I'm glad to be that friend!” you're the best! :)
Wide awake while honey snores :(
In the future you won't have to drive downtown for jury duty you just remote in. Virtual voting might also be a big hit.
Oh gee thanks! Next time we'll have a sing-a-long. ;)
Gorgeous out today forreal but some of you hoes is not
Bombay & Moët is what I'm rocking wit
thanks for the shout out!
#LoveSchoology? Share what you like most about #Schoology by tweeting your favorite feature and using the hashtag
Tuesday is going to be amazing! <3
oh, ok...I've heard that in the background here too. I thought yours was specific to the U.K.
Just applied for Job #30... maybe time to take a rest
Style ain't everything. It's who's wearing it too
The officiating during all of the #NHL playoff games has been A W F U L !
haha it's my favorite
I like the view from the rooftop of Alma, which I believe is actually Cobble Hill. Great lil Mexican spot, hope still open.
Hey , how do you reconcile your appeal for people to leak sensitive material to you guys when you slimed Julian Assange for so long?
It's so cold in this store -.- My bones are shivering !
Will Middlebrooks can flat out play baseball... which is good, because the majority of the Red Sox lineup can't at this point.
i miss hitting this in to the table corner to make it break
SOMEONE PUT VAL'S NAME ON THERE!!
indeed! Far along?
I thoroughly enjoyed #GoodDeeds with and after church today!
i want noodles
I'll send them to you tonight. Promise!
if we are so focused on stdnts mastering standards... maybe 'grades' should be based on mastery of those instead
Ink my whole body ion giva motherfux
Fun - TO is so awesome! Hope you get a little time to see the city and its neighborhoods!
probably has something to do with leadoff hitter having a sub .150 ops
All the sounds of the earth are like music.
One day that wall's gonna crack and fall.
this may not be new news, but I just realized Dylan Baker is your profile pic. He is one of my favorite actors. Good on you.
lol its crazy! i havent shaved since you left
having a full convo abt me huh??
so when do the evil tease excerpts start?
I hate that the rock show is on at midnight and on Mondays only. I'm never awake and I have to listen on iplayer aka I don't get to text in
I see we're in the deconstruct-and-remix era of 9/11 tributes...
Got too much on my mind and too much to do
Wtf yo my boyfriend acts like he doesn't even care what I do wtf .
It's clear that Cotto is fighting he's hungry.
Be conventional with format and creative with copy.
&&juliet simms saved once again on #thevoice !
RT : Thanks Detroit for making a success we are already planning 2013's
Who Can I Call To Bring Me Something To Eat.... *Strolls Down Contact List*
Mavs looked terrible tonight..
hii look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
Pasta with an Arizona to wash it down with damn I love my moms
Haha thanks! I'm at school so I'll talk to you later sorry :)
I have no fucking choice! Wth am I supposed to say to my parents when they find out?! I'd rather sit there and listen to(c)
#webseries won Audience choice Award @ IFQ fest in NYC! (We didn't even have to bribe them with raisinettes)
I'm watching the amanda show! I fucking love this show. and I missed it a lot. THE GIRLS ROOM!!
Black Jesus + Amen Fashion
thanks for the heads up...I 'll have a look!
Nope, at the #geekwire event tonight in Seattle. Showing homes tomorrow night, maybe open Friday. You?
have you had a chance to send us a signed 8x10? I just want to make sure it isn't lost in the mail. Thanks!!
what an adorably snuggly profile pic you have!!!! so cute! xoxo
Words about love don't mean anything if relationships begin to fail
SCREW THEM...The Franchise Sports Show on Team990.com Sat & Sun 6am-9am
I don't how to feel about this it's mind bottling.
There's a spider in my car. There's a spider in my car. There's a spider in my mother fucking car.
I just woke up but I'm bout to work out. I texted u a while ago, I gotta talk to u
I wish you guys starred my tweets cause I'm funny and not because I'm sexy as fuck
RT : Never accept other people's limited perceptions of you. Define yourself.
I miss class with you. :/
Have you chkd into open enrollment (tosa) or the language immersion schools? How old us your lil man?
Excited for a few surprises tomorrow :) Shhh, I am not telling....
loving you on #GMA this morning! Nice work.
It really creeps me out when guys have finger nails so long you could give them a french manicure..
oh yeah, that will be great.
stop raping errrbody
because you don't text me!! :(
RT Somebody tell anti-alcohol Christian Mitt Romney that in the Bible Jesus is the leading cause of drinking at parties.
you followed me? :)
definitely gonna rock these white suspenders tomorrow!
Getting on my grind!!
And now home in LA, yay!!
Terrace, , , free Babcock Ice Cream. These are a few of my favorite things.
and do a burn out?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
My sister needs to get out. Bitch is so annoying.
haha can you imagine, so sweet and yet so homophobic. fortunately not!
I never got it...
So glad we only had four classes a day @ Columbia Central.
No hate is a strong word irs more like dislike
Have we learned nothing from Aaron Boone? Pro athletes who don't play basketball shouldn't TRY to play basketball. GOSH.
get so tired of seeing paraphrased wikipedia definitions of rhetorical terms in my students work. Correct definition; wrong context
Pin:3297C770 no creeps please :*
Probably...but Since they can't ship anything until Monday I'm not sure what they'd do :(
Why don't we go somewhere only we know?<33
again badger fans get after it harder than duck fans with jump around
Preparing for a shoot at The Skin Center in Wexford on January 4th!
shots on us LETS RAGE
(con't) we have a giant rally headed right here to our studio at pioneer courthouse square. rally on the bricks re: school budget cuts.
Good morning, Bill. Yes..10 miles. The Cleveland MetroPark was very active yesterday. Congrats again.
How are you? :33
Contagious Behavior at tonight text 786 282 9112 if your coming...
naw it ant
Bchh you must b the lamest bchh own twitter....CTFU
Wow... trending is #Libia... Cultured Americans we are! ugh...
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen. #FACT RT
I shall DM you-Like a boss ;D
Fuck my throat hurts
#LiveLaughLove.....why not!!
As for butter versus margarine, I trust cows more than chemists.
no problem
that sound gooder than a mf!!
It was fun!
oh my god you are killing me!!!! I'm literally pounding my steering wheel laughing my ass off
yeah, dumb shoes. Plus I had hurt my calf during a run, so I'm sure that threw my gait off.
No kidding!
RT Ever wonder why girls talk so much & guys overthink everything? Girls have 4 lips & guys have 2 heads. ^__^
I hate being worried, but damn i cant help it
Historic #flooding in North East. And, one more flood around my apartment in two weeks.
& i was wondering for 1 minute of your time to read a direct message from me...please.its my last idea to help raise money!
it'd be great if you came in but you can also send music to thanks! see you soon!
Route 441 was all cows until the summer after my junior year of college. Then, suddenly, it was all subdivisions and Target.
Cleaning El Rey chips out of my bed. Last night when I got home must've grabbed some, fell asleep & layed on them instead of eating them lol
Join our 200 teacher trainees for a great Karma Yoga Charity Class to benefit Women for Women International. Sun. 4/29 - 3:30-4:30pm
Lol I was thinking latent growth mixture modelling. Don't forget to drop any outliers that might cause the slope to be positive
Oh Dolores park, I've missed you.
So oomf said Future is the best rapper o_O
Apparently theres a big mob going saying "kill the white people". real cool.
I just have to make it through my shift today, and then I'll be off for two (maybe three) full days!!! I'm only a little excited... :)
somebody told me that wasn't a major when I asked about it! I love that shit!!
like literally? Were you at OPC?
I'm just sayin :P
spread the love of pies all over San Diego; safe journeys to Florida!
Thinking would <3 2hear how integr8s w/FB, Twitter, all social platforms to gamify, get emotional, reward
is it weird watching Idol thinkin' "That was me?"
is he crazy? Cutler's in big trouble this year the.
I CALLED AND HE NEVER CALLED BACK. CALLED 4 TIMES… SMH
Any good finds?
Ah ! I lost my $100 scientific calculator. I think I'm ready to pass on to the other life :'(. $100 donation ?
A renewal even? Well if you two crazy kids can make it work, there's hope for me yet.
Been working steadily on the new web presence. You're going to love it. Trust me.
thanks for the follow Bro. Whats good ?
On the plus side, looking forward to eight uninterrupted hours of sleep!!
Georgia the Vicktory dog from Best Friends passed her Good Canine Citizen test:)))
Lets Text? ;)
If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it.
RT If you think that is fucking hot!!
Looks like I have something to do tomorrow!
happy mothers day to the swag master :)
No one wants to shut up ha
man come up here
dwiggins: RT : #sla2010 enjoy your last night in NOLA. Thank U for all you do.
e-mail just fired off to and 6man
You should drink some pedialyte it will fix you!
Hey GE! Did you pay for all these Superbowl commercials with all the money you saved by not paying taxes?
Libraries must manage analog and digital resources in the digital age. Trusted services. Preservation. Selection. Dekkers
Eh, it's people who might not read the site anymore. I don't think you can say that unless you ask the people who dropped
I like you. A lot :)
peep for yourself! www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
on nflnetwork now!
And I will have Ben & Jerry's ice cream every night, while I sleep with my kitty, and baby turtle.
What?!?! No! These theaters are gems. What a shame. :( To clarify: Times and Rosebud closing permanently this Sunday.
Tommy Digger Gugger "blieves" <--I like that term.
Doesn't say what type of tasks. Traditionally, morale improves with music on repetitive tasks. We even write songs to fit.
Scott Tucker Racing Pick up Their Lastly Consecutive Success This ...
Roland, this probing is called competitive intelligence ... I think???
Ted always has a new love interest. He must have more stds than james bond.
So the Tevez 'RIP Fergie' banner is trending in the US as indicating an ex member of the British Royal Family has passed away. Oh twitter.
Are you ready for Christmas? I have lots of presents for you!!!
emphasis on the "I didn't care" ..... y u picking fights? Lol
follow back
haha yes omG im so excited!
According to Klout, I am influential about "Robot."
You're not as cool as you think
use that hulkshare link dats da one we blowing up da hits and downloads on
Hi, I love this idea! How can Dressed To Kill Clothier get listed?
Thanks for the shout-out.
I didn't! I was checking the news this morning but didn't hear anything. That's terrible news!! My poor team...
I refuse to subscribe to any superstitions (i.e. Friday the 13th).
oh why am I awake? I have a job, weird huh?
Of course, anytime! Next year you won't be in Africa though! YAY!
I sure hope Kacie B. screams "No" & falls to her knees sobbing when she doesn't get a rose.
-____- go away courtney
Of course! Why didn't I think of that?!
Making some epic bloody mary mix from scratch!
i dont know i think i do remember hearing that.
She look so pretty sleep
This week i will be offering #xfactor style critiques to established celebrities
yes I am, and I would love to tell him but he lives in South Korea
That's it the whole Blue team should be sent off the Biggest Loser.
LOVE 's "Drunk"
Underwear? Check. Clothes? Gone to charity. UNDIE RUN 2011!
Holtby is feeling it
haha that's what I always say
The food channel : great recipes for fun and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Paula Deen
I see we have a race going on here with EVKitty. EV... I look forward to meeting you soon
What about the best actual Disney stars?! Definitely Debby Ryan, right?
Don't forget to download the Waldo Cooney app to your smartphone (iPhone or android).
creating a zombie army at seem like a good idea now, but trust me: it never turns out well in the end.
and the fact that we Angelenos will be treated to TWO douche-bag-free weekends in a row is proof that there is in fact a god
All u can do is to work hard and hope everything falls in place.
#AskJakeThrupp do you ever want to go to florida?
dance you mother fuckers.
well ok but tweeting isn't mandatory.
Yeah. Heavy stress and elongation of that first syllable
"feel free to be yourself" - my Dove chocolate wrapper.
makes sense
gotcha. is the RM gang signing up?
Time for some yard work!! 9am and its already 90°…better get on it!!!
Cant stand mondays
Yea Buddy RT: Tonight im wit it.. Time to get rachetttttt!
Grandma Rosa was :)
those are so cute! Hope they're are a hit for you, we had fun printing them!
Back at 168 followers. Dang it...
Living my life like its golden...lookin 4ward 2 seein my lil bro OJ walk at Howard tomorrow!
u know it! Any big wknd plans?
#Imagine Louis to your daughter:''Ever since the first time I saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful girl ever, like your mum!''
": The earliest known same-sex wedding took place in 65 A.D." in Greece I would guess.. whoops
#somethingimissthemost is some of my favorite restaurants in Rochester, NY.
I'll DM it to you.
Feel free to query specific article ideas to .
I seriously love Roman. He's the best older brother anyone could ask for. c:
Pumped to rock out tonight. Show starts at 10pm. Playing with great bands: and
got you,
the worst age was newborn. My son did.not.sleep!
Dont forget to "like" our facebook page to learn about more updates and possible groupons coming for the holidays!!!
: Bicep feeling good - day 1 of the comeback begins tomorrow- getting shots up at Eds tomorrow around 11:00- whose in?
Bob McDonnell to campaign with Mitt Romney in Virginia this week: Another VP tryout?
Marian Wright Edelman: "Sometimes I think adults have lost their common sense" Amen
Everything I need to know about life I learned from the Liza With a 'Z' album.
Amen, brother!
Just do handjobs for the next couple of days, if you want.
What? What is this place with garlic in the name? Huh? What?
Also, the Feds are reading My FOIA contained a few passages written by him, as well.
Ya you Better follow me ;) lol
I'm digging the Four Year Strong tweets!
Oh it is GOOD to be back! Red Velvet cake for breakfast! YUM!
Alexander Graham Bell was born on Morch 3, 1847. Celebrate by picking up the phone and calling us at 503.239.0100! Free delivery when...
It's always illicit kissing that leads to total ruination. True in politics, as well as art. Well, kissing, and doing it.
you have really good tweets, are you currently interning for anyone?
That's whats up! We got some die cuts in the works right now too!
ain't stupid. Country always sells! Very marketable dude
thanks a lot, peanut butter jelly time
Since I'm only ha;f watching, I guess I didn't catch that subtlety. (Alternatively, you're giving them too much credit) 1/2
Shout outs 2 all My Friends Surfing the #Billabong Rio Pro! Wish I was there! I'm getting second-to-second Score updates tho!!
thanks for the support love! My friend Bobby and I actually founded Asian and... Lots of cool things coming up!
Nah 3 or 5 That's Late On A School Night.. Aww That Sucks
Earth Hour tonight!!! At 8:30 your local time, turn out the lights for an hour!
5/27 "Memorial Day Mayhem" live performances by Pusha T, King Louie n Cubana Lust on the pole!!! Tix available a DTLR!!!! '
they have the best amaretto almonds..can't get enough!
I don't like when my grandma speak spanish to me cause I don't be understanding .
Yup, Iman will be missed defending Wade.
can't wait til next time!
im trying to change but i see i havent.i tried surprising him today at school and it didnt go how i expected, well i tried
One word: David
lol I just made one not to long ago
Whenever I get older imma fill bags up with poop and throw I'm in people's yard while they burn
Rangers are walking a thin, white line here.
#RyanKennedy stay strong little bud :) <3
the noose is so freaking hilarious. go watch it to relax your mind or if you're feeling down. :))
Its official I'm moving to athens georgia! I'm now a georgia bulldog!
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Brand New (13), Britney Spears (8) & Taking Back Sunday (8)
Follow me bitches I need u to #Follow me to the
thanks for the follow back. Hope all is well. I will be keep Billy in my prayers.
RT : RT Did you know? Vaccines cause autism and other diseases - childhood diabetes, asthma, cancers n more.
Fox 9 newsroom jumping into action. #Senser verdict announced :10. Suspense.
please send our #salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week! Way to show positive thoughts on Twitter!
RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home.
Heading out to see at Helium Comedy Club this evening. I will enjoy getting my laugh on I'm sure.
Yes, I am watching "Roseanne". I love this show.
someday we'll know why samson loved delilah, someday I'll go dancing on the moon, someday you'll know that I was the one for you
hey my friend Joe from Estate told me you promote at Vlive I have a group of girls wanting to come Saturday can u hook us up?
Hay So Cal Peeps- If
I wants to thank you with the endeavors you have produced in publishing this article.
have an awesome time my man
How can you declare a "winner" of the #scdebate when clear favoritism has been showcased by ? #FAIL #WhereIsEquality?
So much more music on the way!!
Alone in my zone
Don't be mad cuz you can't play...and black people hate the sun lol
Helped mom-in-law make a fun playlist for her cancer surgery - Mozart's Requiem "Confutatis and Lacrymosa" & "Goodbye Earl" are her faves!
Thank you!
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can
Happy Thursday
RT : I'm not trying to impress you or anything but........I sleep without a nightlight.
Just heard Marietta is doing the 9am Saturday class starting this weekend. Can't wait!
Slappers and ankles do not mix. Think that may just have been my last game helping out on defense...
We'll be this afternoon. You know, in case you forgot to pack a lunch today ;)
yeah waking up is like a 2 hour process for me. I set my alarm for 7 and then 8 then coffee and emails, then walk my dogs lol
The day started off bad, but it changed quickly
2 kegs + MCA tribute = awesome night at my house
Wistfully dreaming of afternoon tea, thick books and bright azaleas....
Just how much do game testers earn, anyway? Here are game tester salary figures to give you an idea
Black jelly beans will be the death of me yet.
What donations messaging works? Positive, explicit appreciation and gratitude, donor-centric approach, simple examples
I put too much into it guess ima jus keep it under wraps now
Going into a Mifflin resident’s backyard without permission
A guy on tumblr just told me Weezer is the worst band ever..
also did you see the rather insensitive POW Churchill quote the college tweeted today?#TKCProblems :inappropriate namesake quotes
No, he's not dead yet. Considered a swing vote... :)
Get soupy, Minneapolis! We have Tomato Bisque, Beef & Cannellini Bean Minestrone, Turkey Wild Rice, Asparagus and Pozole!
So, wide awake.
I'm feelin like a motha fuckin god dam Fein cause I ain't got shit but my god dam dream. #TEAMSUNNYZOE GET WITH IT
huge difference between interactive design pay and print. I think there are at least 2x the opportunities for web design...
Where are all my barca fans at?
Yes ma'am. I can always use another thumbs up! :)
I am glad to be off tomorrow!
There's always so much to think about
we have! Love you guys!!
Disc golf wit the boys. Now for some clone wars before kickoff.
WOAH. 's coming to Chicago this summer?!
Took a walk through tour of Villa Rockledge today in Laguna Beach for our Sunday event. Wonderful venue!
I can't give out that information. Sorry. I dont wanna have people scam him on trying to get it.
We concur! RT :
Idk though cause the coaches choose favorites.
Spell checking dolmagazine, it's shocking the amount of words I make up.
can't find my USB cable. Not sure how long I can stream without being on my powerpack
Happy Birthday to Asa ! From your friends at:
Im rooting for the Asian guy who cooks with the #SwagSauce Even tho
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
they are going to need the faithful this season.
Crushing on a bartender you'd like to get to know better? Well go see her/him on a night other than Friday or Saturday!
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity. Dang that's good!
Master's degree is only 3 credits away. Woot!
I'm to drunk to taste this chicken
don't cry :/ Jesus Loves you! he's there when no one else is, he understands more than anyone... i promise :)
When I see on ICarly tomorrow I'm going to be fangirling and screaming
wonderful and yourself? ??
My son is shown his mommy so much love ryt now all I can do iz :-)
From participant in Venezuela that it should be working for all. Stay tuned. Thanks again for sharing this info!
I think I was born to ball
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 69F Fair: 69F Fair
Roses are red, Violets are Blue..Miley Cyrus is to sluty for you:(
happy birthday!
"If There's Someone In My Bed..They're Definitely Getting Fucked" - Joel D Smith
Don't forget: Rush Info Session TODAY, 5:30 @ Jacobs 110. See you there!
You can do it, Heather!
: Thanks for the double RT's!
pretty please tweet or follow my best friend ! Today is her 17th bday!
rave where
Was tonight's plaid sandwich your first Very funny on !
I no longer own that website.
Thanks but I'm gonna NOT get drunk on my #prom night.
This is the downfall with most longer, modern JRPG's. It's why I like the old ones that get down to business quick, no BS.
And still they cry - at least LeBron and the Browns both left their records in Clev.
Totes just saw this tweet lunch tomorrow?
Spin tips: Get a big bounce, hold your arms out as you start your jump and spin, and pull them in quickly as you turn about 90 degrees.
My head is all ranty today. I must be feeling better.
This is one of the young artists I'm impressed with haven't seen anything for a very long time to talk bout
Finally on twitter!!! Stay tuned for a lot of information about the release of my single, "Down" and the music video to follow!
Where are you at? What's it like? Want to be an official bar reviewer? Just add #austinbars to your tweets.
pay you no mind :D
ITS 4 IN THE MORNING AND IM UP DRINKING Frozen DaiquirIs I NEED HELP LOL
IN Quotes: "People are as happy as they make up their minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln
oh my. People in Cleveland would make fun of you too. Put those in the closet with the pajamas!!! ;)
Why would I care? -_____________-
JUST BOUGHT A CRAZY ASS BLUETOOTH ONLINE IT SHULD BE HERE IN FOUR DAYZ MY NIGG!....IMA BE GOOD FUCKIN MONEY!
you're the only fishy for me! :D and we da best
I wish I didn't work today.
GOING LOKO at werk!! Had to stop and PLAY YOUR NEW mix!!!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!! <3
Graduation!! I made it through nursing school. About the walk into the auditorium then on stage we go.
text me
Felt the same way about Tom Jones while visiting Pontypridd, Wales...except Tom's alive and well, probably playing in Vegas.
Guess we have to wait Til 8001 for our no-no!!!!
just now seeing this...wow. Poor thing!
Lmao Right I Used To Think They Was The Same Age Back Then But When I Heard How Old She Was I Was Like Wth
I got a darn speeding ticket this morning
yeah they make some very cool stuff. Its a brand I don't have unfortunately.
GUYS, IT'S VERY COOL TO BE WITH YOU AND T'S COOL TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU, BUT i GOTTA GO, GOOD BYE. I <3 YOU !!
It's been on and off here in Clarksville. I had to park my car in the lower level of the garage due to lack of power.
#iDONTSUPPORT People who dont support me!
With a nose like that, Tyler Kennedy might have a problem scoring with the ladies, but not on the ICE!!
You speak the truth. :) RT : A roomful of highly intellectual and fashionable people. One cannot disappoint.
I'm watching Merlin.
"... I’ve always thought back and remembered the entire two days in a row and the tiny mistakes where I could’ve won.”
what happened?!
Off 2 school....1st basketball game today feeling MAD NERVOUS!!!!!!
Isn't it "digital veganism"? Vegetarianism wouldn't really make sense..
Awesome, I'll sign up
to work out or not to work out?
You're a woman after my own heart! Enjoy your music and have a great Friday.
maybe I will... With grenades in my pocket. And trot suggested I pick one, FYI
Great! Multitasking is the creative one's middle name... lol
Im done watching this game.. Someone tell me who won the lakers vs. nuggets game when its over
Carrie just released her new single and it's branded and ready to roll on #productionvault!
Banned book week is September 24-October 1. Be sure to read at least one banned title - or catch an event at your local bookstores.
In study hall :) i love eli
Big Sarasota night out - rollerskating at the Stardust
boo on the 9ers!
Amazing game tonight #TajGibson and the #Bulls. Cheers to winning game 5 and let's win #6 to be back in Chi on Sunday!
it's right next to it tho! Come down, we could go there after
Ugh! Wine will do that to you. I guess you owe me one.
do you no anyone famous?
talkin to carly
oh, LOLercoaster!!1 I may have woken the neighbors with my LOLing.
Wow Mother's Day really packs the restaurants in 25 min wait just to eat breakfast. SMH
A lot of shit won't change.
: You should have dude, it was tight. We rolled 10 deep from Arlington! Haha
Thanks for suggesting it! It will work out better, b/c I'll be able to get back on the hwy a lot sooner than I planned.
Those candied nibs were spectacular! Thank you so much for the tour and amazing treats!
lol ew, stalkers these days...WOW, HOPE. jk :D
Hello everyone. Hope you are having a lovely evening.
selling my Canon 24-70mm/f2.8 for $950, let me know if you are interested
keep forgetting to install adblock. thanks!!
Its the other way around, the IQ in the room grows with your presence! It was a pleasure having you at the tech meetup!
someone showed me a hat trick on aaron.tv
Essential Workflow Changes: Typical user testing - via Michael Allen
Heartbroken friends shouldn't give you relationship advice .... #me&you not them too hahha
Hey Melanie, how you doing in Sunny LA?
We've waited an entire week for Friday to get here. A Craft Pack seems like appropriate thing to celebrate with.
CAREER: Musician Website Quick Fix #6: Host Your Own Blog
and MIN would accept J.Oneal?
#in DJ Patil's keynote was the most informative at Big Analytics
tweeting thing xD
Are you ready for some football!
got ya
Nice work! Besides, you can't edit a blank page :) keep on the
Too bad i ditched my "myspace" account and now i'm using twitter :D
my goal for park & blanket date is to finally finish that issue. No, not the last one, the one before that.
I've got a super-important recording session today. Probably the most exciting one of my career so far. I can't talk about it yet, though!
in at .022
. RT “: #MentionTo your friend who loves watching horror movies.”
Feel free to dress up as your favorite character.
We are looking to expanded our followers can you help us please
Q2 I LOVE Burning Love high low dress <3
The weekend is almost here! Need some last minute gear? DJ equipment, lighting, etc., let us know!
Woke up in what appears to be a jalapeño chip graveyard.
thirty minutes on hold and counting.
“: Just realized there is no L.A. Tan in Los Angeles! :O Where the fuck do people over there go for tanning?” OUTSIDE
Great! Send me dates when u r going to be in town! Would love to catch up with u.
“A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure." -Czech proverb
I always love seeing your name pop up on my phone.
Micah's right. It's a ball of cheese. I don't understand why you wouldn't be obsessed with that.
. You and me, both, brother. And sometimes, I do hear from those who really like the program when it works.
makes me laugh lmao
we know that...BUT I'm not going2repeat myself. We can agree to disagree.
Twitter is a great tool to use as an educator to try to keep up with the world
Okay goodnight/morning
Hey called and wants to go back to
not until April, but I'll be sure to tweet about it. Just showed my Dept. all the online work from #deadoralive, they loved them!
I think you and questlove are like the only ones qualified to have anything to do with that music education stuff
If you are in need of a post sound house - we highly recommend: for the job; they've hooked us up!
It’s no use trying to emulate someone else’s style and make it your own, but you should study others and incorporate .
I finally broke down and bought a ITDR site last night and realized y'all are in Phoenix too. Small world!
Thinking I need to work on the paddling leg of my race....a good goal for this fall.
By the way - we've been doing karaoke every Wednesday night at the Surly Goat. Join us any time for a good time.
With all the press surrounding 's #Masters win.. Next #major he wins should be declared a #nationalholiday. #CanIGetAmen?
TruTV got all the good shows.
yes perfect!
then Mrs. Ugarte "So what exactly did you say about me?" LOL
I pray not because I need something, but because I’m ought to thank God about something.
Back is fine. Did something to my left wrist/thumb. It's useless now, considering cutting it off in favor of a cool hook.
Power to the People.
All black everything..if u want to see all our sexy divas come to
Will the next generation of Beckys be spared hearing, "Oh. mah. god. Becky. Look at her butt." every time they introduce themselves?
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "GUNZ n ROSEZ" hosted by coming Mar. 2nd via promo!
Lmao I Never Did Listen To That Shit
Help bring literacy & opportunity to students in Uganda & It is fast, simple, and shipping is free! We just did
#RAMS RT : Sat next to an NBA scout who came to watch Drew Gordon. All he saw was Pierce Hornung absolutely chew him up tonight
Well, glad you're done having children! That was close.
I just got pranked called by Eric's little brother...from Eric's phone. Wow Mikey, wow.
Superdraft is taking over Vegas!
I think you could have helped than in the net, but then again, you do hold the NCAA record for quickest goal against!! Ha ha!!
I'm glad Orton is doing well 2! Thought we'd lost our chances at winning to your town. Strange things like kids in balloons!
#BWE10 attendees - what are your favorite things about/in Vegas. Anything surprise you?
Good luck, I hated accounting!! Remember FIFO and LIFO...
Working on the new draft boards there looking hella good. make sure to check out the site later today and sign up for the mailing list :)
I am going to go put this car out of its misery if it doesn't stop with the alarm soon. RAWR.
Happy early birthday to ! now will stop buggin' ya about bein 20
Washington Post on #OWS eviction: "this morning's action may not be what a police state looks like, but it's certainly how one begins."
Very cool. Tip of the hat to Great River Energy.
Saul is one dumb ass poor high school. Feels like outside in this classroom 59.6 degrees smfh
the funniest part is that she thinks she's a good driver lolol
Why can't life be normal.</3
How about those broncos?
I don't mind the rain. It's just that I am not home # Talk Show,
you're welcome! Remember little mishaps and problems are put at you to learn from, its like the sandpaper that's molding you
Happy new year from West Coast, so glad we made it!
Downtown ! w/ Jessica <3
On my way to the casino. Will tweet some pics
i fuckin hate rednecks
The Story Of ANVIL!!!! There isn't a more appropriate movie I could've watched late last night.
Sorry I wasn't clearer -I didn't mean you should, yknow, actually MEET. Just twitter-meet. #FF :-)
good!:D
after reading all of the Stephanie Plum novels over the last few years (#confession), I am stoked for #OneForTheMoney to come out
Christmas cookies baked.....gifts are wrapped .... its feeling like Christmas!
Heaven is making an effort to be very annoying this morning -_-
Will do later, watching the game now. RT Call me maybe
Omg I am madly in <3
We are partying tonight, Oakland. Would love to party with you. Cafe Vitus if you you wanna get down and rock.
S/O and showin love at oasis!!!!
we got the inventor of the Rock-Afire Explosion robots to program, shoot and edit that!
Shout out to the peeps....from last status I just did....I'm still trippin off the reaction
lol, your lucky i read your other msgs first :P
Autoverse in the studio next! #supportlocalmusic on
Only because it's Miller Lite with Vortex (TM) technologies.
Dress rehearsal for Sunday's concert. Everything glows in Jordan Hall.
Best to disclose that kind of thing right off the bat.RT Random person's bio includes that they were conceived in Ft Lauderdale.
RT : And that is how you sell TONS of hardware without talking about hardware at all.
omg 4 months I'm EXCITED :)) can't wait!!
Ur welcome & thanks for mine too hun! :)
Regarding the gender of a hipster's child, I've learned to follow the "pregnant woman" rule, i.e., never, ever, ever, ever assume. Ever.
Zusi to Collin! Keep it up boys!
Kreider is on the line with Richards and Gaborik -- that's high praise
Love is more than the absence of ill will. Love means putting yourself out there when there is no cause but love itself, no money to be made
:) well y'all enjoy!!! I'm at home eating popcorn watchin saved by the bell!
ssoooo am im going to kick you in the head now ... or later??
haven't spoke to you in a min just wanna say hey, and nice twitpic by the way :)
I enjoyed your article - I always do! We should all grab drinks or something soon.
The video for "blood pressure" by is the coolest thing I've watched in a long time...
I went the entire day without caffeine. Had an awesome day. I win.
Jimmy Johns>>>>> Subway
hola! hope you are doing superfine!
haha be all like 'ohh hey there's a cute guy' then like 5 months later he's turns out to be famous. Haha
I look a little orange tonight.
Are you on crack? They have a pretty standard sized restaurant glass. Good luck getting a soda at any other theater for less.
Hey, what about getting some Mexican this weekend?
ladies free all night this friday only after hour spot Behind Beamers 21+ BYOB LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT
Yes, that is a hard way to start the day...with no cell phone charge!
yes it was lol its.time to change tht name now
Ana Austin will be doing half off womans haircuts on Wednesdays starting tomorrow! Snag yourself a spot asap! This is a steal! 221.7043
How does it feel to have your heart broken over and over again? Terrible.
Haha ppl who delete me from facebook i cant help but laugh at. How childish are you?
Simmons hits a grounder THROUGH Hrbek at first and down the line and into the corner! Simmons around 2nd, rounding third!
These people at buffalo wild wings watching the bulls game funny as hell
Thank you to all the sororities and fraternities that came out today! Pi-Athlon was amazing!
yeah Gillespie's strategic consulting firm for CEOs & politics seems like a mega-sketchy, used car salesmen powerhouse of douch…
Thank you for the #FF and the support!!
when is the game?
#ClimateChange is the most profound tragedy of the commons in human history. Too late for just individual action. via
Back in Vegas.
Our foundation offers detection tools for families to discover cocaine and heroin residue. Stepping up the drug war. Home safety
NyQuil during the day makes one feel stoned and stuffy... Go Giants!
THEY ARE THE WORLD LOL
WHATS GOOD HOMIE, IM YOUR BOY K-LO'S PROMOTER JUST STOPPIN BY TO SHOW YA TWITTER PAGE SOME SUPPORT
ya I'm to sleepy too comment intelligently :p
I smoke too many cigarettes, but I don't care. I've smoked for too long. Oh damn. I'm a hardass. But seriously. Someone get me a pack.
You are already accepted and loved by your creator > there's no need to wonder if you have the approval of others.
RT if you call shenanigans!
Good luck to Team Shirlock runners tomorrow. in his marathon. And in his half marathon.
in the winter sucks
SHUT UP D; LOL. this sucks.
Rall: "...and that will be a great day for all humanity. Words cannot describe how proud I am to be a member of such a great organization."
good deal, get it in and go hard buddy
I sometimes think that you're to good to be truth.
Long hair is considered bohemian, which may be why I grew it, but I keep it long because I love the way it feels, part cloak, pa
So I ♥ ... that is all :] also can't wait for the new victorious episode tonight #excited !!!!! ♥
If ur not watching #Scandal ur not watching TV
"Damn your President!" the ruffian interrupted. I said, "Surrounded as you are by a mob, your conduct is cowardly in the extreme."
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 95
that place is awesome
Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
me too boo
#AI11 was that a window washer?
me u seanie/peterr!!! so just text me tomorrow 3477294708
a swim sounds great, shoulda asked me I would have went
The value of renewing season tix: 1/6th of priority list folks were able 2 upgrade their seats for 2012 after 2 yrs. on list.
is located on the west side of Madison and visible from the Beltline. Stop in and ask about installation.
Thank you for sharing your views!
I looked for something green. All I had were Colorado football, Bengals, and NFL shirts. Need a make-over.
Abandoned green line #wmata and am cruising up Georgia ave on 70 bus
So to celebrate the 2nd "People's Property" author's Birthday; Go find the links to the kindle & order! Nov 2012 Part II slated to arrive!
I want to see Liverpool in Boston! How can I get tix?
It doesn't matter how many times I see this ad, the Shake Weight commercial never gets less hilarious.
I can't wait until Justin gets home this afternoon. I'm so tired and useless feeling. I'm glad Conner is content playing by himself.
Thanks Jane. We don't get to hear that enough. :)
I loved it when he would shave everyone's hair, especially fans in the crowd.
Ready for a challenge? We're giving away a $50 gift card to the Wisconsin Restaurant Association. We’ll be announcing details next week!
what's your sign?
Same to you!
since i tweeted i love popeyes chicken hell food resturants been following me...wtf
7: GREAT CAM SHOOTOUT; CLIMATE WISCONSIN; OPEN HOUSE CHICAGO; INTRO TO CODING
Got a call here? #BeisBall stress.
Desperately need you guys back up and running. How long do you predict this will be down for? Thank you!
Trying to get my book website up and running for tomorrow. Hoping service at is as good as it used to be.
Chat about #musesocial on 3/15 from 12-5 ET. We're discussing #museum social media goals, management, audiences learning. (RT )
drinking drinking DRINKING.
TA9 is the sickest defender in the league. Thanks for being a Grizzly. Tough loss last night in PHX..
Rob Wilson - Where have you been our whole life?
Best FB post I've seen: If you watch Godzilla vs King Kong backwards, it's about two monsters who forget their differences and build a city.
Although I rarely indulge, my favorite ice cream is Ben & Jerry's #CherryGarcia. I think I'm ready again. Kroger, after work.
Hey alive?
Just got off work ugh so exaugested
Ridin' in the impala
RT : I wouldn't open a frozen yogurt place because I'm sure all of those are going to go out of business once the craze is over.
Only 1 week remaining until Alice in Wonderland! Don’t miss this exciting and humorous adaptation of Lewis Carroll’s famous work....
lol I do that all the tine ugh time!! See(:
I saw the movie "gone" today and i finally got to see twilight breaking dawn!! #bothgoodmovies :D
Number one pet peeve when people leave THEIR trash in MY car. Get out and walk if that's what you're gunna do!
Yeah sorry his computer crashed
im always cooking sweetheart!
Soccer Game (:
See page 111 in Sep 2011 SD Home/Garden if you want to start your own urban chicken coop. Fresh eggs!
Ill Be Watchin That For Sure My Dude!
Wish I could today! Good luck with your writing.
we have a 54% match on in #Typography, #Games, and #iPad. Want to meet up?
I hate feeling like this
Sent you an email! I promise you can be doubly as harsh on my intro video.
great to finally meet you at
30min. left until its prince royce bday! ^.^
Seth Godin is one smart mutha#%%er. Read the Dip. Go Seth.
Frozen planet just blew my mind.
which neck of the woods!?! Seattle or San Francisco?? Let's catch up soon!! xoxo
HELLO. No really help - what's a good movie to see that's out right now??
I don't give myself enough credit sometimes. :P
Lease signed!!! So pumped to get into the new place
Damn! Just be yourself! If people don't like you then FORGET THEM!
girlfriend I will be in Chicago next weekend the 12th for the Sporting game! Staying on Hubbard!
Definitely doing the spadework, but right now I'm more interested in getting the debut novel published and writing the next one.
is the funniest thing on the radio. #dork Never takes himself seriously. Genius.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Getting a pedicure with :)
Just found my Ray Banns >
#ideachat Agree. Focus on quality vs quantity enhances twitter chats.
- It was awesome meeting you yesterday. Keep in touch gf!
Great NPR piece on rural and urban housing choices in Wisconsin this morning
Up early gettin ready for the next 4 13hr days... I work so hard I do what I want u barely working so u do what u can
TEFL job opportunity in Slovakia - Bratislava - Your Choice ...
Thanks for following . I follow bac*
Father's day: the most confusing day in the ghetto.
love fresh kale but never thought the kale chips will be any good. First i heard who loves it. My try it when next i go to WF.
Eh, I have big tits. I figure that has to count for something.
today was an interesting day.
#lrnchat do you have to use project base for social learning or can you use more traditional lessons with social learning?
I just stopped myself from purchasing a Groupon because I disliked the company's Wordpress Theme.
this afternoon. Enjoying 2006 reserve merlot :).
lol alright hold on
what's funnier than 23?
Oprah Winfrey.... I love you
thanku u doing much today x
Honestly dont bitch to me about stressed you are about this week when you couldve gotten shit done this weekend. I have zero sympathy
Which is why the best climate message is "we can fix this"--a more useful way to be optimistic. Like your earlier link.
What's your favorite thing about April?
Go with GlobalMeet & iMeet! Best in class..
Awesome! Loved it! Thanks for sharing.
I'd be somebody's wife with a couple of kids, trying my darndest to feel happy. At parties I'd say I was a writer & feel pathetic.
We've been fortunate each year to get 400-500 people. The fashion show really works - Warren Bottino
Bro:"I'm telling you this bc you're like the Brother of Jared, only my sister. The Lord answers my prayers, but He'll answer yours faster."
you are a god damn bear!
back to back lets go!!
Ima ask ma mom if will come to my party!! If she says no .. I'm gonna bug her forever! <3
amazing :D
told u styx kills it live!
Don't know what you had for breakfast? We had yummy huli huli chicken breakfast burritos with mango salsa on the buffet at Kai!
James Nicholas started singing and doing musicals at 8 years old and his first musical was "You're a good man charlie brown!"
Hey there, (kindakoolbiz), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
Rain today is helping the garden ... I'm planting and landscaping these days. It's green therapy!
Its literally 6 ppl in this religion class -.-
Happy Holidays from Tom Shaw Trio... may they be filled with nothing but music and love!
ccuuzz im the one thats tattooed on his HEART... lmao and my babygirl flossing on his NECK lol
Jus received my first payment as The Shot King!!!
i am a bit sunburnt, too - wasn't expecting that. i was actually in your hood this weekend, weird, i left belltown.
Morning! RT Happy Hump Day, everyone! Now go get yer hump on! :)
The Big Sac is calling, we will be back there real soon!!
I have two dogs sleeping in my room right now...one farted...which do I blame?
We're getting excited. Kino Lorber Edu is about to show our clip reel at #NMM2011 in Las Vegas.
thank you for your sweet message. Happy to know that things are looking up for Angie. xo
Meek Mill #LoveHim .
I don't want anything to do with that guy
wanna try malibu red.
Hahaha you put a square (x
yep, these type of things certainly require vision. Miller Park decision seemed big at the time, but great for MKE
My ankles have been hurting over the last couple of days, especially when I get out of bed in the morning. I feel old.
who wants my 2000th tweet?
No and no Lin? No problem apparently. Bring on the Hawks.
Pretty Girl...im txtn
At MIDNIGHT tonight, our new single, Miss Me Now, will be available on iTunes! Spread the love! RT
Dont you dare say we can just be friends.
Yikes! Tell Rory it's been fun while knowing him. ;-)
same story for #spurs since the start of the year, the better side on the wrong end of the score line
Does CaringBridge allow me to put a pay pal donate button for my patient on my rightside bar?
Seski think America pasttime may be new Seski pasttime. Go Portland Beaver! Seski gnaw something to celebrate.
I've been looking for a heart that's so complete, so satisfied with the little things. I got you and that's enough for me
Isn't that what #prince and Lisa played?
HI. SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY, I WAS IN ZUMBA ;D
There is a real live cinco de mayo marching band next door and they have been playing for hours
“LOL” is the new way of saying “I really have nothing to say”
Hopped on the Hunger Games bandwagon
I want the tiny giraffe in the DirecTV commercials SO bad. So I can give it to my girl as a birthday gift!!!!
So do you! MT : Shopping for the #Muse2012 this weekend. Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris set the bar high.
hangin' out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, tryin' to holler at me.....mmmuuahhh
RT : Wow Suh should be suspended on top of it
have you had the chance to use my 1 yr free code SPRINGLOU ?
I siesta-ed for so long this afternoon that I can't fall asleep
so far, 3 or 4 claims out of maybe 15?
Screamo is just what the dr ordered
crazy ass night
Benefits of growing in containers - Sherwood Park News
dang. sunday?
Nothing like eating lunch in a hot plaza.
At SouthPark mall getting show tickets : D
we all are man! He better not b messing with the bills. 3 days in buffalo better result in a contract.
grants, scholarships, fellowships, and professorships yo
hi! Right in my wheelhouse.
I'll take 3 soft chicken tacos please
Drink American and Shine Responsibly friend!
Thanks for the RT Jim!
I Heard That Nominated For 4 Grammys #Is That A #TrueStatement Fa'Shooooo She Gone Win At Least 3 Fa'Shoooo Go Head Baby
RT : Get us to 1800 Followers & one lucky #sportsbiz follower will win a COMP #NSMN Membership. Why not win this time? (RT)
can we get some o-line as well
Good poops are hard to come by.
hahaha get it
LOL!! (Only a little bit)
English was boring ><".
New Cash Clown Ft Cap1 &quot;Racks N Bands&quot;
What do a porn star, a stripper & a soldier have in common with a Christian, a Muslim & a Mormon? Find out 3/24.
What ingenuity! I bet you can cross from one trailer to the other without going outside, too!
Your Favorite Position Is .. ?
Thanks for following! Have a great night! :)
Liz only told Jason the truth about John McBain and Sam, and Jason told Liz what Franco did to Sam and him after the fact.
you have a blessed great weekend Paul!
Great RT "Everybody if they keep trying, they'll make it...if they quit, they won't." (Jack from #GoldRush) Love this show!
I Feel like your cheating on me? LOL
Discovery's Oprah Problem - BusinessWeek
Geez- almost got my coffee hot this morning. Does this mean the real summer weather will last through december?
Going to test my luck with a one and a half star dunkin' donuts. Should be interesting
Someday I may meet my mother till then no Mothers day for me...but having a great Sunday with my amazing wife
Nah I dont even know who or what #Oomf is -__-
Thanks for highlighting honey badgers, it has sparked a lot of lively conversation around the office!
Wow! Two amazing nominees 4 Corp Arts Citizen @ #Fusion2012 Awards: Karen Fine Saltiel & Theresa Bullock Metro Waterproofing
Change Readiness Index from CUNY. Dashboard: Business Ownership, Coordination, Tech Ownership, Knowledge Managent, Leadership
Good morning! Hope Youu Havee A Nicee Day! :D Love You<3
what about that girl 👇;)
the tents are for
I pray for motivation for them!
I'm shrinking!
i message you back . Text back
All I could think about tonight is,Austin. I just wanted to hug him
thanks so much Dan! might be in contact soon!
I'm just ready for tonight with 😊
Oh, that's not a thing anymore?
make that money! :-)
Dont hold back, how do you rly feel? ;-) re: zebra even more irrelevant than it was before
Someone buy a ticket from me and come see me play this Saturday at Rocko's in Manchester, NH? Tickets are only $10!
Watch everybody start googling the dude Todd thats dating Kandi
If I was ina fight it'd be Daniel-Son Crane Kicks al day!
And we are super ok w/ feeding you the goat cheese salad daily. ; )
Looking for a great ignite talk for a blog post must have visual slides with very few words.
I was mistaken.... is far superior to me and
Shanny still looking for Elway Jr.? RT Redskins will face "very tough decision" if Sam Bradford is available at No. 4
yes maam I can't wait either! Bout time Bean!
I have NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER in Jennifer Lopez!
Generate more income on a monthly basis than Starbucks from home with no overhead expenses? At 2:00 PM EST 218-548-0886 CODE:417091#
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream
Who is Simon Thunder?Is he a group, a person or a movement?What family or how is he connected?Does he have a twin or many brothers?Who knows
I've been surrounded by pessimism too soon and too often. I don't see how people live like that
I think I'm losing my voice.
I swear, I remember so much random shit, But I never remember what I need to actually remember.
two bad asses!
Good workout with my bros &
Hoping for a Paranormal State Marathon!
!<==those ticket prices are crazy!
If U think 1 pty has a monopoly on truth and goodness, I feel sorry for U. I don't. Libs call ppl racist at drop of a hat. Vile
Simple question: why did ACC sign new TV deal if everyone is disappointed? What was rush to sign now? Window was open until Pitt&Cuse arrive
*walk upstairs* "why did i come up here?" *walk downstairs* "oh that`s right..." *walk back upstairs*
Registration is open today until 7pm! Can't make it today? Come to Octavius 25 tomorrow, Fri, or Sat.
Watching #Boomerang I cant lie, I will forever love classic cartoons
What's the minimum amount of followers you need to call yourself a marketing extraordinare? 5K?
good morning collin(:
yeah. I don't even have words... Now no one will care about Indiana anymore. We had such a good run...
If I were of age I would have flown up there just to come hang out with you :P
"he should be drug tested immediately..."- stephen a. Smith
..what country song is that?!
Hey dearie! Missed you last night. Big hugs!!
$25.00 concert ticket from ...total cost $39.50...$15 for "handling" fees for online-printable ticket?...seems about right
I don't understand whats so confusing about feelings. You either like them or you don't. You love them or you don't. No in-between shit.
u got my contact still?
Why does mama aardvark call her husband a cannibal?Because he ate his ant for dinner!
going to bed son. tierd. i hope this week goes by fast..
I also can't believe that December is in about TEN days! SO not looking forward to that. I still have to go shopping!
SUPER GREAT NIGHT
Changes to Feb. 12, 2012 reading line-up: Eireene Nealand and Andrea Lambert to read, with two more writers tbd. Save the date & submit.
Very cool. Via , Djokovic & Nadal to play exhibition match at Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu, "hoping for crowd of 80K".
Large mouth bass has a moustache!
they're gonna push em dude
I've never winked at anyone in my life.
when people stop texting back in the middle of a converstation!! #mostANNOYINGthingEEVVEERRR '>____<'
your profile pic makes you look like you are very bored - wrong impression?
Chicago Bulls lost the battle. Not the war
florence "cosmic love." My jam. Love you oh so much!
Well today started off nice... Thanks mom 😡
*Gasp* you do?
being a DUCK fan and also a STEELERS fan made it bitter sweet to watch!
we going out
#pubarch looks like we are wrapping up - any last questions from Twitterverse?
Thks for the great post! We enjoyed meeting you & the #BlogTourNYC bloggers--stop by anytime you are in NYC!
NY Summer Streets! August 13th & 20th. Brooklyn Bridge to Central Park. Music.bike & skate rentals.dance classes.sand boxes.outdoor pinic
we need to shoot!
agreed! Sure did!!!
Can a TV or radio show producer get you on their show via telephone? Skype? In person? Say so in your
Hi Gwyn, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
followed & thanks! :)
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets I wouldn't really mind because I have 2013 1D tickets :)
Network Marketers – you do not want to miss this. Be in Phoenix Aug 21.
Omg ily snow :D
As much as she may annoy you at times, you love your mum and know you couldn't live without her.
You can't change anyone. That person has to want to change for themselves. Most times, they don't know or understand that they can change
I would never be sarcastic about my one d!!!! Thanks for converting me!!!!
Check out Los Angeles Groupon for today! Los Angeles County Museum of Art 1 year memebership!! p://www.groupon.com/r/uu3783546
What? And YES! "Absolutely Fabulous has recruited Kate Moss to star in a spin-off episode of the show."
Don't #GetAnXbox unless you want to pay for a bunch of shit. Trust me. Make sure you have a yearly income of at least $69,000
Stop acting like you're single.
#undergradres #erl12 Wonder if promoting research collaboration outside of UCLA, will motivate more undergrads.
Thanks for the RTs! We never meant to write satire. We just write what we see.
RT : Invest in your own property, not Tumblr, Facebook, #blueglassla (via )
It sounds crazy, but CSAs are great ways to get fresh organic veg all summer long, and some do payment plans.
did ya listen to poema?? myspace.com/poemaofficial! they need help promoting! :)
My first professor playing avicii i can dig it
9 more days to vote @ Dewmocracy.com! Let's finish strong! Team White Out!
Lady Gaga is safe from bees!
Yah know whats so fun!! When everything falls out of your satchel falls behind your bed into a vent especially your license :D
Packers down... JETS to go!!!
Sun's out in Seattle!
Nothing is sadder than a beautifully crafted paragraph that no longer fits in context of the paper.
Have you had a scramble of ours? Probably how the Colts brains feel like now...
Boy.. has no butt left!
Thanks, I'm excited to share our mobile strategy at the web & mobile summit!
RIP Steve Jobs - amazing and inspiring.
Dustin.. because my name is Danielle and his name is Justin.. LOL
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Oh and Thank You Very Much for sharing...lmao
U know u old when u have a bball fight and you have to call on ur lil bro to play for u! LOL.
I forgot to hand them out, it's no problem. I'll DM you info.
": #MentionTo someone you would die for." Iden
I hope 3Com is in that list! 3Com 4evr
Those cheeseburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches were a hit at our event last night. Thanks!!
this take on opera is so hilarious
Derby Day- Manuch's is picking "Done Talking" Right!!! He's never done talking; Roc "Daddy Nose Best"
#hth2012 question about "balancing" between access and legitimate "noncommercial" uses.
Well its obvious you're crushing >.< lol but whatever
The early bird catches the fly ball. #3AM : Basebal! I can't wait to root for my and King Felix!!
Feral Roombas: A documentary.
This rain better chill out!!!! I've got a 4:30 tee time!! ⛳⛳⛳
was very surprised to learn today that SIX brand new MLS stadiums have been built since 2010
That’s my MO, add a B to that shit.
Longer days shorter nights lately.
So #GameofThrones is making incest cool again. You aren't alone anymore, Boone County, WV.
Drank way too much mountain dew yesterday.
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. - Louis Armstrong
i hate you :D.
Better call this an evening...I've got 425 kids to entertain tomorrow! See you in the morning, Ingomar Elementary!
Between that and 's praise for 's promotion, it was veering on a UT lovefest.
Jane Fonda sizzles at 74 Barbarella still a Babe-arella. At the Cannes Film Festival on Wednesday, Jane Fonda declared that she’s the
#bestofsd thanks to everyone who participated, attended and peeps for volunteering to help!
Ew I hate the Camelot ad on
Don't Get Offended If I Described You In My Last Tweet...Well,I Take That Back You're Just A HOE Face It. * Shrugs*
Changed the Office Nomads mail server (MX) and some emails are bouncing. Should all be fixed in a few hours.
I signed up to enter the Home Goods contest, but may use from time to time
My profile pic is at the island of Mallorca, Spain. Mi isla querida,
"I'm in like meat in a taco."
The response I got on coffee IV's. There is hope. RT Maybe one day!
Bradshaw: image marking tools for polygons, points, boxes, lines. Text annotation, transcription. Also highlight for text.
it's because we're all #gangstalibrarian up in here:)
I want to see a picture! :D
snoop and wiz got a song "have a little party at my crib" beat banging on some G shit
Wow, where's that stat coming from? Sex borders on Russian roulette at that point.
I'm going through changes....
If you are living your life without giving an "F" You're living a LI E.
what is your favorite tech week story?
Graduation couldn't come soon enough. I'm ready to get out and go to college!
Honored. Really looking forward to your tweets. TY.
I understand you have a headache, but who said anything about messing with your head?
i'm so stressed out right now! RT : end of one in Ottawa, #NYR trail 1-0...have not scored in last 136:32 of this series
Maybe next year.
We finally recorded a podcast tonight! Nothing says love like a little bedroom talk through a sound board in our bedroom...oh yeah!!!.
I'm pretty sure his feelings aren't society's first concern.
Emory's survey results: displayed in a libguide, very visually pleasing
need customer service help. need to change payment info on order but get stuck in circular site bug.
What's everyone's favorite brunch spot in Los Angeles?
I hope my plan of sleeping in the sun to get burned works...it'll eventually turn into a tan right?
U are born without anything but u die with ur name..So that name must not b a Word... It must b a History!!! :) Gud morning
good morning i mean afternoon! i got 2 get time down! :D
i love you. im always here for you when you need me. just smile, your beautiful.<3 iloveyou5.(:
Thanks for following!
@ John Davies memorial. What a great life of service. Something to which we should all aspire! RIP John & TY for what you've done for SD!
direct message
as asking someone to pay for your abortions.
patrickjcav: if you're going to buy all kinds of discount Valentine's Day candy tomorrow!
lmao!!! What did u do?
#WW | 'You know you're in love when every day is like a one-night stand.' RT
I still want to add u. I cnt get on twitter right now. I'm sorting stuff out.
I am absurdly resilient when it comes to people.
I just heard Lindsay Lohan is going to be on that show Community on CBS
ok--let's round up people & go from there. I want to see a 12:30 session but don't need to see keynote so cd do late lunch. You?
URL for the eportfolio session? Thanks!
keep me posted Fam it's all luv
RT : That's what its all about! Its universal. RT : good... get Dark & Lovely
Working on a FREE DIY for my website.
What's up with the sad music on #bones this already sad smh
Noboday can do that. You think Kanye doesn't have throw-away beats? You think Michael didn't have off days?
On Tennessee's mini-budget's, testing anyone for anything is costing taxpayers. Silly Tennessee Legislation! This is 1 for the history books
I think mine's blank LOL.
Slow down father time!
:-) Come to Chicago.
I love America... The only country where disabled motorists park up front and run into stores... LoL
they all want to move out so bad, so quick, if I were in that situation I think home would be my 1st pick!
Parked at the Sheraton and not staying at the hotel? Stop by Registration to get validation vouchers. You need one for each day.
"#Literacy is not a luxury, it is a right and a responsibility."- President Bill Clinton
I'm going to be in line tomorrow night nukka
watered yesterday, corn is growing fast!!
everyone says they hate tweeting because they tweet about everything. so i would lovee to say i just took a poop
Ya know when you tear off a nail and it hurts like hell and it's the only think you can focus on? I hate that.
There is a spider two times the size of my hand in the bathroom
I missed you both too!
Any ideas on how we can make women's basketball more sexual? Cuz Ive got none.
i need to go shoe shopping
Ugh Bad Start Of The Day -.- Hope It Gets Better ((:
right people need 2 stop haten on yall they just jealous cause yall famous and they not
lol hey chick how was your trip did u have fun
RT : We've studied best practices at entrepreneurial support centers around the country...including
So I found out yesterday my mom gave up on trying to get my great grandparents. Way to freaking go mom.
Migraines are the absolute worst. I got my ass kicked by a gnarly one last night.
Gonna see if RJ wants to go to the movies c: I wanna see the dictator.
RT : "Big breaks are dead." Great, strangely inspirational article about crowd sourcing and the future of independent film.
3 and out, part two!
What up everybody sitting home being a couch potato. Miss charming thatnks for not following me DOUCHE!!!!!!!
What I love about it is how it is the most immediate action you can take to spread the word about your business!
“: The world is bigger than your block.”lmao.... True
i am done with facebook now i am checking myspace.....
Exercise With Mornington Peninsula Personal Training If You Are Over- Weight
I denounce NYK and my thrown of Zamunda! I bow down to the King... King James!! MVP!!
is a growing favorite of mine. It's a real way for people to connect with you. Just double tap a photo to like it. Simple as that
Thanks to everyone who came to our phone bank last night and our mail prep today. Hope to see you at 10:00am tomorrow for our block walk!
399 consecutive games
It's to distract people from how bad her acting is, obviously.
Dear Stomach, You are not fulfilling your digestive duty to this country. Do you hate America? Love, Patriot Harrison Shulik
should be a great show! We saw their last performance of Alice & Wonderland which was excellent!
noodles wit that mexican sauce and a lil bit a lime!!
Bo. Good idea on the dehumidifier. Wishing you speedy making. : )
well we r leaving now...what's up for the weekend??
The BMW X6 M makes no sense..it is the worst new car ever.
LOL what a way to start off Friday. :P Have a great day T. :)
Much credit to Durrant carrying his team with composure. Finally a young Super Star with some class!
#kids Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Marriott Mother’s Day Champagne Brunch at DFW Airport Marriott Irving, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Annual...
Chicharito is actually playing :o lol
First time in a long while I've seen someone argue "Feature phones is where growth is"
happy birthday Carlos, get laid!
has a broken phone; debt collectors, angry ex-wives, and telemarketers please call now!
So many great lines, right out in front of me :-)
You gotta ask for the Reference Book of Whatever from behind the ref desk but you might *never* get to see the Encyclop of Gay Sex
thanks for the
We hope everybody is enjoying Cyber Monday!! What are some of the best deals you've found today?
Excited to announce that Christiano Ceccato from Zaha Hadid Architects will be joining the jury for the Un-Competition Project!
Hey thanks! MT loved "The Shrinking Stage." Compelling, polemical, with a story to tell: as long form journalism should be.
I need infinite battery power for my I Phone!!
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out. - Proverb
Brady Hoke is not skinny.
Wish I could sleep :c
i get around ..but i don't stop for hoes *Tupac voice*
it was great beating them at home. Should be a tough series.
Top talent leave an organization when they’re badly managed and the organization is confusing and uninspiring. -Erika Andersen
looking toward making sure my ppl affected by east coast quake are good...what are you gonna do to help?
Looks like my man! A real man...who hunts, cooks, and loves God! Irresistible!!
sleepover with kaz and sue
They shouldn't have caused the Indigenous genocide MT "We should have picked our own cotton!" -idiot racist comment on article
My point was more about people's sense of entitlement than any larger discourse on the justifiability of theft.
why must facebook punish me ? i gotta wait 30 daays to send friend requests fuck u fb !
Wow to many bad 1s at Grey Stone
Often a positive mood is enhanced and an employee can be able to be more productive, more focused and have better concentration
We're in the same boat; for me, the pressure is coming from the brother. Of course, we both know they are right.
Tell us who you would like to see give a talk at this year!
About to watch #TheInnkeepers with ! Very excited to see it before the New Year and it's big release. Yeah On Demand!
I think I loosened up for the world last night... Hahaha got in at 5am... Holidays... Gotta love it
I Am So Sleepy And It's Only 7:35 ! Ugh Are You Kidding Me Bro ! .____.
Wants to learn spanish.
Hey remember when we said that was coming in June? WE KID! It's gonna be going down Thu, JULY 5. Sorry for the confusion xo
Where is the New England pass rush?
Thanks for your "heads up" article.
is it happy hour yet?
- Thank you !! Your support is appreciated!!
Everything is coming up Milhouse: Ice Cream Edition.
yep thats weird cuz u cant have everything your way lol
fye me up !
Rawr!! Bad stomach ache now! Imagine that...
ahh, so glad someone knew where that was from! (:
never apologize! pry? i wrote it on twitter!
I know! I resisted because I have the first one, but I still want it.
I have no more apple sauce. 👿
omgoodness. Not even a question. YES YOU SHOULD AND YOU MUST
And me!
Nole Fans have to hope this one plays out like Tracy Howard's Recruitment last year.
Thinking about what makes black women's internationalism distinct from black men's, white women's, or Asians' or Latin Americans'
don't worry dude you won't be tomorrow!
Like a good neighbor, is there... with a million dollars and a beach. Nope. Knew it didn't work.
what are you waiting for? DM ME<3
RT 10 days left of #2010. That's crazy
I'm normally a supporter of public employees but ATU 689 definitely deserves the PATCO treatment.
Met a really hott guy tonight, we engaged in convo and found we had a lot in common then he pulled out a cig..
in class slacking off :D
Thank you Jen. RT : : Haha..I am LOVING this new episode of Family Guy! Your Hysterical..Mort!
is this thing working now???
Newark VOTERS come out today and exercise your right. Booker Team!!!!
intern for the magic? They're definitely using you as the scapegoat for Dwight leaving
OMG!!! My condolences to my real blood cousin I heard ur Granny passed today ☹
MT : #sexualcultures Oh dear - flashback to the 80s. Re-arguing the porn wars.
Love the #Titlewave app!!!
thanks Megan!! I miss you too :)
Wow I haven't been on this account on forever!
Sorry. Yes. Hope so. Looking FOR CD. :-), Hope your neck feel better soon.
clothe and connect the homeless-
Thanks for the shout out, !
you knew that! remember when you told me you knew them. introduce!
that would be a dick move
Fake nails, fake hair, fake personality, fake smile, fake everything. Get a tattoo on your head that says "Made in China!"
hey enter our beer pong tournament - every tuesday starting feb. 8 - cash prizes and trophies.
My Birthday is Tomorrow ahh I'm excited! :D
Shoutout too for being my 100th Follower (:
Thanks! Just sent the email :)
o iight pepper ann
“#ToMyFutureHusband For the first time, I don't feel like I have to worry about my heart being broken. #TheWayLoveShouldBe”
love it!!!
“: Kicked off #FirstNight fireworks w/my wife and grand kids. Happy new year from our family to yours!” Great 2 c u on
na-na-na! :) give all my favorites in Nash (& surrounding areas...hahaha) a big hug for me!!! Love you! -xoxo-
*Wave hello*
Thanks for the #FollowFriday. Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting highlights!
Thanks, we'll pass the message to !
I love how and others outsides are getting more transparent so we are mirrored with more truth
I do not enjoy driving drunks around! Lol
Me too!!
Only 14 MORE til 200! Help us #findacure to have a world with ! 4 every follow we donate!
I've been waving the #88 flag since GB drafted u. I knw u dont view this year as great, but we're still 100% behind you!YOTTO
I don't want to set the world on fire, I just want to watch you fucking burn.
*smiles* thanks
Yep! One final shot...then I'm too old to be a beauty queen. ;-)
- Your bio... you can say the same thing about Obama
Only got biology homework left!
feel better!! :( i dont wanna come home to a sick girlfriend, but ill take care of you if you still are :)
#Medeco - 7th question: What is the Maximum Adjacent Cut Specification (MACS) for Biaxial/M3 key systems?
#FF Looking for great jewelry #Seattle? Look no further
Don't you just love when you see a cop and no matter what you are doing someone you are with says "Act normal!" :)
ciao Vincent<3 i really dont wanna go to school but,, Starve a Bully Feed Your Soul. STAND GRAND<3 iloveeeyouuu(:
you should talk to Might be some partnership potential there...
I've sext'd using just Emojis before. By far d most entertaining shit to do
Happy birthday!! Where the party at?
listening to my playlist on
#2012isAustinsYear:) each and everyone of us love you and know that 2012 is gonna be your year<3
I'm down for it
hi ! You should really follow us ! : )
Nice playin' Shaun! Keep it up!
Now open Saturday and Sunday at 10:00am for brunch! Come by and sit on the patio!
- Whew! I might could narrow it down to top 100. Maybe. Probably. Maybe not. Probably not. :)
i gave u plenty of advance notice.... so dont try n hide
it was cool! And we wish you were here too!
We all have choices to make - So where you are in life today is because of the choices you made yesterday - think about it!
Ha! It's true. We can't help it, though. We love us some #hyperlocal :-) RT : overused word: hyperlocal.
Can't wait for dinner tonight with &
Well, Bristol will be happy to hear that PBO doesn't listen to every teenager,.. just the smart ones.
& i dont get boys i make my boys get 1 fa me , and i paper chase fuck stand still money, niggas kill with me and kill for me
love to talk to you about a project that you would be perfect for if your up for a challange!
OH YEAH!
Answer your phone slut.
Triple Chain Gang
do you two ever give it a break
Just saw a guy wearing Shape Ups.
U may see me stumble once or twice, but u will never see me fall
Oh, and the kid next to me, who has probs never been to the library before has very smelly feet. #nowbuyMeaRedbull please and thank you.
That text :-)<3
Near empty room for
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 8
I heart Little Steven, especially as Sylvio. And seeing Bruce slide into the camera man? Awesome!
Stupidity & self-indulgence go hand in hand.
#(High Money The Mixtape) J Dash High Da Cobra & Money Bag's Da Skeet It's Are Time.
Rebound Designs #53, play Under the Covers. Guess title or author of a book excerpt to win 10% off a Book Purse, or 20% off if you get both!
ZINK Magazine will now feature my photography in MAY issue instead of March issue. Stay tuned! Can't wait to share it with everyone!
Just the three of you decided this, or the whole class?
:) haha, yes it is tiring, but I'm making it.
Doing another photo shoot today it's so much fun
Suggestions for a cheap laptop for my folks...mainly internet, solitaire & printing recipes. Help.
Can we expext an #SSX demo in the near future?
should not be allowed to make calls after midnight.
I can't come to the Summer tour because I'll be on a mission trip when you come to Dallas :"( Will you follow me please?
Sorry Ladies. The best husband is the world is mine:) Happy Anniversary Dear.
thanks, Kathy!
Tomorrow I will start a diet and exercise regime. I need to lose some weight.
As it comes closer I find myself itchin to get out of this dorm room...!!
yesssir, thank U!!! RT : Love That I Found Some Deals On Those Gifts I Got For My Lil Brother Thanks..!!
#wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I enjoy when people park right next to my car and I can't open my own door
these bitches in here listening to yung nation knowin damn well i dnt fukkin like them!!!
That moment you're laughing hysterically in your bed, when you know you should be crying! Life is a Puzzle, Figure it out! •jS Zz=-]
I just heard candy coated raindrops and thought bout you
He's not mayor anymore.
We need 3 volunteers to help out with Pariah on 4/22. Email if interested. Volunteers get free admission! First three...
Geez! #recycle #redemptionCenters are a joke! No point shoving "green" down people's throats if you dont accept anything?
Don't make me hurt your other leg.
whats the deal? U Alive? Ha
Set the stage for your success by first learning to be gracious in all things...
Congratulations on being recognized as an Energy Champion by ! Go green, Chula Vista!
I am speaking about Acting and Survival on a radio show tonight, audition on friday..life is good. Thank you universe!
Love is cursed by manogamy .
i followed , for you (:
Watched Eminem on Fuse<3 still
Loving wearing RED just like us at #wssmiami !
I haven't played a weekend round of golf other than tourney in 8 years. 6.5 hour round one Sat cured me. Early AM b4 work I like.
Everybody says Im better off without you but I think their wrong.
well in that case i like it all
Just broke up with my boyfriend.. Which I'm glad because he was starting to become annoying (just saying) and he didn't even love me..
That's not just Pamela Anderson that's Pamela Anderson with co-star Photoshop
"You just made my list, Schindler." - ' Nicholas Cage' to Liam Neeson
NI Technology Updates Outlooks for Google, Harmonic, Clearwire, TriQuint Semiconductor, and Marvell Technology Group
ohh really ?aww well at least you think hes cool(:
I just saw this, so belated thanks! :)
School today is so pointless. One final and nothing else the rest of the day
what a gloomy day just makes me want to sleep
obviously quite a few people found it to be a dick way to do things. And Lebron has apologized for it.
Good afternoon regresando de el viaje con my familia
Imagination will take you everywhere.
I am the king of bad behavior.
Windy windy windy!!!
Thanks so much!! Hoping to screen in SF soon! RT just seen the Volcano Girl project....that's great! Good luck with that!
nice performance!
wit waitin 4 n so we kan finish settin up the new studio this ho lookin sick #NVME Till The End Of Me!!!
josh I fucking love and miss yo ass!
I can't sleep it's WAY to quiet here. Plus the lightning and thunder is just amazing.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Community Power! RT : Excited to celebrate 100th bday + Year of the Girl on the Hill today!
I'm mad gave you a shout out for it l0l Why do you want to go back? finish something?
Favorite new artist: Childish Gambino ()
Is polygamy the only way to get missionaries off my porch & be expunged from LDS records? or is there an 800 number I can call?
Don't have a plan to get signed, have a plan for after you get signed.
Will someone just offer me a nice cave to curl up & die in :'(
ten drunk people
I'm sure most folks on here agree w/you. Sadly these days thoughtful people stay silent while morons boast their ignorance.
i was going Colton&Jessica & when colton left i was like omg. dead. dead. dead. this is not happening. :$
OK...I'll be over in about 10 min.
#YouWereCuteUntil you took your sunglasses off :/
You need to read your DMs man... lol
The most powerful moments of influence only require a tiny push.
We hope all of you have a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
These niggas ain't no players they some mascots
Ready at run at mini marathon!
Good evening to you and a non-manic Monday to one of my very fave tweeps...and peeps !
other than the last 4 games of last season Mark Sanchez has won at every level. check his numbers 3yrs vs Manning 3yrs
Im soo tired , when I get home ima just knock out [=
I seen a cow laugh so hard, milk come out her nose.
21 Jump Street!!
do u know of any studio/loft locations in LA that you recommend
Doing lots of laundry in preparation for NOLA #ala11. Now to figure out what to wear.
#gail2010 anne pemberton from uncw is hilarious. The needs analysis session underscores how design & analysis can rework IL instruction
"Infrastructure" that is...
CHEERS TO THE FREAKIN WEEKEND
~Great song! We are playing it in the office now! Thanks!
you're hella talented. great job <3
You my people, but I look out for you and you never look out for me
I am at the scanner now. Standby.
You gotta own it if you want it
Invitation to provide evidence searching and appraisal services to support ESA review on safe procedural sedation and a
Only thing that fails about the new job is the lack of a good place to rustle up some vittles nearby.
Southland is always empty 👍
Lol like fa real RT : The luckiest man on earth, he got em all! RT : Who the fuck is "Him" lol
that place is amazing
I wish I could be there this morning, I am so proud of you! (: I love you baby <3
i find it odd how my eye only hurts when i bend down to put something away. the pressure kills it
Yes, it will be a huge help. Helps her, too. She works in KC now but keeps her home in Carrollton where I grew up.
": Blow the door wide open like up up and away."
While Americans are buying guns in hysterics, actual political policy issues are passing through Congress. Don't forget your representatives
Student asks to keep FLES & says, "FLES me enseño a leer y hablar ESPAÑOL. Maybe in ur generation you didn't have the opp. as we do now."
So we should see you again after the new year?
the bird bird bird, the bird is the werd?
Alittle respect goes a long way
no one now! </3
Security and reliability of data are top tech priorities at says
I'm IN LOVE with deep water running. I think I may go 5x a week. It says I burnt over 1000 cals!
Britten and Brulightly by Hannah Berry for
#NeverSayNever is on instant. Sorry I am NOT Sorry!
RT : I want 2011 to be the year everyone sees in what all of you see. Love you guys for being in this with us!
oh hell, double standard tuesday in the gop has got me giggling for the inevitable #Obama2012 landslide.
you seem interesting. So I followed you... I see you are in Chicago??? Nice!
it should be under macintosh HD/Applications
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
sister grabbin me some lunch as soon as I wake up. I say hey today is going to be a good day
is there a concert in las Vegas on 8/3/2013 or is it on 8/2/2013. Not sure because both dates are on website? Please answer
Ugh my stomach is about f'd up just as much these red neck's down here...#VicennesRants >.<
Hope everybody had an amazing weekend! I did! Stayed busy, sorry for scarce tweets!!! Xo
so dedicated. you will go far, Jakey-san.
It's not supposed to rain in Perth. It's summer there.
: Thanks for spending Earth Day with us! Enjoy growing your basil and compost worms.
still trying to figure that one out...
i like being by myself , don't gotta entertain anybody else . i like my space
ah, that's it!
I'd like to give it a try...How do I apply?
I know 2 companies/websites that are interested.
trust no MAN..only GOD
If something isn't done, every single department manager will have quit before Christmas. CLEARLY THERE'S A PROBLEM HERE, PEOPLE
please do me the biggest favour and follow my friens she LOVES.. OBSESSES with you:o
Looking forward to spending the afternoon with the good peeps from the !
Wish I could ever remember to listen, dadgum it. It is streamed too, right?
This presentation abt using wikipedia to improve access is fabulous.
“: Former #Denver mayor Willington Webb came out today to speak in favor of #CivilUnions #COLeg”
Liz truly loves her fans. Every single one of you supporting her. she loves you. <3
we expect to continue rapidly expanding the universe of electronic additions available on Axis 360
thanks man.
Bumpin Chris brown mixtape it's kinda straight
Countdown to final auditions - can't wait to have this film cast and be able to really see these lead characters come to life!
Hey Angela, thanks for sharing quite a few of our blog posts & videos! Happy Friday :)
I can't believe Ted Nugent would try to use his freedom of speech
Fuck man my phone is gonna die and I hardly used it. Today
Amazing moment w/ #ManCity, but 1 ?: If same record as #ManU, why use goals tiebreaker and not playoff?
I <3 our postal system. It's so... taped together.
Another sunny day in portland will it last?????
did you see avengers yet?
tell them anything but dont tell them all the truth
#KSsynapse R.Tsien: Have also combined miniSOG w/ TimeSTAMP to visualize, at EM level, a specific pop. of proteins made at a specific time.
omg girl i luv the way u think
The scapula and the clavicle have a long standing relationship...mainly because they find each other quite humerus.
Like Duncan Oughton as a color commentator.
Interesting stat... RT "around 110,000 records are made a year, we're covering about 1500 of them"
Follow me on Instagram
is it still illegal to use sticky glue so we can catch the dang ball?!!!
#Badgers win 79-71! First win in the #B1GTourney since 2008. It's Wisconsin, Michigan State tomorrow. We'll have live coverage at 11 am ct
Success! Got in via iPad! Apple really is the brand that keeps on giving. See everyone at B & Olney.
Not quite: a Jewish stove means you set it beforehand so it heats up on the Sabbath so you don't have to touch it that day.
Awesome blog, thanks cant wait to read upcoming blogs
I have boy plants. I don't know why. :)
The rest of my joke,what did the ghost say to the bee? Boobees RT if you get that!
This is the best day EVER! SpongeBob
Super jealous that and are at #cildc but hoping they have a great conference!
#ff These are smart, helpful and wonderful Seattle women to follow if you are on twitter to learn
That's really all I know
do you realize whenever you say soon it never happens....?
Your Acct was hacked and is posting Dms with links to malware. Time to change your password.
Do charity silently or else the charity is you.
No sweeping up cheese and lettuce when all you do is talk about their problems..they unload anyway we can at least be in a comfy office.
thanks Craig! :)
Sunday mornin in the cubicle. Lets do this!
I lost most of my contacts, great -.-
I just made me some grits! man, these are soo good :))
Lot of talk about UK not leading for Bennett, even with Florida dropped. I guess it's time for the staff to put all out press on Jefferson.
They say nigga- I been noing them since dey nose was running!! Shitd! Not me! I say dey was"Young Swag" now I say SwaggD OUT!
- we're now available for download in Canada's Appstore :)
Early morning drive through downtown blasting beach house. Pretty stellar.
At Public Policy Forum lunch featuring Martin Kaiser of Milw Jrnl Sentinel. Tablet adoption rate greater than any previous technology.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON<3!!!!
hey i changed my name its now ilove_mahone12
Don't forget we are closed on Thursday. So now is your time to get your Island Fryday's fix!
I wanna grill like the dude off #HowHigh .... #INeed$ - that way I don't have to talk to ppl either, I'll just let em read the golds!
Thanks Dr. Ferris for all of her work with the MYC. We wish you luck at your new job and will miss you very much!
Basketball Belles=great read! Wish there were more nonfic picture books about basketball, just as there are for baseball.
Bulls Derrick Rose will play tonight - only 14th time this season that Chicago will have its full lineup...
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there! Hope you felt loved and appreciated for all you do! Love ya Mom <3
yup. So glad I'm not in that business!
no problem Bob:)
I don't either lmao
nd then you spelled it wrong so i walked away shakin my head
Jam is a little sticky, how bout "like he was a cheesecurd"
Anything special planned for tonight in Chicago? Some live piano? Your sets always give me a special feeling!
Blue stands for truth, honesty, loyalty, and integrity. Promotes thoughtfulness and creativity; suggests knowledge; calms the mind!
thank you for spreading the word about my fundraiser! I want to help your organization anyway I can!
Thanks for the RT :)
That was me ;-)
Can't wait for your season! I would love to do your hair + makeup here in CLT!!
Later Twitter..
sitting home and relaxing. prom is coming up and i'm super excited!!!! :D:D:D:D
not 8 foot.
#Giants Home Opener!! Time to #Bartab! #GoGiants!
Thanks to all of our new followers and RT-ers for the love last week! Stay tuned for the announcement of our gift certificate winner!
Watching Martin on MTV2.
naw I mean to fly to Houston lol
Butch Roy picks me up in his action van and I feel like i'm in the A Team- only no BA since Minneapolis has no black people.
also Costco is pretty good @ making things right (i use to work there) just call or go back later.
Wonderful, Thank you for the reply!
#Census 2010: Texas becomes a majority-minority state for the first time based on official 2010 results; its switch occurred in 2005
#1waytopissmeoff ; Is when people lie to me.
We must cultivate a testimony that has a solid foundation or we will be swept away by the cunning craftiness of Satan
Watching #TanishaGetsMarried it's hilarious!!! Make room 4 the
LOTS of park 3 #Vinylmation in the open trade boxes at Epcot right now!
If Youkilis is on block, and Sox will eat some cash, the pirates should give chase
i just think anything will be better than winter at this point...
#UnitedGA is tomorrow @ 8pm est!!! Details coming very soon!
Like they added a new master suite onto the house but you have to go outside and around the garage to get to it.
I think we could all like to dedicate that song to someone and it would make us smile
Rock on. Enjoy.
Congratulations! Quite an accomplishment!
follow me!!!! it would make me the happiest person on earth
Just looked at some horrifying pictures from the oil spill in the gulf. Very scary.
hope you like!!!
Gonna try and make today a great day:)
Me too :\ RT I hate it when I don't realize my typo or error until someone RTs my tweet. *mutter*
I just signed up and I am in District 11
Tell me this: you've atleast felt the same thing once or twice too, right?
soo excited :D
I don't think Matt Kemp wants to finish 2nd in the MVP voting this year
Boarding This Flight To ATL ✌✈
thank you! :)
But you'd wanna smoke! Lol RT I wish Snoop Dogg would narrate all documentaries! I would actually not fall asleep! :p
When in France, do as the French! ^_^
It's going very well! We're already gearing up again for HHC here in the office - it will be here before we know it!
Stranded in the desert wit a hot chick yea i ca work wit dat
Happy New Year tidings to all and followers. Here's to a fabulous year in
I remember 9 yrs ago when I got my license gas was only $1.49 a gallon
Don't miss your chance to see Westlife at Doncaster Keepmoat Stadium this Saturday! Tickets still available.
excited to see what i can make with a pile of 3/16" x 3/16" x 8' wood scraps.
#skin let's do it. Champs and Bjs haha
you stopped talking to me ! lol. good. you ?
the moment is now...the moment is now....the moment is now....
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! V
Actually... not Thursday... that's taken. :)
Found what's probably the right dataset, can't open it due to lack of download permissions. Waiting for IT.
S/o to for the tribute track....it jus copped that joint much respect to u bruh
F A AND FIND SOMETHING MORE IMPORTANT TO REPORT
... I think I just broke twitter. :)
Shoutout to my best fiend I'm twitting this for you girl
Thank you, thank you! RT : Happy Birthday to the very fabulous
Ohio Chautauqua & the CIVIL WAR moves to CHESTER - opening night on Tuesday 7/12 - complete schedule at www.ohiohumanities.org
I wonder if McCarthy knows the words to "hit the road jack "
I practice inpatient med so that hasn't been a goal. Think it's good for many things but for most, won't=huge referral source.
This is sweet, though I can't figure out how to use it!
I can't watch this anymore, I'm gonna watch Space Jam lol.
Springfield, Oregon...who would have guessed.
I put myself out there and asked the question a guy should ask, bad idea! </3
Flowers grow out of dark moments. ~Corita Kent
I feel like death.
Excited for the show tonight!
LOL nothing wrong with that get it !!!
“: Lord, I know all sins are equal...but can u hold killing someone over sneakers a little higher than the rest...Amen.”
Hope you find a way to make it work. Creatives doing "shut up and draw" work is never a good thing.
The secret to winning is constant, consistent management.-- Tom Landry
"yeah I hope it does too lol : I hope it rains on everyone at the Drake concert lol"
cool- they are fun to film!
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed the hunt for green october
oh yes we are. We are visionaries. #fangirlinghardcore but it's ok... Haha
Listening to Shinedown!
O's punished the Dead Sox again today 8-2! Hit a bomb so far Rondo caught it at the TD Garden! Let's go O's!
I'm craving zucchini and asparagus ):
Happy Birthday to Melissa Joan Hart and to Britt Robertson
Have created 2nd Twitter site, , primarily for political stuff, so I don't burden my writing/editing & other followers w/ it.
I know :( juggling two jobs makes one's social life so taut, it's no fun! oic When u gonna start nmn??
Obama openly supported gay marriage in a Wednesday interview with ABC's Robin Roberts, marking a historical milestone for the gay community.
Today my bro B-day... yall wish him a happy b-day
Drove past Tram's Salon and I thought for a second it said Trey's. Trey?
sitting in class...struggling o.O
My head is filled with social media terms, network architecture, objectives, measurements, and more. Learning so much in this new job.
Cafe LuLu with for some drinks & appetizers!
you coming back to maine to race in the 250?
very cool that is on the roster of #PdF12 speakers! innovative & effective way to reach English learners in #China cc
Seeing Sandi Patty and in "Hello Dolly"
DO YOUR THING BROTHER
#Kentucky Final Four watch parties: Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset. Find more on our site....
Not a group sir...but an individual...Tevin Campbell...
Its raining in LA. It's beautiful. Makes me miss Houston.
theres always that moment when u just feel like u want to break down and desperately need a hug but at the same time u feel so alone :(
thanks for the vegFF! :B
My hair is so messy
Hey what's up
Don't forget! We play at the Foundry Friday night for Deeper Life!
Puerto Rican run here I come! Find me raging on the beach tonight!
Interesting place to feel people's love and pain. Sending only love~
Just saw #TheHungerGames and it was the #bestmovieever!!
C'mon Preds...one last push.
but you always wear latex!
new recipes for MREs!
He actually has a DJ name but it escapes me. He used to spin with Steve Sleeve from Shapers and Hood Internet.
Short evening tonight, bed at 9p and up for work at 4a :( lol
It will never happen is a pussy, unless you get him liquored up then he goes straight for the junk
so true!
IKEA will always hold a special place in my heart :) was part of the first date w/ my bf, hahaha.. love it! good luck! have fun!!
you will not defeat me!! Themes fixed!!
Good Luck to all of the SCAQers who are racing Malibu tomorrow!!!
I'm all for meeting new people but I'm also all for only having 5 friends that I actually keep in contact with daily.
your so awesome!!! Please follow back!! :D PLEASE
You calling me out?! hee hee. I am an SEO strategist for a hospital. Still not sure what doing when I grow up, though.
I created the Co-writer Bulletin Board to try to help. Does anybody have any other tips, or tricks for finding a good co-writer?
On the way! Might be a few min late
The world of documentary is a tough shell to crack. Particularly, when you attempt to inhabit grayscale space.
I would see if i have good aim in the toilet & Oh yeah Flap away
"in the city where the women are real" obviously Pitbull doesn't know Miami very well.
Have word that the airborne #rbms11 folks are diverted until weather clears! Let's hope they aren't too bored!
#Pilates will tone, strengthen, and lengthen your body!
511? same here. ended up completely going in a new direction as time progressed.
Cause you make my heart race!♥
The smile and the taste of a fresh ruby red grapefruit! Yummy
Never trust a man in a wheelchair with dirty shoes.
My hair-cut lady didn't like my logic today: "My Dad hasn't used conditioner in over 50 years & he's the only one of his friends not bald."
Looks like I just found an excellent source for for articles on audio recording- look for them soon on www.primalcine.com
Tampa protestors are leaving for #Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally.
Trying out Twitter Lists. I've created one for STC chapters and SIGs /stc.
saying hi to the beautiful dani, happy wednesday to you
Everyone I Know Is Either On Their Period , Just Got Off , Or About To Start .
I apologise to everyone who received bad emails from me. I was hacked. The problem seems under control now.
have arrived at #intlib10 Massive tweets til Wed on lib tech stuff. Just to warn y'all
Preparing the back half of #Piranha3DD for its final mix. It sounds cool. Keep an eye out for it in 2012!
#Iwish i had someone to occupy my thoughts
showing of beautiful maps and cartography via
Are you here? We're in 108.
WHY DO BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GO GOOD PEOPLE. WHY.
My roomie is a professional.
The show starts at 8pm but we are having activities for the kids from 7-8pm in our M&T Bank Pavilion
she always talks about it cause me and my brother fight... shes always threatening us with taking away the internet..
There's the Justine I know and love!
Open Auditions on May 28 at COCA. More info to follow.
When u getting some paper ,now get ready for Haters ..
Build a responsive site in a week: designing responsively (part 1)
haha. a thank you would be much appreciated. I'm making your bitch famous.
FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff | News for Dallas Texas ...: Perhaps more common amongst ethnic groups, it's only a matter of ...
Short skirt + high winds = not a good idea
wow. You guys are so amazing :) you get better every time I hear y'all! I love you guys!
We should've called it the "Rip off " contest.
RT : Lost something in the #IUPUI library? Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk. We have lost flash drives.
Hi Kristine. How are you? I've been off line a lot the past few days, solar flares messing with my internet? Hope you're well
cool. I might be back in the A next week. Depending on what's going on
"I gotta model in high heels she 6'4, but it don't mean shit tho, if a nigga call I bet she get low"
Bruce Houghton: any new product or service must feel revolutionary AND comfortable to users.
You are most welcome!
He need to call he starting to worry me.
Parking gods! Why have you.forsaken me?
after her fake marriage, Kim's so over. No one cares anymore.
Ryan Krasney rendition of National Anthem at #Nationals Park. Well done.
hm no I think it was !
i am late, but that statement spoke volumes!!! often times we really assume this.
I just found out that my phone has the ability to be a wireless hotspot... made my day!!
I hate commercials :/
Ok...random Q..how are Jack & Chuck Bass related?! He's Chuck's uncle, right? Which means his sis is Chuck's mom? cc:
Your attitude determines your altitude!...Stay positive! #SHMS dropping knowledge!
Design That Inspired Steve Jobs (AAPL) via
i know it sucks so r u buying one?
If #Arabs would realize #ArabSpring is something we invented to EXPLOIT - understanding #truth about #syria would be A WHOLE LOT SIMPLER. :(
I'm the same way , but shit neither of us have to its gon be FREE.
Are you ready for the campiest movie of the decade? I am!
Looking forward to you and burning up the dance floor!!!
This voice in my head that I've had 4 yrs, says they love me.What is love if u can't c the person.It's like I hav an annoying bf in my head
Oh boy. Buckle your seatbelts. Today is getting a little bumpy.
Happy birthday !
Without a phone thanks to Coke -_-
New wheels just came out..my ladies ridin 3 Series, 5 Series BMW & C Class Benz hit me up. Classy affordable wheels. B the 1st
Congrats to on a great season, despite falling 13-11 today to #Colgate in the #NCAAMLax playoffs at Garber Field.
“: Bout to crush some arms and shoulders #IronMafia #BeDetermined”. Knock it Out!
Plan your spring outdoor rooms or now. Be ready, don't wait because #Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter,
Richard Belzer rocks
My friend has been raving about Must find and try now.
Go Ravens!!
I'm gon have to call my barber hands. Dis nigga always gotta make phone calls and shit and wonder why he don't get no tip
Question where in the US do you live?? This is not meant to be a creepy tweet!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're playing Guitar Hero and you miss a long note
We Sure Hope that Beyonce gets mon to sit for Blue Ivy so she can Pay Tribute To Whitney Houston at the Grammys tomorrow
naw I'm just better skilled lol
Half time and spurs are up by 4.... 56-54.. GO SPURS GO
WOO REPPING BRAZIL CAPOEIRA
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right?
Decoded: Sanchez is terrible & we don't want to admit it. MT“: #Royals confirm LHP Jonathan Sanchez on disabled list.”
He doesn't find it too scary?
Let us know how the Passover pizza is!
i am the coolest 29-year-old ALIVE.
That looks healthy and dangerous all at the same time. Good luck.
Also sounds like South Bound on the Hoan is shut down
Go MU beat the Badgers.
Writing bromides from self-proclaimed "snarky" writer types irritate the living shit out of me. But what can you do...
Oh no isn't attending? You will be missed!
Yeah I do. $80 a piece. Dm'd you.
Surrendering my car to the gov go ahead I don't have nothing to hide
It was amazing meeting tonight at the Coca-Cola holiday party!!!!!!
I hope to be soon as well
Shout to the birthday boy :)
Or a #boozah ?
Thanks for picking us up, and feel free to check out our own hyper-local comedy podcast. Baltimore never sounded so good!
Parkway Drive is so much fun to jam to.
Sadly I had to stop playing #ME3 for the night. I shall say goodnight until it be marrow.
Who knows anything about Nashville songpluggers? Looking for somebody good who will make major pitches. Have you ever heard of ____? askme
Playstation Network has an update for the PS3. Now I guess the browser can render interactive websites now.
Today I learned that people in Milwaukee walking down Brady Street sometimes emulate the haircut of Skrillex.
#shoutsout to for #promoting me telling 4lks to #follow me..I c u #thanks hun
yeah I feel you
Already a #Jets fan favorite here on Twitter, singled out as UDFA who has impressed Rex. Tweaked hammy today.
Is at the Academy Awards!!..by that I mean I am as close as someone with no ticket or affiliation to the awards can get..
Just received word (from Maghound) that the Advocate magazine is ending it's publication this month. That's a sad thing.
You dont deserve no hate. I deserve hate
I'll never leave. Rdio is just so easy to use compared to spotify
had a blast guys! Thanks again! We're the ones that've been in #ABQ a year now
prince of da city mixtape coming soon hosted by me
I miss the fam...
Definitely didn't look like he did, refs weren't counting. He wouldn't have if Scalabrine didn't yell at him from the bench.
enjoyed the day and all that came with it. family time is the best time. happy bday to my sis alexia:-) we had a rocking good time
Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
RT : Undie Sunday numbers are in from today 565 pairs of socks, 432 pairs of underwear, and 55 bras!!!!
Church was awesome! It was an honor to have at The Bridge tonight. God bless you brothers in Christ.
"Awake my soul"
- almost did in the tournament back in '08 (71-70) We'll see...
aye detention buddy xD it's isabelle :D
really? Why?
A break up is like a broken mirror. Its better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it.
If I wasnt who I am, I would've been movin out by now
"Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor."
algebra homework, yayy:D
awhhh . (: he's gonna be cute and come out with a six pack of abs lol
wait do you have a tumblr cuz ik a person from thier that has one
Put These Bitches On LockOut
Chocolate brought to me directly from Austria...one piece a day.
I've heard good things about that. The interview w filmmaker made me hungry and want to see the film.
Loved #Pompeii at ! Amazing!
Young, fresh minds who can bring new ideas helps create a great story for an org.
establishing difference as natural is anthropological certainty - a suicidal courage one must have in modesty.
Well shit. RT I'm feeling like a champion.....champion hitman
I'm glad the adapter worked. Go MACs :) I promise, it's really not all that complicated.
#CommonTattoos hot topless mermaid, that 30 years later looks like a dragon.
How did I miss this!?!
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Yes! What a great weekend of basketball!
Good morning!!.. Have a great hump day!!
Friday we will be at Habitat for Humanity by Warm Springs and Tamarus. 215 Exit Warm Springs, west, right on Tamarus. End of street.
Not to go all math on you two, but the 11.7 is slightly more of the team's available minutes than the 14.0.
It worked for bar owners...why not apply it within the petroleum industry? Happy Hour gas specials?
you busy tonight??
Always have a plan B :)
“: #truth you are in the losers seat when you are not loving!”
#VoteGrahamBGT comeon get him to the final! He's so funny :]
I just want Skullgirls to come out already. :(
i am requesting some cinnamon rolls...feel free to ship them
shout out to carlos del3no
Why cant come to dc D: waiiiiii </3
AMEN. Sincerely, Just got off working an 8 hour shift in a drive-thru window.
Kenny the beagle that was inside a truck stolen from Culloden, has been found! Being reunited with his owner now.
RT A headband
SEO NEWS: What's Better - On-page SEO or Link-building?
A little. Also, should show up and gloat. :)
ohkay that's too much
Congrats and thank you for helping us spread the good news!
You should speak w/the guys. They've got some awesome customers.
I was stationed in AR when that happened. But we made that detour on the drive back from AK in 85, quite a sight
Just booked NCIS: Los Angeles - auditioned ON my birthday this past Friday so what a nice gift!
Oh I thought they were just opening for them! this is even better!!
I miss you! Only 4 tweets from you today
Ever meet that person you really wish you hadn't?
Over here playin cards in choir right
LIBERTY SMITH the musical: www.fords.org/event/liberty-smith and FIRST DATE the musical: www.5thavenue.org/show/firstdate1112/
Happy Birthday to you! Enjoy your day! Xo
on TV or IRL?
September 4th-Private Wedding September 15th- Grand Openong of Tucson Club October 9th -Salvadorean Restaurant October15th- Private Party
Thanks for the #FF!
;O assasin How do you get gold in Elder scrolls oblvion?
digital cable from a converter box sux
txt me i lost your numbaa
Happy new year!!!!
RT : Laying down to watch this #BehindTheMusic can't wait for a BTM in 15yrs
been a long week! Relaxing with my furry child Harley!! Have a great weekend!! Happy Kom Yippur!!
Running today with the neighborhood group! Bring on this fabulous Saturday!
no its mine lol
in the metro area?
Beautiful day. Planning my day around a lunch ride on my Bicycle. #Carmel has close to 200 miles of trails and paths
Anyone blogging about their 2012 goals? I'm curious what other people are planning.
i've been consistently gaining simply because I like beer, and chocolate. I need a way to help me portion control my meals
So interesting to hear board members' thoughts on college success for our kids. Kicking off our October benefit felt good 2!
its draft day and i could care less
thunder video is dope !
I mean...someone tell me how I'm supposed to act. I'm trying to protect myself.
There is a sweet new product coming this year! It's going to blow your mind!
hey, it was nice meeting you too.
*scrambles frantically to get to Grace's FB page*
This #Mizzou game is so exciting to follow, even on gamecast. I don't think I'll be able to sleep until it's over.
This cup of coffee this morning never tasted better :) Have a great, productive, kick butt day peeps!
haha and harry you know the most about it so im sure u corrected him. Lol <3
twice in one week?? you #VIP, you. RT I'm at HB Home Bistro (Chicago, IL) w/ 2 others
... You know it playa
tim duncan is going to be 45 putting game in these young boys...
Been to 3 Cubs games with my little bro at Miller Park: Z's no-no, ReJo's grand slam robbery, and this marathon. Always memorable here.
Summer produce is at an end. Heavier dishes r on the menu and you should be seeing more offal. God I love Fall. Can't wait for parsnips.
Im Just Telling The Truth Girlly.<3 I Was Like "Look How Beautiful This ICONiac Is" Heheh #ICONicBoyzOnEllen Need To Happen(;
Gonna upload some pics from on #DreamMachines make sure to check them out
The Bengals are starting to look for real. As an Ohio native it's nice to see. And the Browns won not often you'll see both those teams win.
So FIU has a new online store. I heard they're going to be offering special deals to their twitter followers. Follow
Well, I originally only lost movement in my pinky finger but now it looks like I've lost movement in my ring finger as well = /
Oh--that's really lovely. I'm glad
Welcome to Wilmerding :) hehe i love this place!
hanging out with and at the party! #sxswsea ftw!
its ok its not like you're making fun or anything it's my videoo that made u laugh that makes A HAPY CAMPER SHARE IT THO PLZ <3
Kristen Stewart sports &#39;60s look on ELLE UK magazine cover (Photo, poll)
let's smoke a bluuuunthaha
I want my kids to stay in school but sometimes wonder why. MT : 28 yrs ago w/ $1K instead of studying for finals I started Dell.
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
But most 20 year olds with 2 years of college are more mature than a 19 year old with none.
i'm usually a coffee person but i'm currently undergoing a pomegranate green tea obsession
Join us at PRO-Brookfield from 11:00-1:30 today. FREE shirt for registering on site and anyone can enter to win a VIP entry!
2011.08.18 #Dodgers 5 #Brewers 1 | You can't win them all / Kershaw neutralizes Crew / Brewers hit the road
Oh none so far. I'm just putting it out there. Don't have time for it. Mischief maybe, but not shenanigans. :)
Loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable
#tempo at 83 i think imma put my country potna on it wit his accent it will sound raw
Is your online site down
i really don't understand the 'listed' partt. i can't get any lists to follow me :/
#LadyGaga will be at the #VerizonCenter tonight! Who's going?
Its almost the exact opposite lifestyle....except the partying!
are amazing right now :) i feel like I'm facilitating the party haha
POLL QUESTION: what are you doing to ward off the Ides of March? Careful out there, kids!
yeah I believe and I both know why its too late
I'm starting a band with ! We'll play 80s folk songs with a dash of classics, a swirl of Ke$ha, and an occasional BMTH. \m/
I got my copy last weekend & started reading it last night. He's such a great guy, looking forward to reading his stories!
nice Ms J
I level up quick xD
the sheetz by my work is now open.. sa-weet!!!
hope you're having fun making gifbooms. :] well goodnight sweet dreams and love you :*
just as we remembered.
84 cappers with their College Hoops up today so far with 2 consensus from their plays with more to come.
You go! RT : 1 month ago I chopped off my hair. I'm now enjoying the most beautiful kurly kinky hair of my life!
Adult lullabies should be a thing.
Sara omg it was on your B-day 2yrs ago you were so sick missed your party I felt bad that it happened to such a sweet person
I see you! Let us know how Premiere Events plans to support the Year of Boulevard! ;-)
Thanks to and all of you guys that made it out last night. See you next week!
Well that was fun
totally agree! we need to get ryno back at wrigley!
get one fo our last 8 pairs of this collection for $50 only! clearence! contact us at
With 50 days to go, construction on Belle Isle is underway & the staff is working hard to bring the race back bigger & better than ever!
Thanks for the RT!! I appreciate it :)
Shoutout to !! Get her to 600 & youll get a shoutout RT when you did(: only 10 people please follow her!
Good morning all you wonderful peeps
Always knew that dude was smart. ;-)
are you going to be performing back in town on tour
Shot an amazing ranch for Marie Mcmillian.off the grid with breathtaking terrain. Over 500 acres of land with springs/gorges/dinosaur poop?
I'll be performing as a member of the band for the musical, "Anything Goes", at the Long Beach Center Theatre this weekend.
Much love! Not all of us are racists. I hate racism!!!!!! I judge people by how they treat me, not their skin color:)
Busy weekend but its all worth it...
See you tonite for the 8:30 show. Looking forward to seeing the place, and hearing Carole Montgomery!
:) Yeah, I'm not a fan of rain either, but when the lawn starts turning a crispy brown, it's a welcome change.
Michael, where are you looking to purchase a house? I may be able to help you out. Let me know!
Shoes are overtaking my room. I haven't decided if this is a problem yet.
- Man it was nice to meet you and your lady the yesterday at Barns and Noble... Jason Ieda-Clarke (felon 31)
everything sounds better slower/lower. you can take that to the bank.
midnight dessert snack?
People always raving bout the Blind Side. It's not that great a movie...
Pretty sure my head is going to explode.
Strange since consensus seems to be that that Bucks took G.S to the cleaners? Good deal for the Bucks imho!
Nobody told Arnold Schwarzenegger that you can't do to the hired help what he did to the California Legislature.
So, just for the record, the Celtics are getting all of the calls tomorrow night, even some you've never heard of.
Clarinet Studio Recital Tonight. Students of Caroline Hartig 6 PM!!!!
Despite my technical Tweeting difficulties, very much enjoyed an excellent panel.
I will turn their mourning into joy and will comfort them and give them joy for their sorrow. Jeremiah 31:13
If I had a racoon in the attic I wouldn't give my wife a paint gun to get rid of it, Who wants a spotted house.
I hate when my booty goes to sleep....can sumone wake it up.....pleeeeaaassse!!!
Simply doing household chores and keeping an active lifestyle may lower Alzheimer's risk.
RT : If I responded with, "Maytheschwartzbewithyou." Would u know what I meant, would you think I'm crazy? (Spaceballs!)
Yep. RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adrian/etc get on a regular basis. Tremendous player.
RT Everyone is selfish at times.. so dont trip when i say whats mine is mine.
Oh, also, ONE MORE WEEK.
Much love for the FF, sweetness! :)
Saturday night
Coaches switch teams all the time.
releasing a new song next week! We are going back to record 6 more songs to make a full length
You can beat Beth Phoenix!!!!!!!
Getting my workout in! 30 minute run, 10 minutes of HIIT and 20 minutes of abs! What are you doing today?
omg that's pure funny <3.
Art and literature wrapped into one delightful package, and most of them are under $20.00. They smell good too!
I cannot speak of the things I've seen...
Happy birthday lil bro finally 16!
Frolfed a -2 despite the wind. Nice!
I bet the feds know :)
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.”--Dr Seuss
If the pacers win I'm running outside naked, that's how I hate Lebron
?I am in control of some things. I can choose. My next moment can be meaningful or it can be wasted.? ? Rock Christopher
he better! This is once in a lifetime
congratulations on the launch!
Looks like a beautiful day and I am contemplating going to Taste of Chicago to take pictures.
I hate when he falls asleep while im textin him D:
My pleasure. Had a great #Easter weekend. Hope you did too.
that's too much work lol
An electrician is a bright spark who knows what's watt.
RT : Now #hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012... ?? Yoga doubles ?
not a damn thing. Just sitting around
How was I not following before now?
lol im a little scared cuz for some reason the squirells here like to attack ppl...and ur welcome
Dogs don't have ear drums. So when you blow smoke into them, it goes straight through the auditory tube to the cerebral cortex.
Ah yes.. 12:41 as in 1241 (that road) in a town where I grew up. Its the address to the home I was raised in, where I am at this time.
Please don't tell me that this stupid heart condition thingy is coming back.
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyway..
The value is not instant results, but instant context, feedback, potential for iteration.
A genius! For 37 years I've practised fourteen hours a day, and now they call me a genius!
#Reds WIN!
This just went from weird to creepy...
was in this morning!
Cee-lo looks like a 300 pound Sean Combs.
Lets hope you know some people with that avatar. #scary RT : Its all about who you and what you can do for them.
Thank you, Adobe Dreamweaver, for deciding to break the day my webdesign project is due. As if I haven't had enough problems with this class
followed, follow back?
GOOD LUCK to everyone. We are all winners in our efforts to change our world.
Your performance was like the sun, WAY TO HOT.
Responsibility to do this work- its the work of human beings.
By the way, we killed a squirl..
RT : Yes but always watch your back too. RT : Focus on the competitor, but only while it is ahead
just got home from school :boring!
me too that would be awesome we should get her to come with 1D when they come to KC.
You mean it's not??
wish she would do another
That whole idea is crazy-sauce, yo.
that's a good way to be everyday!
Baked Tofu at #TheBeanNYC is pretty slammin'.
It also proved to be a fantastic way to get Kathy Griffin to stop calling here..my God, that women is persistent...
Omg somebody sold me Gillie da kid new mixtape Smh ...He need to jus get a job now he outta pocket..
Any #slpeeps thinking of going to the Natl CAS conference sponsored by CASANA in July? Boston-area, MA
Hello. Is it possible to get an interview with you? (:
The remake of Arthur made me watch the original, which is a really charming film.
I’m here to bring you quick and healthy tips and recipes for the whole family!
hey guess what!
Happy 4th of July to all!!!!!! have a extraordinary day.
Four Tips to Save Money on Energy and Make Your Home More Attractive to Buyers - Fox Business
Is Amare downplaying the severity of the injury or is source lying? 'Source' reporting gets carried away...
Is anyone else's pandora streaming been sucking ass lately? Or is it just coincidently all the internets I've been attached to?
I love you!
Triumphant return to #Baldoni's in lovely Menominee Falls!!
I feel like you just live to hurt me. #whyareyousocruel?
Mine coming next Thursday. Go team!
#camas #teachers rock! We are so fortunate and appreciate them all!
u went to bed so goodnight(; our first game is tomorrow against one of our main rivals<33 u owe mee goodluck wishes
yes to rager no to vegetarianism. I see a juicy burger in your future!
Guess what? It's Sushi Den time! I'm so gonna stuff that raw fish all up in my eat-hole!
RT : Im sure The dog gets the gravity of the moment. #Oscars #tweetroast though not as much as a heavier dog would.
yes sir!
Happy Friday, Boo!
Just finishd my performance sang nature boy, killing me softly, & you haven't done nothin'
RT : relievers are the worst
haha that's why you gtta a big ass mouth!!!! :D
totally want one.
Who's your favorite Martial Artist past /present? Join us Battle of Atlanta June 17-18 www.battleofatlanta.info Meet the Legen
#Ariadneaufnaxos = the original
They rule :)
yeah cx cause everytime I ask him he says no :p
#adtechSF keynote. Amazon's mantra should be EVERY company's mantra: personalize, innovate. scale (quality first).
just called this kid a goober. LOL .
RT : "...the God of the excluded can only be revealed in the community of the excluded." - Marcella Althaus-Reid
Christian will be there. I have another meeting to go to. I know he will have fun seeing you!
F.A.I.T.H Will get me farther than Money...
Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the sha
a nigga horny this morning ...dam
KLBB 1400 has them right now RT Wonder which local radio station will get Packers broadcast rights.
There is "train the trainers" and then there is "lead the leaders."
bc yu haven't tlk to me in like 2 fukn weeks how was I suppose to know if yu still wanted to go
Thanks for the RT
Happy b-day Dr. Seuss! What is your fave Dr. Seuss story?
Marty is a former New York City Police Officer who received numerous citations during his ten years with the Police Department.
Ok I am going try to make it to see you hoop
"The Nightmare Dreamer" supposes that there was someone who could lie next to you and dream your nightmares for you.
The Communications Services Tax is definitely undermining infrastructure growth here in FL. Are you looking at removing this?
Had a great show loved my fans!!!!
Ouch? Royals drop 11 in a row? Get it together boys!
thank you.
Boosie gettin out murder bout 2 go up sad
I hope is ok :o
I hate it when I'm sitting here trying to WORK, and people keep asking what I'm doing and what I have to do. You can see I'm busy, jeez.
My home will be filled tonight with sounds from Licensed to Ill and Ill Communication as we reminisce.
A student from the instruction class dropped by the library to get some research help from me. Love when that happens.
As long as our great customers keep stopping by, we'll keep serving the best pizza pie! *hugs*
Ah. Interesting.
Prom soon :/
Cheyenne is now open in both directions.
loved ur performance
Lol I always have time for yall
heck yeah
Wizard of Oz at Pope Joy was awesome. The doge definitely stole the show and got the most applause.
I'm sick of people giving Obama stick for not showing emotion when things go wrong. I like calm competence. We didn't elect a therapist!
i would take either one of those right now. An hour and 15 minutes left
OREGON BANDS AND KIDS! If there were to be a W.O.W. banger what local bands would you want to see on the bill? What bands want in?
Thanks for the mention. We'll consider it.
nice!! i will(:
it was a gift to someone ann then theyy gave him to mee haha he's a good duckk
Forgot how much I LOVE new start ups!!
Late start due to Purdue game...head on over to Britton now!!! Come dance with us!!!
in case I don't think you enough..🎵🎶🎵
nice new avi
#Harmonica on stage right now at the Old Towne Pub!!!
Kenny, Is it necessary to jog from the desk to a green screen?
Yeah, I like the night when there's less people still going. It's easier to keep up with it all.
About a dozen Shaker seniors will be on stage today with the president including Andre Roberts, son of PD deputy business editor
Best couple= and
Live in the studio today we have Chris Holmes from WASP!!! A must listen interview and we'll post some vid as well!!!
Britney Spears music will always be played in my car. Loudly.
RT : now back to rehearsals.
sounds awesome. Having a great day here. Awesome photo shoot booked for tonight. Have a great week!
More Brendon & Rachel --- continuation from last night.
i love the donkey reference
I <3 Juan direction!!
It's easier to leave at 5:30 when the CEO does it and tells staff they should too. Most CEOs don't set that expectation.
in july i went to icon for a class and you were there and i was staring at you and then you looked at me and it was awk lol:)
take them. i don't need them :)
very cool!
Are we out of the woods yet New York?
Excited to jump into today. Watch out #devs, a lot of questions coming your way!
so is a bookshelf and a city. MT : an exhibit case or panel is a type of physical visualization of ideas, right?
it's been years since I have been to C-U but I find it hard to believe they'll ever close all the bars.
Or grow hairy palms RT : Don't retweet bait, or you'll go blind.
getting ready for the Raven in SF, CA
youre so cute ilysm good luck
Freaky Girls >>>>
Jello shots up the ass on mothers day
Okay got it.
#iwishicould drink Cuban coffee and eat cake pops all day. Come on by, and we'll make your dreams come true :)
online forums are full of scrubs who spend more time typing and less time doing. i rarely see anything helpful on them.
Heading to vegas to teach a 4day class. I am excited. This will be an awesome class.
Left of Center Concert Series Special Guest: Ken Filiano - Double Bass
Am i the only black person that hates being late?
Nothing says Holiday work lunch like Hooters!
With refs on his side, Bron went into #beastmode. Yikes, series over already?
3 DAYS UNTIL THE MAINE OMG???
Ready to head down south for what should be an interesting weekend.
I am THAT serious about tater tots.
Well you can't go wrong when you start with Springsteen, wrap it up with McCartney, and give Adele a few awards in between.
What To do what to do!
Aiden just got his first movie in the mail for Disney rewards codes. thanks to those who donated them. Still collecting if anyone has codes
Son was stung pretty pretty badly today by a jellyfish. The attention of the beautiful Thai women probably made up for it. ;)
Nice choices! And another fan of island flavor.
First friday! Having fun with and :)
in other news I got a B on my last science quiz so now I just have to do decent on the final
goodnight austin :) <3
Does anyone know how to deactivate an account if they forgot their password & email..?
Hello, friends and acquaintances and completely random followers. Life is crazy. I'll be around again eventually. Maybe. Sort of.
Watching vs Emma Hearst on ICA
walkoff strike out wild pitch perhaps?
I'm insecure, yea I make mistakes & sometimes I feel like i'm at the end of the road.
Just going to be going to the interactive conference to meet with entrepreneurs all week, then staying to party at sxsw music.
Bernanke can do so much.I think we need to just relax and hope for lower gasoline prices
I give respect where respect is due.
creative motivation: Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living and that enables you to laugh at life's realities~Theodore Geisel
Watching The Voice with Viggle Mon | 6PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
impromptu livestream with Harp & Soul!!!! come out to Studio 13 its Free!
I still haven't seen DH Part 2. ::ducks::
Holy layout change, Amazon. Looking good
Celebrate Black History w/ Salim Washington & The Harlem Arts Ensemble this Friday & Saturday 9pm&11pm sets.
I seriously want Cabbie to happen
I Will miss you I am a new York City Conservative Gal that believes in what you are all about Forgetthe others who are indignant.
SHUT UP I TOLD YOU WE'RE TWINS
To be or not to be -- that's the deal!
I see you've been deemed safe enough to allow on the Madison Media list. Congrats.
Got the fight on deck for tomorrow
": I'm such a stalker." Cough
playing dumb fails, but questions are a must! Without clear answers, we have weak strategy.
Brimming with bratwurst, waiting for the Wauwatosa fireworks at Hart Park. 9:15.
yum that all sounds delish! I ran into your mom at whole foods getting ingredients for beef bourguignon to cook with a friend
Frost me like a cake!!
haha this is to silly!!! shitty now though bc man city has a huge advantage now
Wow #MarchMadness every year you do this to me :(
Mine heats up too!! Hot!!!
yup. Got hacked. I've just been deleting those posts. Should I kill my account and start from scratch?
We'd love to hear your ideas. Hit us up at
Well good think I don't have his number otherwise i'd #DrunkDial him all of the fucking time.
Your wines not only make me happy and remind me why I ever got into this awesome industry! Keep up the great work. :)
You think that you know me. Baby you don't know a thing about me.
Bacon has some serious staying power! : #smcpdx "Want more followers? Turn on autofollow, tweet about bacon"
Whenever I feel lost I know I can count on my friends in Gretna to remind me who I am. The people who really know me!
what's wrong with this account if i'm gonna type i can't tweet it !
no plans right now (outside of our kids' mac-n-cheese pizza), but stay tuned!
We're on vacation tonight -- have a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday and enjoy our "best of" show this evening!
I might suggest doing both. At the same time.
Some ppl just go thru life, some ppl go HARD!
Vivat Rex => Long live the king
#WhyDoIHaveTo work today. Why can't I be playing?
u welcome
While not for nursing school, ReadPrint has every major classic literature book you can think of for free :)
Good Night
You're love has always been enough for me 💜
She took it to church.
How does my two year old son have more clothes than I do? 😣
she can type her own name? Wow.
Ok, replace "shoe" with "shotgun"
Dont trash your old computer!
Lot of folks coming to see the added screening of at SVA, tickets still available!!
So excited for the summer...just wish the weather would stay like it is right now!
Beautiful is what today is....enjoy life
ha true. Except the hot dog quality there is probably pretty poor
fat ass
It's a great day for some Red Raider basketball! Join us at the USA for fun , fellowship and to cheer on our team!
Wait wait wait. I thought #teamHovde was #ready to get the #endorsement at the
Nice to meet you Vienna!
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 14
I love
Toney Douglas is a F'N Mason tonight.
RT : Check the snazzy new homepage for 's Africa Rural Connect! <3 how it highlights project we've catalyzed...
some guy just told me "i like it up the butt" randomly
me me me!
Happy Times. :)
Does this also apply to theses? ;)
Leaving the camping place right now.
thanks! Haven't tried Rimel's but I did hit up Sbicca one day for a biz lunch.
Chicago author,date is really kicking my ass on this article. But if I throw CMoS at a wall I'm probably going to lose my deposit.
#same “: omg i am so rolling tivo on the nbc show w/ betty white right now... first tho ;)”
WOW absolutely amazing...you have my vote!!!
Kovie sticks it on.
Wondering what in the world i'm going to do with my ColdFusion 8 W.A.C.K books now that i'm switching to using PHP
we are in section 138 rows T and U seats ~ 28. Plenty of seats around us. :)
": ...until Batman shows up. :)"//connecting tweets make it hard for me to cleverly retort. :-)
Did you decide a name yet?!?!?
For the last days of my initial entry training, you will see posts of the creed I live by as an American Soldier.
Well come here and let me use you then!! lol
Brilliant! "Imported from Detroit" gave us chills! Clint Eastwood perfect!
Thanks Walter for recommending us!! We cant wait to feed your friends some great breakfast!
I should go to the casino with the amount of bird shit that's on my car after this workday.
Got a check hoe. Give me that shit u workin off my pay roll
Starbucks Blonde = Epic Fail?
Just left the PI. We ended up going w/ TurtleBayDivers for adv cert. Really liked TBD but conditions were awful this week!
for every 100 pages of notes I memorize, I am allowing myself one scratch off lottery ticket...
I accepted a position at in Calif. Change is tough, & I'll miss NASA HQ, but I'm excited to be part of the Ames team!
Guys, if it is germane...Navajo CPG voted 13-0 against a project. Plan. Comm. ignored the NCPI vote and approved...
To provide us with the illusion of hope.
you better stop... My head just got a little bit bigger, I felt it!
Don't forget 2 vote today believe it or not yours counts!
You'll have a great time I think.
Peyton...I am actually worried about IND this year. I know KC has a good def, but still!
I just heard #GladYouCame in the supermarket! Then a few minutes later I hear a guy whistling it, I'm loving this <3
ahh, so change autoconfirmation settings, so they cant create page right away. gotcha. good idea! thanks so much. anything else?
How on earth does this happen- 3 panels I want to go to at 1:45. Do I just run back and forth?
Thanks! I gotta win! :D
On tapped, Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge (replaces Chuckanut Brewing Kolsh Ale) yes on growler & $3 pints
so can infidelity ..;)
It's 9:44pm. Has Social Media become work or play for you at this point?
#np I'm so happy to hear this station, I had been listening to classical music on the radio, which was ok, but I missed words..
Only 65 days until 2012 Convention in Boston! Are you registered yet? Early bird rates until January 19.
You're welcome and ((hugs)) to you. I've been there. Ask any questions you have.
be my valentine?(:
you don't...you pick and choose what games to watch or just watch parts of every game
Any good quite lounge in NY? Soft music, warm atmosphere? I just want to go somewhere I can sit comfortably read a book and drink coffee.
#MrAttitude still mad? And it's starting to piss me TF off! Let me calm down before my blood pressure go up!
Im so tired I should have went to bed earlier
Why Robert, I don't think you should start anything you can't finish hun. ;)
i hate this class
#Blastoffnetwork just added Crowne Plaza, Staybridge Suites, and Candlewood Suites to the mall. All with up to 2% cash back.
typing on the bus produces typos -- sorry...
Rolling my foot on a trigger point ball under my desk... The
its a real shame though. id really like to see you all someday. one of your biggest fans in america right here haha
the young j5 michael had so much soul man
We look for something and ask everyone around to help only to find that it was in your hand the whole time.
I'm up to 208, and I have Ray Rice, Arian Foster, and Ravens D (against rookie QB) tomorrow.
I would really like a project to go from start to finish without even a hiccup let alone multiple vurps.
Lead the charge! : Has anyone started a petition to to dump Limbaugh completely?
Bored out of my mind. If you have my number, text me. :)
now kids will think... when i make ima fuck your bitch and pay for it. ctfu. you can thank todays music.
being blind causes me to rely on some people more than i would like to but got to keep the faith, didnt achieve somethings i wanted this ...
Great time in Paris with the trio. Thanks for everyone who made it. Tomorrow - Jazz Club Tonne in Dresden. See you there!
lmao! :) it would be. Horror show alright!
Man for All Seasons. Best...Movie...Ever!
Just dropped the price on one of my listings, 6409 Sunny Day NW to $235,000.
Counting my blessings tonight..and there are several.
hey!:D
-___- why my twitter not letting me follow back my followers? -_- huh???
Free bands!!!
and as for the uh televisions so called plan batman has no jurisdiction he'll find Jim and make him squeal.
Alera Continental Series Square Back Stacking Chairs
My daughter love this song
I'm only a speaker for them tomorrow so don't know about this. I don't endorse any one system, I'm agnostic! :)
Des Moines recommendations?
he's more sh_t than bull.
I love Ellen! 💙
At 'Archiving Civil Rights' session. James Forman FBI files = 8 boxes
RT : We choose what attitudes we have right now. And it's a continuing choice. - John Maxwell
Get Well Soon....Hope You Feel Better....I know exactly what your going thru...do what the doc says and you'll b cool
what are you on this offseason lol, your tweets are hard to follow yet very amusing..!!
shut up!!
2 more hours before #KAPPARELAYS kickoff!! You have to be there to believe it.
every1 love you. You are fierce
is there someone that i could talk to?
Still can't believe was in my mentions twice today!
Back in Boston!
Someone come pick me up ! 🚙
Touch decision, I dunno ?
For sure! Born and raised.
Now game is in limbo fish can't think this is a peaceful fun game. Hostility as thick as a snicker. Both guys who got $1050 each n that game
lol nicee.Hows your morning been so far?Lol.You wake up kinda late :p
Wow, my mom's reaction was way more chill. She will come around.
I have the best friends... Love you all so much I could just punch you in the face! #bestfriend <3
If I have to choose between teaching and writing...
what do you like to do. I would highly suggest Los Feliz.... You could do the Westside, but you might kill someone..
Potential plans for 2013 include extending Data Curation Fellows prog to humanities positions!
I don't eat pork, but I am very open to foie gras and jelly donuts. Umamicatessen, yo.
I am so glad you're on #teamadam!!!!! You're amazing!
Thanks for watching! xo
network partying!
what about at 7pm tonight? I won't be here but the chief will be
When I Play Future Or Webbie In The Car I Tend To Drive Faster
My blood isn't the best at clotting.... :-/
I followed you, follow back for daily updates about Gaga!
hahaha I'm working the morning shift so I'll be done by the time they're too drunk.
Why don't you believe in me? I believe in YOU!
Lmao...sounds good homie. I'm cool, girl got me doing the Insanity Workout...I haven't worked out in 12yrs...FML I'm hurting! Haha
I got to see and listen to her crash live yesterday :)
lmaoo why is this still happening on my TL
Just because you come from or are raised in the hood doesnt mean you have to act as such, theres a thin line between pride and stupidity
Can someone tell me what happens at the end of dear john I really hate love movies and this shit is killing me
"creative communities are collective endeavors that thrive in a landscape…" like #openfield a town square for art
you know its funny lol
amen to that!
New projects n the makn ...Cash Brick ...BHP ...Yatta Imean ...new mixtapes Hot new single by Rio Sims * A Life Time..stay tuned..GF
I was just thinking does have a green drink? Does anyone know if they do?
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
I just want you to know I exist.
Let them know who is boss!
I just want to snuggle all day.
do you not like clowns or something?
metta world peace
When I think "feel-good movie," I think Hotel Rwanda.
#HB56 could result in an $11B loss for AL - Marielena Hincapie #womentogether ... these laws could affect everyone including business ppl
Belieber here = You have no idea how much I love my baby, Please follow me is a dream realized or answer this message!! Love u
“: I *knew* I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.”rt
Please Please Follow?!? :D #RNGeezie right here! :) I totally support
Patio/deck roof >$15,000! SunAir retractable awning from Home Source about $3500! See Ron at the store today! 10-5
Haha ya boys done before halftime
I'm not against renting. I'm against lining the wallets of bank executives and funding congressional junkets with my cash.
Why the hell is the air conditioning off, evidently I need a bike ride.
Flea and I both thank you.
I really am my.own friend
pour some water :)
Rachel Scarpati of Harry Fox at #NARM2012 said: Technology moves faster than the law and that is the problem with setting rates re: lockers.
Inspiring. D3 Legal seeks junior corp./trans. paralegal cand. for entry level opp. w/ highly respected intl. firm in LA. Career growth opp.…
Amazing night <333
thanks for the s/o and everybody follow #NOW !!!!!!
Woman sues "Drive" producers. Not enough action, compared with trailer. Trailers misleading? Who knew?
ier Men on the other hand routinely have Bitchectomys , by their divorce attorneys
indeed, Peter. indeed
Happy Birthday :D
thats y u had to leave so early!
Oh the things that go on in section 137...
Hugs back to you! Hope your weekend is fun and happy. ;-)
Thanks Ryan!!!
#18yearoldprobelms When she tells you her hosting job is cutting into her drinking time...
we should get together sometime. It would be great to catch up.
There are times when peeps get word vomit
plz follow me
Out of class early
county homes fro sale. There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service.
Up early, but I don't have class until 11 :/
I have to say I'm a big Kahne fan too!
That foul might just lead to OT.
Ha! Fresh air! full of that. Hadn't dived into The Twitter for a few days actually. What did I miss? ;-)
Many thanks to our guests for attending the last two wine sampling events! Also a big thanks to our event partner, ! Cheers!
LA Kings sweep St. Louis, advance to West finals
RIP adam yauch of beastie boys.
Oh how I wish I could..
I love all of you guys<3
"any innovation in technology modifies our relation to ourselves and to our bodies” -Marshall Mcluhan
OKay..this is not going to work. I'm already falling asleep. I don't think i'll make tonight.
Thanks for a freakin fantastic show!!!
he's gonna pull off the biggest upset since he knocked out liddell
"And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose." Rom 8:28 NIV
Taking my wife to the ballet on Friday night. Should I wear my Tapout t-shirt?
easy post a picture of Lou Pump Williams
Both of those!
Do you accept Denti-cal or Healthy Families dental plans?
would have to be a 24-70mm f2.8L I'm thinking ;)
Ok, so Apple released some new products today...does anyone really think it will have a huge effect? Still no tablet!
Who wants to push us over the 100 followers mark today?
Wonderful! Where are you going?
#GetAnXbox so it can break... Again.. Then #GetAnXbox... Again......
could it be any more beautiful in Miami than it is today? wow, 14 years I have lived here and I love it just like the first day I arrived.
LIVE TWEETING today from Golden Hall, 12-3p. Hundreds of kids, families expected for Christmas Magic party. Toys. Food. We still need toys!
Bulletproof with Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler was the #1 movie this day in 1996.
Noticed that emoji doesn't have any people of a ethnicity that's not white?
The score of today's most important game: 60-39 D's. Everyone wins!
Stuck in traffic
hahahahahaahahahahaham you're gay.
Wow Mom Wow -.-
A month ago, I called The Hunger Games "another Twilight" and thought it was worthless. Last night I saw the movie for the 3rd time.
spoby is back!!!! Tonight episode incredible! :)
Welcome! Thanks for help keeping business local here in Madison.
Classy damn it feels good
sometimes people need to mind their own buissness. for real!
Why am I crying. -_- im starting to piss myself off.
Social Media Douchebaggery...FTW!
Love it 😍
The fever point is 104.5 for real problems
Time to go workout
This is hacking
Agreed. However, I think some people are so delusional they really believe their prayer is better than help. Wait, no, I don't.
For sure. Unless it's BYOB.
Mikeaaa Having Ah GIRL :) She Gone Be Spoiled!!
In EAD fog.
I like to follow up a random discussion about landline phones with the hypothetical doomsday question of "which direction would you head?"
lets take it down a notcch pal
subway hit the spot
Who will save you when there is no one else around and you can't turn to me? ~ 3 doors down :D
What is up w/ Cameron Diaz's hair?
According to polls, more Americans (both male and females) lose their virginity in June than any other month.”
Following the SLEDcc conference
Hey! What's the song espn is always playing during draft coverage? With the girl singer?
#STOPKONY make invisible children visible again. Together we can make a stand! #STOPKONY2012!!!
Why?!? Lexie you be on my search list!.
Omg! My heart just stopped!
At Rupp after back-to-back games, Washington Wizards would win over Kentucky Wildcats 70.2% of the time and by an average score of 85-73.
Do you believe him?
*waves to new followers* Anything you wish to see or hear from us? Comments? Concerns? Haikus?
Joe Parrish: "my greatest life dream is to pilot an aircraft across the surface of Mars." Describes Mars airplane, Titan balloon
You rock Simone!! Lets do lunch soon!!
first one since Dirty Blonde, and this season you have TWO with & ! Congrats!
Great workout with the team this morning! The guys are really competing. Spring ball in 27 days.
if I had a vintage vespa, would it be possible to put spinning rims on it?
Deserves nothing less! :) Now to Top 10 status! RT : Holy Smokes!! Nothing Stays In Vegas is in the too 100 for...
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Sarah Palin is so mad at Steve Jobs right now.
Just stay focused and take as many classes as you can. Goodluck!
Yearly vacation; thank God for hot tubs.
Thanks for following ! We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
...is this a ukelele that you took with you or one that you acquired in hawaii?
Hi Jean, thanks for the RT! I am glad you liked the post. And congratulations on nearing the end of your online MBA. :)
why not?
Just great; my boyfriend has chicken pocks and now i might have them. And to top it off, he cant come to our date on Saturday.
Just got invited to the #Bears game @ Lambeau on Sept 13!!!! #beardown bitches!!!!!!
Never interrupt your enemy while they are making a mistake.
What are some ways you get yourself to exercise, even when you're not motivated?
I'm sure won't happen been tryin all day @
I'm sorry I don't think I liked that melody for them it really didn't fit. But whatever still good singing and good singers
Good night guys ima sleep now so night-night ^^
Ignorance and vulgarity are subjective terms
I am loving the sone Somebody That I Used to Know by #Gotye right now.
First day of semester. :)
I was bouncing off the walls. Don't think the downstairs neighbors appreciated it. Best of three now!
Nations watch after Syria accepts plan
tell your momma I said Happy Mothers Day & I miss her! <3
New single "Old School" from coming out Nov. 1st! Is everyone ready to call your local radio stations and request it?
#Brewers have won 4-of-5 and #Yo was money today. K-Rod and rocked the 8th and 9th!!
GREAT!!!! please follow me
This is terrible... I have 6k+ unread email. Ugh.
One more hour til I'm outta florida...:(.
We all know I love tattoos but women with tattoos on the side of their necks bother me
#GymPetPeeves Anyone who comes near my personal space!
It's okay. I know its like 5:16 in L.A. But I have to go to school. Just try to tweet me when you can, it sends 2 my phone :)
“: If Tony Parker picked Alaska, it wouldn't shock me. No idea where the big fella is going.”when might he announce?
#ThoughtsWhileRunning i hope i don't get hit
Congrats bubba!!!!! Me and dad are proud of you!
IdeaVIM is just about the coolest thing since sliced bread. A little quirky, but if you love vim and want it in IntelliJ...
God bless the victims and familes in the Tucson shooting today
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday!
never cut rhubarb in BED
Dm your number
Your welcome!
Thanks! I'll post some today.
His lips, his smile, Just him everything about him.<3
Yes, I like these ideas.
Everyone say happy band mom day to Zach!
New Twitter background! I am more excited about this than I probably should be.
ok good night. Thx
Yes! What are you up to now?
We wanna party in your city.
Having a rough morning? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. DOn't give up.
Do you have a website?
enjoy your rest and relaxation. Have fun!
RIP Jobs...
New York City back to acting like it's winter. Duuuuuummmmmbbb!
Yikes! You really are hard to keep up with!
user reactions BNF web archives: impossible to copy files, can't access flash sites
This mom who took her 5yearold tanning looks like her FT job is tanning.
"I may be lazy, a loner, a bit of a stoner, it's true... but I might be perfect- I'll make myself perfect- perfect for you"
Hey is my mom wit yurh mom
Who is going to be at the #foodcourt tonight other than ?
how about them vikes this year
Im so tired!
ahahaha oh Katie....
Well, he was offering it to me for free and as an Asian, I can't pass up a deal that good.
Happy FATHERS day to all you MOTHERS;))!!
You are awesome! I totally forgot about that picture.
Are you ready to loose 10lbs just in time for summer? Start with Boot Camp today at 12:15pm only at Titans Gym in Cleveland...
What was your favorite part of the King Tut exhibit?
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
I've never used Pinterest, but I'm receiving Pinterest Spam (having starting to create an account)
I was just saying that to last night. Welp, I think we've got our 1st movie club night booked! cc:
Now i cant sleep and i'm all paranoid../;
WARNING: Persons denying the existence of Robots may be Robots themselves.
the Lakers nor Thunder. I'm not worried about either
LOLOLOL "nuggets" im special (x
Please follow me!!<3 Please!!:)
"In a perfect world, every dog would have a home and every home would have a dog."
My dog just audibly farted, then when the scent his nose, looked around in a confused stupor.
Oh, have fun at camp! We'll miss you on Twitter & FB. =)
I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH <3 <3 <3
Baseball boys smell bad.. But damn are they attractive<33
Covertly RTing myself. MT #FF Northwestern student literary magazines and journals: , , &
Cummings @ DOE loan guarantee hearing: "we need to remember that these companies are creating the energy technologies of the future."
okay, awesome!
Come on, you know this one... RT “: How do you turn fruit into dessert?”
My weed guy is so happy I got a job and don't have to worry about taking a drug test anymore.
Anyone Who Has Nevar Made A Mistake Has Nevar Tried Anything New...
Reading Sarah Shun-lien Bynum's MS. HEMPEL CHRONICLES - what a pleasure.
For every person who says they don't hang around the negative people...I have news for you. You are being negative.
#Baylor over !? No. Freakin'. Way. Put 'em away #Duke, and let's see & #VCU do their thing!!!
that band is terrible
Thanks! Here I was trying to fly under the radar.
Thanks for checking out unglue.it Sorry that it is currently slow. We're figuring out why that is.
“: It's National Sibling Day. Who ever created it didn't grow up with crazy siblings!” love my siblings (all 6 of the crazies)
Proud to join on #HR3826 which will keep student loan rates from doubling come July 1.
Need a job? BookHolders has a flyering opportunity for all USF students. Stop by on April 22nd to sign up!
Happy Father's Day! We love those dads!!
“: lol ILR you should have a talk with the Raine..... Ok I'll do the RAINE dance!!!
how so? I would live to get back to edu marketing. When can we chat?
he ain't going anywhere ...and you are an idiot. When will cleve fans realize they are part of the problem ?
I read it before you lost it and it was magnificent!!! :-)
hey u! What's happening
Just took a little jaunt around Midtown, practicing Pimsleur Korean. Anyong!
Thanks for the support! :)
My computer only seems to restart itself or crash when I'm actually doing something productive. It must be getting cranky.
If there was ever proof that I'm not the person I used to be. Tonight is the night. Shoot me. :-p
haha i completely I forgot about that.
I just realized though, most of TJS is now in Boom Boom Crash so maybe I should change this &make it a BBC ST & make another HBTS one.. haha
Primanti's in Oakland is typically on point
I love that Jeremy Lin is doing what he's doing, but shouldn't we wait until he does it consistently over time to call him a superstar?
New on the EAT menu {Slagel Family Farm Lamb Sausage, Chickpea Panisse, Spicy Onions & Peppers, Black Garlic Aioli, Frothed Yogurt}
We trippy mane
You missed a line
I'm okay, just a little sick wbu?
I played the first mission. It is well done. A lot of fun. Unfortunately, there was a bug at the time...
Thanks for the #ffs!
Just trekked up the mountains in a snowmobile with the Canyons Resort food transport crew. The dark ride down awaits...
can I get a follow back? :/
Hey guys its 808pride me and a another member went to a plain white t's concert and made LOTS of videos tweet us:)
Love you too Sis!
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: Having to be accountable to someone kept me on target with my change goals.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool man i should skip the next class n light up....lol smh i was bad as hell
8 or 16, preferably 16. Preferably not the one that was $40 on Best Buy's site
do you need a ? Haha
Tomorrow night 4-6PM Opening reception for "The First Supper" featuring students Michelle Gomez '12 and Jonathan Wille '12
Getting quarter inch sized hail in Schaumburg IL. Finally got real Spring!
Gates Sauce To A Boss Vol. 1>>>>> Vol. 2
Goin to bed good night rushers much love
Got most of the kitchen unpacked! Can't wait to really try it out. Scones, cookies, cake?
weather is nuts in New York City too. At this point I wouldnt be surprised of it snowed in August & Zombies rose from the subway!
Four times. Two hours. Jesus.
Finally the have come back to Boston! 88-84. Kg with put back.
which one?? I like the richbaba and the palamara.
100% of Americans are asleep when they Are sleeping
Have you seen T-PEN's new logo? As long as I can put bunny ears on the T-REX for Easter, I'm on board!
Merry Christmas to all!! We hope your holiday is scrappleicious!!! *<||;-)
why not?
Headed to Busch Gardens. Love the mini vacation.
10 days left of school (:
Excited that we are moving forward with the series!
back off.. I'll get it back geez 😳
"Don't follow the crowd: Follow your Dream!" - Tony Dungy speaker at Kaplan Graduation.
Thanks so much for coming out today!
That's a tough one.
To the naked/dilated eye, yes.
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – Finish your week off with vegetable gratin, lime chicken, sweet potato puree and chocolate cake. Click the link...
Write a song @ 7am. Record it by 1pm. Mix & mastetr it by 6pm. Global email by 7:30pm. On radio & in clubs by 10pm.
A dream without a goal is just a wish. Bill Cole. Write down goals. Use a pencil. Physically crossing out accomplishments is a great reward
need an older gentleman this saturday for shots in the new campaign ...
that's sick!!! Maddie said y'all are hangin out tomorrow she said she will get it from you! Thanks alot man
Major Upgrade: Cleveland Browns expecting to make &quot;big jump&quot; next season after strong draft
and you are mine <3
did someone hit a power transformer?
it was AMAZING thank you for having him their he lighten up my day (:
What the world needs now is more peanut butter.
In awe of my beautiful H2$ cast. Congrats you guys, you've put on an incredible show. I love you all so much. :] <3
It premieres tonight so we're about to see!
haha but aren't their branches all the way to the top??....unless you climb the tree.....do you?
Good ol' Senior Ditch Day today! I remember going to school for some much needed extra credit points.
hello my name is sebastian hastings #shestheman laughing so hard😄
": #iwannagiveashoutoutto Ed Hardy, for making "find the douchebag" the easiest game ever."
If you buy organic potting soil, avoid Miracle-Gro organic potting soil, which is owned by Scotts.
Best project name I've come up with to date.
Cain couldn't even spit out his usual line of Koch yesterday. Guess it's tough to dumb down foreign policy to 3 digits.
Seeing in public.... Such a huge step in our friendship 🔑🔓
IHOP with my cousins . . .i think yes . lol bunch of hoodrats
Finally home with Megan after a long but good day at work. This weather is beautiful! C:
What is my greatest strength..? I guess I would have to say it's my intention to detail. /via
starts in LA on Oct 30-Dec 10. I will never forgive us if we don't go!!
ANTM just did some BS! -__-
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) Matt_Kurzweil, SophianTheGreat, AngryBirdsMac, anthonylasvegas, SheilaPharao
You can't win a playoff hockey game just playing first 12 mins. #Flyers will be fine.
no pre-pay but you could call and ask them to reserve some for you. talk to the Meat Team directly!
Saw a cute girl at The Midnight Show. I'm thinking I should have taken a page out of 's playbook and left her a post-it note.
Robusta coffees, traded in London at much lower prices than New York's arabica, are chosen by big industrial businesses.
RT : The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life
Get to know Michael and me more personally and get more replies from us on our individual accounts and :)
With the sisters & my bffl (:
4 hours before Loyola Greyhounds face OSU. What is a Buckeye? A tree. Dogs like trees.
Forgot about #Mifflin today and couldn't get home... blocked by cops on horses, barricades and general mayhem. Just another day in
Harden said payback bitch
Saw it on a website promoting a car show. There's like 100 of these kids staring at this chick while she dances. Corpus Christi.
I spent last night listening to really great improvisers. Today it is middle school concert bands.
#ConfessionHour I am a nose picker.
Thanks for having me again at Path Cafe tonight!
join up, join us, LIKE! (you know what I'm saying)
Fuck it. I'm a lesbian.
For a second I thought the network was down, but I looked + saw: we're still here #SXSWedu physical didn't fail
Make it the best 4/20 and stop by Mr.Bill's today!!! We have all your 4/20 accessories including discounts!!!
I watched the cards beat the rays tonight......rasmus with a "colby jack":
“Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.” -James Baldwin
theater arts students are honored
People say you are given the gift of life.... What if we want to return it..?
Just bought the whole one direction album, LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! :D <3
what it doo boo
A great tip! I use 1Password but neglected to record this one. Fortunately I guessed it. :)
Alert the media RT Just to let everyone know... it's ALT+0231 for ç
Congratulations on the opening of the new Mad Mex Shadyside! We love hearing of your success!
Thanks for adding me!
A tragedy of #sexualassault is that the person afraid of the truth being known is more often the victim than the offender.
At the Art Museum waiting for the Mayor Nutter and Jay-Z's announcement.
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on fool me three times?!?!? Fuck that learned the first two times
"I don't like people who are into stuff" J. Simmons 11/20/09
Thank you for the follow! :)
it just depends. Normally Angel Nails, but this past time I got them done in the mall and they did a really good job.
Time to review your call charges on your business telecoms? Give us a call: 0844 880 2010. You will be pleasantly surprised!
Headed to for a cake competition (serving, not baking)
Existing copyrights in nano-pub and transmedia environments brought by digital revolution created opportunities & challenges
: Why is J street going to be closed this weekend (or at least so busy that the blinky sign says there will be delays)?
I try to quit drinking every other day.
Ugh.. iHate when iSee a loose dog whenever iHAVE TO go that direction! #GrindsMyGears ™
Off the top of my head, I really like Lagavulin (usually 16-year-old) or Laphroaig (18-year-old), but....+
Shouts out 2 da busy homie out busy doing something right now I bet!?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support you... & will you follow me #askryan !
USC's Spring Break starts today!!!!! I'm so excited to go on tour to Chicago with
I is sleepy!
Mckenzie Comer loves Cody & misses him dearly, that's my theory.
you whut you cost for a verse G?
are you exhausted????
Jesus I got 10 hour rehearsals...schweet.
“: It doesn't feel like winter here in Minneapolis. So good, but so strange.” totally agree but loving it!
hey Curtis, did you receive my updated email?!
LA LA LA WHATEVER!
I just finished watching last weeks "Walking Dead". Ho...ly... crap.
I hope my parents will let me go to NYC to see Austin! 
Fucking stupid. People y u ruin everything good in life?
in the other #chulavista council race, Linda Wagner also registered in CV just in time to file to run for office. Not newsworthy?
good morning :)
I went coning today! Was soo much fun!
your cousin knows what he's talking about! :)
I'm not enjoying the episode anymore.. why??...
let's see some tweets! Whatcha workin on?
❤❤❤❤Happy mothers day to all the beautiful strong women out there!! ❤❤❤❤
ron artest always wanna fight lol
Anybody else's iPhone just completely malfunction like mine last night?  I thought it was gone forever...
R.I.P Leon "Toon" Poe.. Just got word his parents pulled the plug
Does our welfare system maintain people in states of dependency?
You should head over to Art of Beer on the 23rd and perhaps meet Brian of in person.
My sister Susan is the best person living, love you siste
I guess that's where my mortgage goes now...
#MittRomney whichever way the wind blows, so goes Mitt - how can anybody trust him? Self interest is his core.
I just got done packing my stuff and I am moving in with My dad in Texas:)
I could survive off of reeses
pavilion is open! Come visit us D48
It's 11:11 make a wish :)
that's whats up my dude...
u should cop #Remember by you'd probably dig it
#F1 Debrief on !
There Comes A Time When Youu Have To Choose Between Turning The Page And Closing The Book♥[;
Can't wait for new Maisie Dobbs book in 3/12. Will feature Maisie's personal life! Elegy for Eddie by J. Winspear
when i was born.. i cant believe i didnt talk for a year and a half!!!
Ready to spend #Friday evening with my babes!
I predict James Anderson won't be with next year. He's not that good.
shu know it i read ppls minds when I'm on lunch #SpecialEatingPowers buahaha
Oh ok but still lost lol
Chef geoffs next wednesday with reply to confirm
good morning Frankie! Hope u have a great day today! Xo
I can do many things right but apparently toasting bread is not one of them.
"Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices," said Voltaire. "No homo," he added.
Final hours of our New Style Advisor Kit Sale! Call (888) 502-3336 or write for more info!
I know you have your problems. I do care. I am here 4 you all the time. Youre never here for me. Im not grasping the fact that Im the bitch?
hey! im trying... twitter is different from facebook, i'm still learning how to use this thang. o_0
You know it.
Bearcats play at Paris JC tomorrow. Doubleheader starting at 12pm
I just lost another clipper card. I think I am on my third. Unfortunately, my Translink card stopped working or I could use that.
I had no idea that Cory cheated on Topanga. My image of him is tarnished ;___;
The big red bow Lexus commercials are making me stabby. Seriously, who gives a Lexus for Xmas?
I don't know if you know this..but i have like...no mentions....um..i feel lonely...
I'll be at MES next week. Looking forward to it!
download emoji emoticons and you will find some!
I am teaching that seminar. Sadly, though, your link is broken. Does it work for you? Can u send me the title of the work u found?
Soliciting recommendatioins for good place to go for Christmas (alone). Driving distance of DC preferred. Any ideas?
oh yes, Ireland is also willing to stake his career on it
I wish someone would have told me this has rum in it. #tipsy atwork
i have a boston accent. But those are just so awkward and unnatractive. Omg
well we did see some guy holding his bumper on w/bailing wire the other day...
“: #Gemini Keywords: Attractive and Popular”- Of Course I Am :{D
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P – Who I Gotta Be - Send to friend
Hope is a waking dream.
we're def cousin I do the same haha
seriously lasttime I was here it took 2hours & my hairs longer & thicker so its deff gunna take 3, we
Unexpected lunchtime jazz concert in the employee cafe. Yes.
Smart girls rock!
TandISummit is excited to announce that will be joining us as a Keynote Speaker!
We promote the visual individual-Adamouski Institution
Hey #Santorum, eat shit... Or at least a frothy mix of shit and anal lube.
Last night of Live @ the Lakefront Hear reggae band Irie Sol from 5:30-9pm.
So when's our EP dropping out?
Yep, there definitely should have been a shower in between working out and this date.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Never too young to love music! RT : Took our two month old son to his first live music night, at , he loved it.
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE! <3 IF U DON'T RETWEET THIS YOU'RE NOT A MAHOMIE! ;^)
Everyone check out timeline and read his last two RT'
hopefully going to see #ShadowsFall this week!
7th Avenue & Broadway, low 50's, upper 40's there are many shops - though I'm not sure if you will find cool.
hm....wich one of my bros is nicer??????
Agreed! RT Why am I not in Arizona, sipping a lemonade and watching the #Rockies workouts?
who, so jealous of that...I got stupid work tomorrow...so MVC3 is cool, but a brew is out of the equation.
thanks love! I have to see you soon! :)
True love is when you are far away from each other and no one can take your place.
my sexy baby! ♥ U
am at Bristol and so far weather is good !!!!!
Think the Repubs are willing to do anything that might reduce unemployment or improve the economy before next year’s presidential election?
Jacqueline Scott&#39;s Blog » Blog Archive » Horse Website design ...
Anybody else just get really uncomfortable watching ?
Your just a dick. That's all you need to know.
high-class problems, girl. I'll toast in yr honor tonight.
Sandra, please contact me at regarding a KWFA Freeling Friday contest ~Thanks! Heather
LOVE that had to announce museum overcrowding via twitter tonight, I wish that "problem" for all museums!! Cheers to crowds!
Sometimes you just need the kids to see the variety out there.
omg how you been sorry did not know you were on :)
someone better open up a window...
my 4th time hearing What Makes Youu Beautiful ^.^ ♡
well i hate a life is the problem! so idk if i can get another ill check it out!
I really really must love my girl...
On the way to the Hill to defend TE funding for preservation....
yea I know I'm just letting you know that I'm here for you no matter what ok buddy
listening to my brand new album i just bought #REWIND :D
Duffield Council Estate is plagued by a villain. Hetty tries to break the wall of silence. #HettyWainthroppInvestigates on MPTV 36 at 9PM.
isnt it weird when people tell you how much you grown.?
i don't remember that but ok omg
": “: We love you !” I love you too Pastor! Thank you for being an awesome leader!!"
Party time with Cody lol Katelyn is coming with. Hopefully spending the night with her :)
I guess I'll go to bed now bc that nigga gonna be at my door bright and early ugh
Had a wonderful breakfast with my dear friend Perfect way I start my day!
If you living wrong, money can never correct it no matter how much you have.....
Getting a PhD is generally not a goal unto itself. (Not that it can't be mind you.) Just curious about the meta-goal.
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
You have a turtle? I'm jelly.
can we get an interview not talking about Steven Tyler's drug use? he's sober, drop it.
just another reason to hate that ass clown
Celtics wrap this up in 6. Game 5's loss only prolonged the inevitable.
we r gonna sing it tommorow in the morning ;)
That is totally what I thought!
An "antihero" typically does not embody the ideals of a Greek protagonist and is someone who lacks identity and determination.
Thanks for following...... ;)
whos at your house
know what you mean, our barn cats are often more popular with our visitors than our interpretive activities.
Just Had The Greatest Steak Ever.
tuning into Jay Leno tonight show with such a gifted voice. singing open arms
Movie recommendation is "A Christmas Story"
wait, to your iPod?
you don't even have any idea how much you mean to me. you know i like you. you don't know how much i love you.
All ASA students in Buenos Aires are safe after the train crash yesterday. Thoughts are w/ victims & families impacted by the accident.
Wake. Bake. Skate
Your Voice Was The Soundtrack Of My Summer... Thunder <3
so freakin bored nd i hope eli nd clare will b bak 2gether it is so hella not fair :/ itz a sad part in degrassi
By a show of "LIKES"… who's been snooping for gifts?
Q: Why is sex like a bridge game? A: You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Can Bob McAdoo still play?
your artistic soul needs nourishing each and EVERY day. There are no diets needed!
Lol Breaking Down Everything Ok I Got You
Kristen Stewart Admits: I Get Lonely &amp; Have No Friends
Also Channel and the as well. You can email me at
At STARS Leadership Corp annual celebration (conference). Lots of great people to talk to
MGK arrested for disorderly conduct. Just because you signed with bad boy records doesn't actually make you one.
the blue button does really rock
Is there some magical place where #medlibs put their survey instruments?
Reunited with at last <3
The shear amount of fouls called in this game is ridiculous.
Reading about a really neat study from the 70s. Research was more fun when you didn't have to obtain consent.
grateful for friends, birthday bourbon, and birthday poutine.
Bitches Having Eargasims &The Pleasure Is Us Lol Son Went Hard -TY Thee Human
I'll have another!
wow...that's exactly what happens to me. Get up at 3am...get sleepy at 5. But I can't sleep as much as I want on the 2nd stretch
RT : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Johann W V Goethe
Achieved bounce house!
Anyone have a 9V? Battery died during last live shot.
Re-watching UK Our execution in the first half was pretty special.
Now I'm (re)listening to Dan Dickerson's call at the end of the game. Which was great, because Jim Price wasn't there to interrupt him.
Stop wasting your time Shannon, you are looking at the facts, Tebow hasn't given us a reason to believe he can be an NFL QB
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce Appeals Ct ruled #SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents & Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!”””
Just placed an order with Summer at the Shabbycat Homebrewery & Urban Campground!
New book? Exciting! Finally settled: new city, new job, new home, new car. <takes breath> It's been great though :)
and that's when i knew i was dead
yeah!!! Any time. I play drums and love ur music. :-)
a Sunday. I actually found one! Yay!
you are commited to satisfying & serving others you become the best in your field. I strive for the best petinaed leather
new drops at 3... u ready 4 it??
MAN FUCK THAT SHIT. I love that song. Pay phone.
Last all-nighter in a while hopefully
Good Morning...
that was our friend Carol Costello. -- (necklace was gorgeous, right?!)
OED Word of the Day: green weenie. Really?
I really don't get y people try to make a fake facebook of a famous person poser
Responded to FIRE @ 1861 Carter Avenue, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Thankyouforeverything!!RT : Hoping that you had a great day at the #LakeCountryCharityInvite today!
The news is so interesting.
It's unbelievable that you'll be performing at 's SpringleBall and meeting all those celebrities. proud of you <3
You never get a second chance at first impressions.
Baby you summer time fine
That's suggestive. Gross.
Note to self: make sure your connections are broken off before making new ones.
thats so true.): thts why we need to
Thanks for the comment. Can you retweet this pole to your followers. Im Condctng a pole for my Talented and Broke!™ project. :-)
I would but I have comm awards night and earth day stuff at
#808Pride if he loves u he would take u out to eat and i dont mean mc donalds -_-
The Hayabusa: Beer battered sweet potato chips with a sweet soy dipping sauce. Appetizer.
That moment when you see a hott guy and he winks at you.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. Albert Einstein
The War in Afghanistan: 4,000 days and growing; what is the end game? 100 billion dollars a year.... The ROI is not good.
#Yankees win. Thhhheeeeeeee #Yankees win!!!!!!!! Wow!!!!!!!
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved
Ai #Weiwei segment starting with Mayor Bloomberg at the Zodiac Heads public art ceremony.
I made a dentist appt for 8am tomorrow, clearly I made a mistake. On my way to st. Charles, aka my mom is quizzing me for the cit test
made me Thai tea this morning and I died. It was so good
About to go running in this windy ass city -__-
I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate
after complete faith and removing obstructions/ after these, it's just possible there comes to a man, a woman, the divine power to use words
I feel 4Michelle Obama the queen has spent $10million on her vacations We dont have jobs&cant afford a trip to the El Segundo sewer system.
I feel like I got hit by a freight train... This cold sucks
I was at my sis house in miramar
its heated because its Thursday lol
"In a civilized society, force may be used only in retaliation, and only against those who initiate its use"~ via
No rain here (yet). How/where do I get the kold app for the blackberry....thanks Scott.
or how did u say? It's better to shoot at the moon and miss,than not to have tried at all.Ha! #Danny Trejo people
yes I have. I got to like 100 something. Hahahahaha XD
If only we would appreciate each & every moment. Unique. Beautiful. Scary. Gone. Never to be seen again. Precious.
: The vendor used to pitch cabinet sales while you shop is a tacky sales technique irritating.
Night number 2 in the STL.
Yo you got talent
Anyone want to point out their goto resources for teaching with blogs? Rubrics, methods, etc. Putting together presentation.
#liber2011 Luce: Our job is to wire people's brains together.
Feels like da more patient u try 2 be wen waitin on a blessin'.... Da longer it takes....
Mother Love= Priceless.
How could a grandma order 3 murders on her own family??? Sick
hosts a tasting tonight (4-7pm).
Can't I just go to london now?? Please!!
i didnt know we were going as early as possible
#RelationshipsNowdays forever alone
you can't get on my level my level is private
tomorrow night we can play! :)
Why do you think I'm so beautiful.
I miss u too:/
Oh okay; I'm at Cali; I'm the opposite; I think 7am is late! The bright side you can have an earlier rewarding day!
Just saw a Mexican Hitler.
How do ya play?
Guess hes busy ^__^ idc I still LikE him, gonna change those 2 middle words soon ♥
thanks soo much :)
Recall politics
g'night
#NF #FF super cool brother #follow him!
haha, tortoise (hide in my shell)! But yes lots of belly breathing! “: isn't there a yoga pose for that?”
I am from Jersey, now u got to see what I have had to deal with here in Winston Salem for past 14 years...
Hey Sounds great to me(:
ugh-so sorry
I aint smoke a joint all day! But dont worry im finna fix that.
I can tell you how that one turns out.
This storm messed up my plan to shoot outside today and my backup plan to edit inside when the power went out. I guess it is #naptime. Lol
Quote of the day: "I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living." - Ursula Andress
Wear short sleeves & Support your right to bare arms!
i am wearing shorts and flip flops Chaffin-style
Our friends on the left would outlaw lotteries, if they could to "protect us".
Great :) I'm not sure if I still have the addy - DM it to me just in case!
omg that was our jam!!! They couldn't tell us nthin when that song came on! Lol
How do i get that for my phone
Training a Marine again, let's see how he keeps up.
To much taco bell got me feelin exhausted
I need to shower bro :o
Pizza Hut dinner date with the one and only <3
A day filled with Christmas songs = cramming last minute to play the Meridian Carlyle Christmas show tonight...
how r u? Hope your day shines bright :-)
RT : #FreeRondo is becoming a thing. Neat, but he deserves a suspension.
AMEN! #sotu Obama: want Congress 2 publish all earmark requests on single website b4 any votes (via ) (via )
Hahaha! Funniest response all night. :-) Love.
it is indeed cold...daisy chains of last week feelin like superman's place but with less crystals
which is good! sherman OWZED him his senior year!
So many mahomies! #iloveit :) , you're one lucky kid <3
GREAT photo!
Earning $ is not wrong. Being morally corrupt as to how you earn money is.
oh i got the website that show the dates and yeah im going too see u there hopefully brionne come :D
Like the beginning of half blood prince could srsly be 2012......
buy cheap, drink more? ;)
lol twitter is better then txt lol !
15 mins that would never happen here. You need to bring snacks while you wait
LOVIN EVERY MOMENT OF IT GREAT WORK NAYDALINE:)
So glad to hear the show went well - we've been hearing great things about it!
#Frustrating RT : Softball and baseball teams have similar issues - too many stranded runners - need more RBIs!
Nah nah nah nah NOLA
dont push it cjm, the cheese might block you and make some noises outta yo butt
sometimes i feel like I'm the only one putting effort in this relationship
I'm also comically bad at catching autocorrect, apparently
thanks 4 the great tweets
20% of men watch porn at work
south Tampa :)
Still trying to figure out what the hell that was about
So who will it be? Carolina or Duke?
- HAPPY birthday to my lil sister I love u so Much :)
Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy!
Cool! it's on my weekend reading list :) I love . Will be first time reading
I still refuse to call this man anything other than Ron Artest.
Gonna be at Sunlife on June 23rd?
Congrats!!! What are you going to be doing in NYC?? When do you move?!
Fun Fact: Costa Rica is the "greenest" country and plans to be the first carbon neutral country by 2021.
Victor--you should stick around for !
dude just say fuck it, go home, and get under the covers. take care of yourself!
Critical Interpretation Papers have been graded and uploaded to Blackboard.
Top ten moment!!!!
Looks like my video will acmpny your article on the Opera co. for -let me know if has any work 4 me
Carolina inside game will prevail over Duke 3 jacks. Rivers will shoot Duke out of it.
“: No such thing as giving up too much for truly elite QB. If he's not, everyone's getting fired anyway so who cares?” SO TRUE
You’ve decked the halls real nice and pretty in your second chance construction of a High School dancefloor.
Don't never ask what's wrongg or I'm okayy... DF !
welcome to twitter Mr. Insider.
I can't help how much I am into Bear In Heaven right now.
Made that pussy fart by the head tho >>
......and if you want people to quit smoking cigs legalize reefers!
Dexter with his 2nd HR already!!!
RT has made that has capacity bldg tools for NPOs, worth checking out.
I barely realized spiderman wasn't invited to the avengers party.. Lol
Hope the weather clears up for the Belk Bowl...
Thanks to the girls for inviting us to play & making last night's #LightUpNight #IronCity Anniversary bash an unforgettable night
Been playing Lego Harry Potter all week! Gotta love a Lego Hogwarts!
The problem is that it only works for symbol keys, right? it's very special purpose and can't replace =>
I need a drank. Wish I could have one.
Ran 7 miles with the Sunday group, 1 mile solo & 8 miles with another friend. 16 miles in the Cleveland Metropark, on the horse trails.
Well that's a little selfish but I'll allow it.
and do not work!
: The Swamp Gospel will feed your soul!
This bitch needs to shut her paisa ass up
Can we get some stats on the record for total number of 3 and outs in a post-season game? I think this might be a new record
Happy to hear you found a couple great colors! Here to help anytime :)
thats the plan...later in the week though
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be. – W. Clement Stone
Two years late on this one, but dear god, Patti Smith's 'Just Kids' is extraordinary. Simultaneously aching & buoyant.
massage needed,
totally agree with this!
if you can make lollipops out of balloons we can totally make a mini vegas!
Some times you gotta put in 16-18 hour days and work weekends.. No one owes you shit. You want a decent career? U gotta earn it!
Ally McBeal: "Even if I did get past all my problems, I'm just gonna get out and get new ones."
Looking forward to a new social media portrait with Teri Moy Photography and Makeup Artistry by Tracie - the pros make a big difference!
OH fun getting the swag bags ready for Seattle Fashion Week! Great meeting everyone last night at the Press Conference! Yay Fashion Week!
LUMIDEE MY CELL PHONE CRASHED AND LOST UR CELL CAN U TEXT ME UR NUMBER 2106779291
thanks! checked out cool work!
+!-|+. SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Gotta get up early tomorrow calling it a night..well I won't fall aspleep til 2..but I'm out of here lol
It's never too late!
I got my phone back :)
It's Draft Day Replacements Fans! Which NCAA player will you miss watching in College ball the most?
You don't care at all
*To Die Unsung Would Really Bring You Down. Although, Wet Eyes Would Never Suit You...*
Good Luck! Hope to see you next year!
Our waitress at the melting pot looks like megan fox..
Michelson's short game is second to none
have you been there, people wear less on the streets in front
What about state standards for texts when putting together your own resources?
Iam just saying yo, that's real mushy. Imma start calling u Eric begay. LOL
hahaha this cody simpson fan is hilarious ah omg(;
that or midget wrestling.
Guess who's back...:)
It's finally pretty outside ☀
I rather more money more problems, than having no money and being your problem - los
good bros what about you dudes?
the day care shit
It's karaoke Wednesday and we're serving up karaoke courage for you all night long.
On this week's show, our critics pick their worst movies of the year so far! What movies do you think made their lists?
Family...I'm happy to report I survived another visit to Comcast!!
It's not gossiping it's fact finding!
Know what? The Brewers are 3 wins away from the World Series. And that's pretty cool.
#CUAEF isn't your any old conference. Get your professional network on, then dance the night away with your new best friends at the Gala!
Check out my mini-blurb in the January issue of Essence magazine regarding health & fitness tips 4 2010 & beyond!! Chaunda walker walls
HURT MY ANKLE ON THE COURT TODAY
is in Dallas!!!! Ah!!!! Only thing better would be if was here too... Only in a dream.. *Sigh*
okay? You didn't have to tweet me just to tell me that. And you didn't have to in-derect about me.
had a blast last night, thanks to all for coming out and thanks to for being super awesome to our group!
People are too sensitives these days .. Have u heard of a term called a JOKE?!?!?
Thank you President Obama for doing what Bush and Cheney couldn't!
Heading out for T-Day shopping. Tis the tis season.
- tweeted about a new bacon-beer-cheese dip for pretzels. Might be good for
Honored to be the Social Media Expert at the Hemophilia Federation of America National Symposium in Cali! READY TO PRESENT TO THE TEENS 1st!
Man Celtics got this
I got Bones Jones
who'd you see ?? Lol
Can feel the excitement for Carnevale tonight! Happy Valet parking is here!
About to Begin...
pictures?:P
"When the backchannel isn't in back: A short exposition on all caps and yelling in office environments"
In the studio recording our new single…gonna be sick! Drum tracking today for "Someday"
what'd he say (0_o)
#itsfunnyhow the one thing I'm sure I'm doing right turns out to be the only thing bringing me down
'LIKE' us on Facebook, 'FOLLOW' us on Twitter, 'FRIEND' us on My Space & 'JOIN' our Yahoo Group!!!
All you Ignite talkers for next Friday, get your slides ready, you only get 5 minutes :) 20 slides, 15 seconds each. Going to be a hoot!
Thanks go out to eV's Underground @ CKCU FM 93.1 for being their ReverbNation Artist of the Week & 4 being part of a cool set last night.
work 5-9 tonight then a project an essay and a study guide
Sporting the bun today. Much better than the humidity induced bouffant.
Musings: Get out of your comfort zone. I believe that not much of significance happens in our comfort zone. Security is for cadavers.
Because of , one of Panasonic's latest professional cameras now conforms to #CLVS industry standards. Thanks, Bruce!
Have to agree ": You will never be the player your dad was and still is You are a subpar perimeter defender as well!"
Anything goes wen it comes to hoes
Darell Issa hosted the first meeting of the "He Man Woman's Haters Club" in decades. Spanky is spinning.
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
What are you listening to right now?
yeah multiple accounts you have to pay for pro version ($15 USD) though
That fuckin bitch forgot TWO TIME MVP TIM DUNCAN!!!!!!
WOULD LIKE TO SAY: One World Park Entertainment's site may go dark for a bit as I change web hosts..currently dissatisfied with old one.
It looks like its almost 8 at night and its 1:30 sheesh this weather is wacky
did you listen to the new FTFD song?!?
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall. ~ Larry Wilde
Unprecedented unity among sites both large and small... Google, Reddit and WIkipedia join bloggers from around the world to protest SOPA.!!
Caught my flight. Off to #ASECS12 in San Antonio to give a paper. Insert your own Alamo joke here.
Hoping for good weather so we can go to the this weekend.
Well he started it. :D
Just set my alarm for 5 am.
It is cold in LA! Good thing we are heading to the desert an not staying on the coast!
Who's playing at Maxwell's?
How did you send the tweet?
If you could choose anywhere in the world to study, where would it be? -PT
you are my 100th follower...want to celebrate with a shot at Bradys concert tomm?
Great CPF Convention.
yOURE THE SECOND PERSON WHO'S PUT THAT OMG OK IM DOING IT
Now if only I could sing, now if only I could sing.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
thanks man! Which colleges? Same with yours!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. ~Maori Proverb
at least I got to hear Dante's Inferno Theme.
the upside is boring Thursdays lead to great Saturdays.
Just now reading some interesting letters from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to Ishmael Reed. He offers to finance *Reckless Eyeballing* as a movie.
Don't miss the 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans willbe there, like www.amazingchips.com !
Thanks for coming to the launch party!
sticks & stones may break my bones, but chains & whips excite me 😉😁
Humans are jacked up #justsayin'
Looking for a new brunch spot downtown? We are now open every Sunday at 11am serving traditional English breakfast items.
American Idol 👍
You know you use your phone too much when you have to charge it 3 times a day.
I wish i was famous
Blast Friday was interesting.
Raise that jolly roger!
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch Batista's dick. RT if you have seen Batista's dick and respect the legendary dick of Batista.
I love the way that booty go.
Happy Spring Break! :)
Wow i cant go to the bernard picnic this weekendd
we were too. but hey, i'm in chicago. i'm perfectly happy. and i haven't but i will if i can today. he'll be teaching all day
now following!
We used to talk for hours. Look at us now :/
Haha. I'm not a morning person, either...I'll try to go back to sleep after she leaves. :)
Well, also my friends are going. So that makes it easier to do.
LMAO!a": #WhereAreTheyNow stuck up your ass bitch."
had the hey perro wrap! Fantastic and I have lunch for dinner
I thought you weren't following my feed any longer...
my pleasure. well written and loved the story. It was an awesome title defense at Wildflower!
Congratulations to #MaryStramel of #GeneralMailingandShippingSystems in #ABQ. Mary was awarded at #womenofinfluence!
get crazy! get wild! who happy 21st doll, :)
I'm scared to death of electricity -- I don't even like to unplug things bigger than a lamp. I can't imagine rigging the BGE.
Can not wait to record on Monday :) Maybe another studio update? :)
oh my
Baseball is so interesting yet so boring at the same time
you got the wrong dude
#rangers score! Nice
Told me what?!
Here's our recipe: sit at bar, order, wait.
Many things going through my mind now. ~.~
Wow. Lost for words. That's why it's the world's sport.
I haven't tweeted in over a month. -_-
not Ganesh. GAME.
Idaho judge drops charges in moonwalk dance case - Northwest Cable News
Being main stream <
My parents are divorced,so if you need to talk to anyone Im here. Time heals everything,and remember its NOT your fault<3
RT Admit it, At some point in your life, you stuck a ball up your shirt and pretended you were pregnant.
here's to the kalin and myles fans who like jakeeyp's eyebrow stories.
I need sum help on bmi... Who's can help
but KR is a beast. We need one good OL this year and he's my pick. Heard he got MVP at camp
I was just there this weekend!!
agree with you there. I just think the comparison to Color is off.
although you make a good point, who could forget Real Genius?
haha u so didnt make that!! mom!!!!!Nicks lying again!! lmfao!
Tweet tweet.
and I thought we had this awesome French contingent on there way to Albuquerque. Shucks.
I'll Be dumb late seein it but probably safe house...... what u tryna see
You crack me up!! One of your funniest lines~He's so gay he farts glitter! #LOL "Big Fat Pussy" Cat line was up there too!
Photo shoot today for "Most Beautiful People" issue of My hometown magazine...such an honor!!
i doo too, but the internet don't need to love it! ;)
Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u :*
they weren't yelling in our game, they never had a chance too haha
#throwbackthursday during free >>>
Super excited for my show at Maguire's tonight!!
LOL where you from? :-)
enjoy your weekend, Dana!!
what's your favorite brand of pencil?
Hi Valerie! Thanks for also sharing the important work of using school to foster good, thinking, caring, responsible people!
Thanks for the review –– can't wait to see! Shoot me an email & I'll send you more great nutritional info!
Wanting to tweet nonstop because i could read them al day.
what up
Thank u very much!We appreciate the follow! :-)
Going to Panera with the cousins <3
at the Portland Winterhawks game!
I should be getting some sleep got a denist appointment in Philly tomorrow.
RT : "Storytelling is SEO for the human brain" says aka Mike Sowden at
my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm"
First pumpkin spice latte of the season!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 18
Get chip to diverge juke slide n Dj solo to do the chicken Wang
Someone bring me some BBQ por favor.
But this Suite at Royals stadium is NICE! Free food and drinks including beer - can't go wrong. And I guess the royals are up 2-1.
Thanks for the #FF love!
In my zone, jamming to chris brown - all back.
Come into Lotties for food & drink to melt the slush away.
the team is so excited! Now neither of you have excuses ;) ...Not even you, Harrison; Mr. iPad. Hehe.
Where at?
no luck bro
Sometimes i don't think i'm good enough . . . :/
I've been super busy putting the finishing touches on our new website!
raining in detroit today. not that big of a deal though, won't dampen my day. getting some work done, then out for beers. m, beers.
I wish I had some mac n cheese.
Rule 1: Get consent. Rule 2: Pace yourself. Rule 3: Stock up. RT : Condom distribution today 6:15-7pm on the corner of 17th & Fee!
I WISH I COULD.
so glad to hear there is some football/band love going on there!
Depressing. RT : I'm officially changing the names of the days of the week. It will now be Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Friday.
haha it involves a tow hook, a Jetta, & a holly bush...
Your source for solid unfinished Brazilian Cherry T&G 3/4" x 3-1/4" & 5" hardwood flooring.
So GOP's answer is deregulate everything and drill--Deep Water Horizon 2 here we come. That Is So Wrong! RT : Drill baby drill.
HFC is excited to welcome our coming MUST students from Mongolia next month! We are all looking forward to getting to know you!
Thx for the follow Kudos to your team for making children & families a priority in federal policy and budget decisions!
glad you could tune in! I could listen to talks about content strategy and examples all day : ) Good stuff.
I'm coming over as soon as you get it !!!
We'll have 300+ in teal and purple coming from Rochester - you won't be alone!
As Atari continues to wage war on its hardcore fans,is it wrong for me to point out that the real Atari died in 1984 when Warner broke it up
I hate summer classes
I miss you too bro!
And my other best friend reginahh!!<3
don't even start with me on the crap!!
Oh, great HC tip! Sedaris has been reliably wonderful on the road, along with Sarah Vowell. Another, weirdly: Nora Ephron.
KINGS SCORE!!!
thanks for coming in tonight!
So our homebrewed Rye P.A. and Oatmeal Stout are both pretty great!
Hi Mark. This is Colin's mom. Colin died of sunburn.
Jealous! I was just there in November! Have a safe and fun trip!
we are live on air now #LateNightLesbiansRadio ★ Blind Date ★ single ladies call 347-857-2089
Laser Hair Removal is the best! Check out our special for February - it's cheaper than you think!! http: //bit.ly/ikAubO
Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go.
our whole pie is much bigger, could feed two, while theirs fits on a paper plate. I compare mine to
Thanks for RT
Well, that's not cool.
your the best!
Yeah I don't think I could bellet.
Was listening to Devil Went Down to GA. on WSM yesterday. I wish all slick commercial country were that good and creatively produced.
thanks for following us as well!
so true thx for spreading such an important message!!
Off topic #aam2012 - this room smells like wet hay ? It's strength is distracting me :-( OKAY back on topic/track
looking forward to seeing play tonight! my fiancé is one talented guy
Bye honey <33 have a goodnight :* besos
Watching The Heist with and So funny.
i need followers, i know no one on twitter :(
Yes, I have 10 Fantasy Football Teams, but I made the Playoffs with 7 of them so that makes it alright?
My obsession with Usher is a little unhealthy 😍
RIP David #Broder; journalists and readers alike would do well to read "Behind the Front Page"
"it's so early 90s hanging out with ugly people, you know?"
and WHY is the city paying $5K in ground rent to ANYONE? Buy that land back!
Read interviews and more coverage from the #African Film Festival!
meeting of the minds in Detroit airport, where I just ran into Jerlando Jackson!
I boarded the Subway this morning for the 2 for 1 before 9am. thanks so very much.
Flying to LA in January! Excited!
I like all forms of music so long as the lyrics are intelligent and profound, and preferrably socio-political, unlike most pop music.
UK has one of the largest fan bases in sports, yet you writers think it's news that 30 people sent some bad tweets to a player.
there is a lot of email misuse. Like emails where every1 + their dog are copied. Need to align email w getting things done.
How do you fuel your long runs?
No. 4 LSU Tigers Look to Continue Success in May: Fan&#39;s Take
On my way to Baton Rouge, been real busy, tweetin back and catchin up tomorrow mornin!!!
I hear you. We're wrapping up the kids bathroom. Taken six months, meanwhile he's been sharing ours. Ugh.
COLLEGE NIGHT TONIGHT - BEER PITCHERS - BEER PONG - $25 ALL YOU CAN DRINK WRISTBANDS!
Tip of the day: if you want to be the president then alls you got to do is make presidential decisions
Q: why jump to blame new social media given the much longer-term increase in loneliness? a fun, yet implausible, explanation
get in touch with Daniel ching at minarets HS in california - he may be able to help ,
Excited to be heading to the Baltimore office for 's going away party. Ole!
Hello love doctors. Yes, you are very astute. I haven't left the incubator in longer than I care to admit
ugh, my new replacement iPhone means i have to try to remember all my passwords for access to my social media apps
Well Tamale Guy just left. Prepare for entire bar to smell like farts in 5...4...3...2...boom.
I'm about to become a millionaire!! I promise to give you all a share of my winnings...seriously
A wide selection of my photography will be on display in the lobby of the Loudoun County Government Center in January and February.
omg your background. LOL
still at the game and pissed off!!!!
I feel like I'm going to puke. What. The. Heck.
Woot! I wouldn't expect Ms. Lada to do anything less. Thanks for including us. Cheers to
how's tomorrow? (:
If he'da been Jayson Blair he would have had the run of the place already...
Pearson, has turned AIMS standardized testing into a billion-dollar-a-year industry. Dumbing down our kids, one test at a time..
charging my phone :P
www.slobbersnaks.com
Rain or shine. Get on a bike people. Thats why your called
There really is nothing quite like 90's Pop Bass haha
Follow me/stalk me
yess we do need to talk abt you know what still ;) will you text me in the morning tomorro Shaun?
Enjoying your website (translated/Chrome). I particularly liked your advice about looking into people's eyes when speaking.
no way? Lol well then I'm sure Annabelle would be glad to meet you
Now, we'll see if justice can stand its ground.
Congrats to editor Sheila Black--she won the 2012 Witter Bynner Fellowship!
shut up big head
My cornucopia brings all the tributes to the yard.
If Oosthuizen was a dick and the TV was on the green, this would be Happy Gilmore come to life.
Thanks for the RT!
My ass hole
Give a man a fish & he’ll eat for a day.Teach a man to fish, & he’ll disappear every weekend with his buddies from April till November.
Autism awareness! RT : Today is World #Autism Awareness Day. Support in their extremely important mission.
strategic agendas hurt my brain
I love this movie. I cry every time.
Black(out) Friday. Shop for new diggs instead!
Join me in Hodgkins this weekend at The Quarry Spring Craft Show. Saturday 9-6 Sunday 11-5. Located at Lagrange and Joliet Rd.
my feelingsarent hurt. I could careless. Just dont evr say girls I smash are ugly when look at jesy
It is so COOL! I just checked it out too!
What others think about you is not important. What you think about yourself means everything.
Upload and Download...made easy.
our pitching needs to get better but I still can't believe we got him lol
Small world - D Duck is now Florida Citrus, owned Citrus Grows CO-OP. hav freinds who hav worked there from bac in the day
don't worry Reade. Once they read your tweets you'll reveal to them how idiotic & pretentious you are
Hey sign up w/our street team today at Tigerfest and receive $75 in driving credit! 3pm-7pm
SCORE. yes.
Making moves, not excuses!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well....
One word. Flasks.
on location in Kennebunkport all day. cell phone in South Boston so email if you need me.
There's a lot at stake, Rick. #JoshHamilton has had off-the-field issues. And, #fans haven't forgotten.
Good morning!!!
Washington take on the tonight at 7:30. Catch it on projectors with full sound
Yeah I usually don't like movies about making movies but I dug it.
No matter how good of a girl you think she is or might be, a hoe is still hoe...
The holiday lights are up in the CCT office and it's looking festive! Now if only this rain would change to snow :)
Another day, another promo. :)
nope tweets here are alive and well.
CNI - the Coalition for Networked Information - is now on Twitter
Nothing makes my morning like talking to about all the amazing work he is doing at the #NIC!
I need a women to text me whats good ladys
hey boo
On the road again, forgot my socks, had to go to Kohls.. more bad news, found out it wont be ready this months, best chance now in June
Q3 Nothing, not really on our radar. Maybe I'll just mention it on our Facebook account.
MT : No, don't explain how [humanities data is different]. Show me how ;)
ha right ?
Still chillin on that cinco de mayo
Glad I could be of help on more than one front. Which story was it?
Thanks for the RT, !
When we get to , bitches better get down! "Everybody Wants Sum" when we get doooowwn thurrr!
I LOVE YOU!!!!!! You are so sweet and yes, it rocked! Can't wait to tell you all about it :) xoxo
#whyidonthavegayfriends I like going out in public w/o turning heads or people automatically knowing I'm gay cuz I'm with some rue Paul wana
awww thanks, man! I meant to do that but I'm all energy-depleted from the workout
kiss Your Kids,make E'm Smile make Great memories, Not Long time Regrets!!! www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Ministry for the Abused
How to create educational opportunities throughout the lifespan?
See? van Riemsdyk gets it. why cant everyone else? RT If there's a sporting event better than playoff hockey I've yet to see it!
I love a thick juicy body in bright colored leggings...ah!!!
ISS Orlando on February 19, 20, 21 Hope to see you there!
that's the kind of thing I listen to when I'm feeling blue
Down by the bay where the watermelons grow.
going to have lunch with 's stephanie lecci- Milwaukee's Terry Gross.
it's okay! :) I've been busy with party preparations. My sweet sixteen is this Friday!!!
*laughs, pinches nose*s'ok. Im gonna get some fresh air...
Hey, hey. Easy on the gunshots and rap. They were probably more scared of you. At least scrapple was plentiful.
THIS is the Obama I voted for
BIG AB for Avery in his first game
Gonna stop quoting The Hangover now....
It is of the outmost importance to have a strict money management system in place
Cashed out on my fam today felt great. Summer is gonna be so dope and carefree.
Thank's for the follow!
Yeah ha, I was just in town for 4h's short stay.
BGen Andre Sayles "I stayed with the Army for one reason: to help our #veterans." veterans hiring forum.
I love you! Please follow me! #Alexismysuperhero #AconForever #AconFever :D U smile, I smile :)
Website live!
Hi Steve! Thanks for the follow!
Shout out to . i really enjoyed point this weekend.
Until you've walked in someones shoes and know exactly what they've gone through how can you judge them?
#NP smile back by
As soon as you feel comfortable, that's when it's time to start over." Jerry Weintraub
welcome to Twitter! Love how you acronym is "ARRR!"
Mike will be moving back to #Pittsburgh so expect more baseball, football and hockey pics and tweets over the next few days weeks and months
32 covers this will be a long night !
#WFUD12 Chuang: courts and other policymakers have not sufficiently drawn the lines of fair use.
God I wanna dance
Doing my thing! :)
I never told you how proud I was that you somehow included 5ive and OTown (and left out BSB) in your "boyband" DrawSomething.
Thx 4 RT! LQ stands for #Lapham's Quarterly the most exclusive journal, featuring the greatest minds ever lived! Recommend.
Q3. What shall be the Royal Theme Song of your kingdom?
they add liquid detergent to the beer
Q2. What beauty trends are you looking forward to trying for spring?
Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
#21CRadio A4 I like the immediacy of getting news from artists on SM, but also expect it to be more promotional so like other sources, too.
It's about Greatest common factors! I don't understand =L
Agreed! Some dishes better than others, but overall tasty & fun! Def. need a big group.
i'm leaving hawaii dec.4 then i arrive in LA baby! then were gonna do an across the states drive from cali to kansas.............Winning!
Hey RaRa, my bad - totally didn't see your tweet last night, hope da party was bumpin'
Pole day Saturday?
Perfect, , see you there!
r u. on line..call me
She dreamed of Paradise.
Be sure to also watch today's show because is here to perform! You don't want to miss this...
Happy endings? Now I know.
There's a location in Waco coming soon! Follow for updates on new locations.
haha hate to dissappoint my fans(;
Welcome to the home of #SB46! RT : Rain-freezing rain and sleet moving into western and southwestern Indiana now
I'LL GET ON RIGHT NOW FOR YOU BABY GIRL!
#LT *sound system
New Darious Rucker cd is quite good. Can't believe I'm starting to listen to country...but (shh) I like it!
: Would you mind sending your contact information to ? Our IT team needs more info in order to troubleshoot...
headline: Bengals 28 Ravens 21, Texans now on the menu for some hungry tigers!
Damn this OKC and Dallas game is a dunk show!!!
I love your show so I'm changing my icon to you guys!!!!
Number 1 thing people do on their mobile device? Personal email.
OH...and I'm also addicted to Pinterest now, if you couldn't tell. ;)
Thanks for RTing the Meg Murry article the other day!
#Oscars fun fact RT : James Franco and Anne Hathaway are the first male/female #Oscars Hosting duo to share the same stage
I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny
Craziest Best Dream Ever ... #Weird .. (:
Good afternoon ! 😊RT : #nf good morning
awesome my wifi isn't going well so it's probably best. :)
“: #ToMyFutureHusband Bringing home flowers and ice cream will never get you in trouble.”
Lately i have just been a complete screw up i have basically had bad karma since me and my friend had been arguing
I've been thinking about forever. Have you?
Thank you
You may be that one person to keep the victim from removing themselves from this world forever. <3
my boy Aaron said he'd drive down from Pittsburgh once a week to practice with us and play bass..
Still 109 Golden #AEDs out there worth $50 per AED...beautiful day to search for AEDs in the city!
Love you too big headRT : I love you Bae
Your values come from deep inside you. Spend the time necessary to discover them. Hold fast to them; honor them by your actions.
i read MAndy's tweet as 'lie in a hot batch and have chili'...
YES! As am I! Too excited to see it!!!!! What day are you going? I'm going Saturday
Watched some you tube videos. Awesome stuff! Are You going to do a show in Boston anytime?
Totes. Please. Profile pic looks like a close-up of a GI Joe doll.
well idk yeah some people 'like' those bands for those reasons... I didn't even know what kellin looked like when I first
Ladies you know a secret? - Your man will move the world for you if you love him and support him and cheer for him. But he won't do nothing
the drug that goes by "Meow Meow" cracks me up. Who's tried it?
Can ANYONE explain #Syfy Battlestar galatica to me? I watched it as a kid, but this 1 makes no sense 2 me.
Thanks to for hosting a district 21 candidate forum. Too bad was in the district but declined to attend.
Damn. They figured it out.
Are you attending May's Social Media Breakfast? We have the proud honor of being the facility and food sponsor
So When are you coming back to Texas.?????
Nothing better than a #Wisconsin steak at Tornado Room
It was a struggle trying to study for a final in the middle of perfect spring weather. But I'm about to shed my winter coat and this class.
with the exception of about 6 weeks of summer, you can have that in Portland, OR.
Carlos I have instructions you can follow. What is your email! Good luck with your class!!!
can you change it to a unc logo after they win without marshall?
Awesome, thanks so much for coming!
I'm bored:/
Happy Mommy's Day to the best mommy in the world! Lol(;
just a stressful day! :/ feeling Better though
RT : #overthesummer im doing speed and strength and sand volleyball
it's going to double ot.
#1 Reason why im better than everyone: IM ASIAN XD
1day down of the #super bowl madness ...9 more. to go
River North has a lot of great restaurant destinations. We had a great experience at What are your favorites in the area?
There are about one trillion bacteria on each of your feet
#PrettyLittleLiars comes back in exactly a month! yay!
So 2day is our final… i didnt know… ugh! Ill pass tho so hey!
casting models for Saturday !!! hit me up please!!!
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
Lol dude mad cuz i got a boyfriend now.. Jealousy is so not cute!
Haha ! Oh heck no ! Back off ! I will meet on June 30 && you're just jealous of my sensitive amazing babe ! <333
Thanks for replying, Patrick! We're currently not there. We were just at CCSC 2012! We will be at NCCE show next.
this is true...I shall try to come - now I'm merely 2hrs away!
I'd be more inclined to use #spotify at work if I didn't have to worry about a pic of Rhianna licking her lips every time I logged in.
so what's the new for 2012? ;-)
just saw your from ohio but if you know ANYONE in TX that likes chiodos oh sleeper or attack attack let them know we have tix
We have to learn to be our own best friends because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies. Roderick Thorp
Daley: "pretty obvious" that hopeful expectations for stronger economy this year and next are not going to be fulfilled.
no I do not have a Oovoo and thanks also why did connor stop making vids? <\Slope/>
Somebody's at the door.. MAAAH I DON'T WANNA GET IT!
lol I know :P haha :D
If anything, we museums have turned you in to beggars. You should expect MUCH more from us in all platforms.
Well look at that - my birthday is this week! How am I just now realizing this?
The little brook under my road is usually 18 inches wide, 2 or 3 feet in a tstorm—now 50 feet wide and roaring.
#4famouswords I love One Direction
hey! I dm'ed you something :)
Attn: : Looks like there's gonna be data... MT : GAB votes to create searchable database of recall signatures.
I'm sure it'll be awesome. And anyway, they're all special episodes. The ones with me in them just happen to be super :)
omg that's awesome!!!
my twitter is poop!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has M. Mead
bad girls club
My #FAMILY is
Thanks again to & for having us! And, as always, a huge thank you to our awesome manager for everything!
LMFO is absolutely horrible. Can't listen to its crap brand of crap music. Sorry, kids. :)
best thing is probably to create a new list, and then go to your following list and add everyone in class to that list
Real talk.. ill find something
Late night Press , press , press!! ... #Variety #TheHollywoodReporter + more
So I've been playing iPhone games, eating candy, and thinking of ways to spend my check ... For the last 3 days
where and whenn
yes very cool - are you going to see him?
Watching South Beach Tow!
Tomorrow will be my very first ride aboard one of your vessels! I can't wait!
Sorry for the novel, I have all the feels. How are your kitties? Joss and.... what was the other new kitten's name?
hi can u follow me? plz
Saw it last night at the #Starlight6 in #ATL. Nick: "I was drag racing." Detective: "In a Prius?" Nick: "I don't win a lot."
Ken Blackwell: Israel&#39;s Gathering Storm - The Huffington Post
Share some of your followers big homie.
Blownn Off My Ass.!!!
It is indeed a jockstrap... ;) Sorry there is no picture of the back.
Catch tonight on !
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
Happy Holidays from our family to yours! Have a fantastic holiday!
I go back & forth between feeling sorry for him and intensely disliking him. RT : *sad trombone* for Pete
deffintaely, you have to i can even send you links to different venues
Thank you! Would love to hear more about how you came across that amazing image! And possibilities of collaborating?
Shut Up And Love Me <3333
Ha! RT Ozzie Guillen returns to coach the Marlins tonight, on the anniversary of the Bay of Pigs. Ops.
Possibly. What's the catch?
It blows my mind when people use "your" as "you're" AND as "your" in the same sentence. Like, did it even faze you?
RT its a movie/oh wow, I got to get out. Lol! I've seen ppl referring 2 it like a club or some sort
If "inhibited" from travel, you must prove you aren't a threat. But how, when they won't say why they suspect you?
Sure! Keep up the good messages! :)
Not sure when we will release full track list, but Neal will be leaking some hints.
I was thinking the same thing!
and Suh won't because he's a douche bag
Memphis defeats Tennessee in double OT 99-97.
thanks for sharing Brian! Hope it helped get ya in the Christmas spirit!:)
"If we fail this time, it will be a failure of imagination"
Just read WSJ on #selfdirectedira custodians being sued for improper due diligence on investment providers. To bad.
True love is when you both bust your bottoms to ensure the household is taken care of but find time for each other still!
Is so #sick of #people. Cereal Bowles
Happy Birthday! <3 Save some of your bday money so we can go to Cotton On with !
Boarding This Next Flight To VA... #JetLife ✈✌
"Don't go, I need you In my life", LOL, just joking, close the door on your way out bitch.
RT : NICE! - did a great job with it today, he was so close.
“: And the #GWU kid loses Jeopardy at the last second. Just like our basketball team!”
Dad just got scammed into paying fora PDF version of the Dallas newspaper. Here's to the death of print.
Seems cute but sinister: Wouldn't want to have him next to me at 3 am. Good luck!
hm maybe playing with your car or some games will do the trick to get your mind off things! /hug
I miss my girlfriend.
Up moving a little. Hailey Anne had A rough night but MUCH better thus morning .
It's not really a plank, more like a lay down :)
It turned out to be a sunny day! First Thursday is hoppin' down below!
Fantastic! I shall raise a glass in celebration of her while here!
Thanks for correcting the spelling Arin. :) “: Oestreich* RT : Ostrich if you see this you're the best !”
haven't talked to you in a while . how's life.? lol
: - happy birthday! Love you!
just finished eating bro, now I gotta worry bout my Chem final, but today's also
Every once in a while u have that one afternoon nap that is a little glimpse of heaven....
NP I follow you. Follow me back?
Semantics: they don't need a fresh perspective; they need a user's perspective. :)
What's up #PianoMan. I'm working on the changes for "April in Paris". Any tips?
I am a very loyal person.
That awkward moment when the person you're talking bad about walks through the door..
Great review. Even my CEO could understand this! :)
That choir always rejuvenates me.... but why don't people ever text me back? You know who you are.
mm I like how you sip you're juice . Oh you also have nice lips, Not the ones in your face(;
Thanks, Stefan! We always want users to have a great experience, so we're happy to hear that you find the documentation helpful.
I would never Unfollow you Nicholas!
your welcome Follow back!
The Jackrabbits are back! Tune in to Current TV tonight at 9PM ET for an all new #4thandForever!
Monitor to hear what ppl are saying about yr brand, benchmark similar comps & set objective on what you want to achieve
Caption Contest: California&#39;s First Dog Hits the Road - Wayne ...
How High, Pineapple Express, and Friday are the dopest movies for stoners.
I hate Thursdays.
my husband & I saw this when we were there this past March for our 1yr anniversary, great exhibit
The courage of my colleague is truly inspiring.
All natural body butter - Shea, mango, cocoa butter, with jojoba, aloe vera, coconut, and vitamin e oil - 4 oz. - $23
Power 14 Voodoo 14 at Half. Power were down 14-0 and have come back to tie it up! LETS GO POWER!
Eating electrolyte stew topped with chopped turkey and guacamole.
Have a great weekend Colorado!!!!
are here? I just bought their book.
About to go mountain biking with coworkers. Haven't done this since middle school ... wish me luck!!
Just checking, has anyone else been getting crappy service from T-Mobile?
This weather is absolutely perfect for a bonfire
Landed in Chicago! And instantly I want potato skins and a beer, what is it with the midwest?
NICE! Thanks!
Whats wrong with my boo?RT : thank you on the verge of collapse.
Gotcha. My bad.
Thanks for the RT Matt!
what a privilege that America can embrace freedom no matter what we believe and our God is unchanging in His greatness and love.
I just want to go to sleep with you. No sex. Just you and I, the sheets, kisses, and sleep.
How long after Bryce gets called up can I expect a visit from you?
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family- I am one of 5000+ ANGRY people who want
So stoked!!! Go Cleveland!!
#comm_college faculty convened for #scalinginnovation meeting say students struggle with vocabulary
Sustainability and even environmentalism is NOT an attack on prosperity and free markets. In fact, quite the opposite.
I would slap a Minnie's Bumper sticker on my___________!
On my way home, glad i got away when i did... :-)
will you please follow me? I'm from Dallas too (:
just listened to your track "Good Girl Gone" on an old NYC comp CD I have. Awesome!!!
I'm pretty sure if you kill the Bogeyman then every pedofile in the world dies.
were y'all going? How long?
“: 20 year old tea party members and geriatric rappers #mifflin2012” <<-- Wow. Sorry I'm missing this to write a paper.
aw shucks! RT : #FF , awesome people I got to work w/ 4+ years, tweeting awesome news from the #AmericanU community
There's nothing I hate more than when the bottom of my jeans getting damp from the rain.
Yippee! Resume updated -- might need a cookie to celebrate!
Is it time to mourn actual Capri length pants? :-( its all ankle, ankle, ankle. They look so weird and gross on skinny long legged ppl
Pinning delicious #studyabroad breakfasts. What's yours? ;)
You can find work w/o exp. in Asia and Latin America. You could also volunteer at home or do an internship.
that's awesome! I just noticed this. "hey, you're working with a professional here!"
RT What's your best way to get past a plateau in your gains? Share your secrets :-)
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything.. -_-
I am SO thankful for my fun farewell happy hour at La Sandia last night! Awesome turnout and 4+ hours of socializing! :)
#10FactsAboutMe I don't like ordering for myself no matter where I go. It stresses me out to no end. & Idk why.
LOL stop. Her peak was so long ago, let's be real.
1 More to get to 250..
are you a demi fan? read this blog by a fan about being strong &getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
Tip #98: Listen to commentary, read poker blogs, and most importantly...ask a great player/coach if they would take you under their wing.
Too hard... for the fucking radio..." Tell me something good"... Im too hard... for the fucking radio.
I possibly could
haha hopefully you'll spot him again. seriously look him up in the MadTV skits. He is really good
Your not cool! Stop trying to act like a badass on twitter!
went inside jamba juice and heard Annie You Save Me playing in the bg jamming with my smoothie 🎶
Monday already!?!? This weekend FLEW by!!
Pretty sure its almost that time for some grub, 2 And a Half Men dvd and some sleep!
Two weeks until the kickoff event! Make sure to sign up today!
I have lost myself trying to find you
Last night to get $20 tickets for Mother's Day Event 5/10/12 Tickets! Only $25 at door. Don't miss it!
gotta love that
poor kid, he needs to get some more short track time. He'll figure it out one of these days.
i like
What is availability looking like, hasn't been much change on the store site. Hopefully those that want print are able to grab print!
I tell em meet me in the bathroom. Hold Up! Better yet my bedroom
So, that definitely sounds like thunder over If there's lightning you know Thor's coming.
QB Vince Young to work out for Buffalo Bills
i use to have an envelope maker/pattern too
RT : Day 2 of Global Youth Traffic Safety Month. 2 things to keep teens safe: buckle up & put the phone away!
I'm in the movies now watching
I'm filling in for Tony in the traffic center tomorrow on Good Day Oregon, getting you through your morning commute. See you then!
Stand up to the MAN! Yeah! That's what I say! Great job. Our guys still share the same hard-driving metal aesthetic, I see.
thanks for clearing that up for me it saved me alot of heartache trying to find a new word for thrice i have a very limited vocab
Groups of reform-minded teachers are cropping up all over the country - but individ teacher voices are heard now more than ever.
DM we are injecting social media into our business launch. This makes me wonder if we should speak. Please DM if interested.
hey give me a call
when you coming?
Sorry. Didn't mean to sound bossy. :) You guys have a great site.
Thank you Curtis
n yess most defintly invited to my shower lol
it's just you, or at least I disagree! I love having way more pb :)
p.s. I didn't recognize you until watching the vid's but we've met at the Spider. I'm
just ask them: "Y U NO NAMESPACE?"
Thanks! I'm glad you like the music!
Singing auditions went well. Now just for dance tomorrow. (:
Yes, repeatedly!
I'm not sure to be honest. Worth looking into, though. My guess is smaller school have more flexibility.
RT We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are. Calvin and Hobbes
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Teddy Smith
#DC plumber just told me he would never drink the city's tap water. Blech.
Hope everyone's ok....we had some crazy storms down here in Georgia yesterday....freaked me out!!!!!!
I TOLD them....magenta is betta. Duh
need to know more.
did u really call someone with the handle the Stalin of EAD revolution? Sasha Berkman just rolled over in grave.
he wrote the funniest memoir though, check it out
I don't care who you guys already have in mind for your 1st pick but it needs to be LaMichael James, he is a dual and deadly threat
NEVER YOU STOP THAT
ugh!!! Pugh and I are in Detroit and you are all the way in TX!!!!! Hah
Corned beef n cabbage day
Getting ready to head down from Mequon for some burgers.
Everything is always complicated.
Lonely.n....rs i cant deal at all
That makes sense . . . and sounds easier to keep on your head while running. (Plus, I'm sure it enhances your toughness.) :)
BibleFax: Paul wrote 20 yrs after the death of Jesus. The earliest gospel was written down 40 years after. No eyewitness accounts!
That mistake I Promise I will NEVER MAKE AGAIN!!!
lol @ my life.
We just saw you on TV. As Jay put it: "He's just double-fisting with cameras!"
"I have this theory..." looks great, man. That your wordpress skillz at work?
hahaha hell yea! If u call ask for mike jones!
#IndieMusic MP3: Pagiins – “What’s the Point?”
no problem! :)
RT:sophia Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home. // LOL
Yes indeed, happy pub date!
uh oh! Also don't tell them Jesus gave food and healthcare to poor people FOR FREE whether they had jobs or not.
So excited to see you guys in IL on Feb 2nd!! Gonna be my first time seeing you guys live!! So excited!!
I know I should go to sleep, but it's just so great to not be at work or at rehearsal for the play...
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Good morning ppls crazy ass weather, but im thankful for another day :-)
got it. thx. hope we'll all be kept in the loop as research moves along. we've got cases to make as budgets are cut /
he's big into draft etc... grain of salt . It's cool
"...Tonight, the streets are ours..."
thanks for comin last night!
Todd Haynes MILDRED PIERCE is getting weak reviews but an absolute must see tomorrow night on HBO. The great orig is on TCM tonite at 8pm.
Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson
If you all see RT from us of things has tweeted...please now we agree 100% w/ the statement! PR it ain't for everybody!!
Sure, you can email me at
Titanic pulled up anchor about an hour ago and we are currently headed to NY! Should be fun!
Maui Mall is getting ready for the Maui Okinawan Festival on Saturday, June 25. It all starts at 10 a.m. Food, crafts, and entertainment!
I wish Jacksonville had a B. Merrill's
we outside
They yell at you for not moving on fast enough, and when you need them theyre not really there, so your still stuck moving on.
Give us a follow. I want to DM you some details of a radio promo we are doing in Louisville. Thanks!
Your more than welcome to, just come through the back gate...
Is something wrong with the U.S. economy? I just bought your 10 million dollar house for $50 bucks.
44 degrees and overcast outside... Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a movie to me.
u telegraph ur moves
Great radio interview tonight. Shows a lot of class the way you're handling this injury and staying involved.
I LOVE IT! ♥ i go to watch wizards of waverly place at 17:20 :)
“My future starts when I wake up every morning. Every day I find something creative to do with my life.” Miles Davis
UNC Ash just got hosed. Wow. Terrible call
you are now followed.. lol
I think that's no different from K-12,many use it b/c it provides simple framework for an online presence.
same to you--thanks for the great conversations.
I was at #yalsateentech yesterday! Hope your chat went well...it took me 3 hours to get home from southern MD.
she knows I want and need time. The trust I had to her may wont get back like it used to ..
Reach up in the atmosphere right now and grab what you need from the LORD!
#Columbus #hiring part-time seasonal call center jobs in Worthington. One month contract - details?
i love you
School's out! goodbye TRMS hello HHS. I miss my friends so much :'(
OH- "Anyone wanna get weird and play Mario Kart?"
Tonights show is live on gashouseradio.com
If I win #MegaMillions, I'm buying a car elevator.
not at all!! I understand wanting to get out of there!:)
what did i tell you ;D GOD I LOVE YOU!
& tend to be 'defensive teachers' RT : Non-tenure track faculty attend A LOT more dev events than tenure-track
I don't get it either, can't stand her.
I hope these two don't think they're doing me a favor by talking about we up here studying for my benefit
Service industry workers can drink cheap and local every Tuesday.
Some people you meet in life should come with a warning label.
Sounds like an interesting new take on internet searching! I'll be adding myself to the invite list shortly.
- Hoss, were you ever teammates with Iron Joe McGinnity?
Intrigued by the assumption that what is being taught is what is being learned. Learning is ambiguous even if teaching isn't.
I back out and back out then click clat POW POW
I wonder what the singularity will be like. Will we lose all connection to our bodies? Or will it be like constant blow jobs?
Bad news?... straight up! I'm with you... Just rip the bandaid off and get it over with! :o)))))
think he might be a Sheffield united fan (certainly leaked a few against your boys)
Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. FOOD!! Can you tell I like food?
No Satchel, Shawn Smith and very little Brad.
civil war reenactors
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
..working on electro dance music....oh yeah...
I'm not. Just a little. Lol
Dear Aramis...u r not playing for Scrubs. Two outs come before three!
same haha text me
I love these office reruns
It's good to be luggage.
"Kidnapping" is such a strong word. I like to think of it as "Surprise Adoption".
My dad came home with ice cream but I couldn't eat it what is wrong with me
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart
Today I planned trips to #Portland, Hunt Valley, #Harrisburg, and #Hoboken. This will be a good year to meet folks and learn new ideas.
so much fun tho!
so where u from
If i make it thru this hour nd 15 mins with no parking ticket ill be very happy.. great thing is i can watch my car from my classroom window
4 Letter Word ~ L.O.V.E
Kill them with kindness
Ira will be on WGN Chicago at 11:30 talking about Voices of the Future, tune in!
I c ur future. Lesbian Prostitute. And u have a record of going to jail. :). Im good at this game. Go get a fucKin life
Thanks dewd. Appreciate it.
Thank you Rebuilding Together and Gilead Sciences for your #Service project at Spruce School in South San Francisco today! You inspire.
my besties did it! NOW ORDER ORDER ORDER!
how I remember the great birthday food at TP (Holiday team)
Seriously. Stop adding me to Lyme Disease Facebook groups. Ugh, I want no part of it. (FB)
Despite the major curve ball life's thrown me in the last few days, I'm happier in this moment, right now, than I have been in a long time.
Build, Transform, Secure, and Consume
DM Would you be open to a meeting regarding being a national digital academia spokeswoman. We are making it affordable to all.
Woke up super early! Pretty weird cuz I'm home alone haha
RT : Empowering people to soar should be at the core of every
lol thanks, next time you go there can you check what day I start
Yay! Hope you enjoy reading it. cc:
A2.write WHY it inspires you when you talk about WHAT inspires you-If you add ur POV it will be an original story!
I should prob censor myself a little more on here, but that just wouldn't be me. Never apologetic, Always kickin ass!
I think I'm bipolar...
Wishing everyone a healthy and happy holiday with family and friends!
hard-working and talented family. will definitely see the film.
Interesting idea.. Maybe have a two scores? One dictated by how people describe you and the other is that person's hard test score
MAGIC MIKE will be so very difficult to watch. BUT I WILL MUSCLE MY WAY THROUGH IT.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: This actress stars as the evil queen in an upcoming Snow White rendition. CTZLEIAOERRHHN
Thank you for all the #FF's !
Im soo ready for this game today(:
I just realized I don't think I can go a week without going to Walmart lol
Doing research this week on flipping the classroom for social studies classes. Has anyone done it?
Exactly! Who knew that even knows what golf is?
clearly they live in werner herzog's house.
ps. GET OUT OF BELLWOOD!!! That's all. Love ya'
On the way to Brazil, Indiana!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
sorry we missed it! Sounds awesome.
Normal Girls: ''Movie night with my boyfriend.'' Me: "Watching my boyfriend's videos on YouTube."
Come by Tonight for Half Off All Wine Bottles on our List! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
So glad to see the people of #Greece shunning Golden Dawn. Just say no to Nazis!
You don't need to go on a stupid diet to get thin
They are giving ABDC6 justin bieber crying
Yay! I'll see you in Dallas! RT Dallas for the weekend!!!
RT : Worrying simplification of marxist feminism by Span @
yes of course!
I Cant Deal With Fakers
#smbmad she is inspiring. we agree!
please do! I'm lost lol smh
Happy New Year!
All acting is pretending not to pretend.
On the phone with my amazing boyfriend Jarett <3
Follow & RT for your chance to win a VIP table TONIGHT at the newest hotspot! Hosted by !!
check yourself before you wreck yourself.
The weather is so off today
August 30th is the deadline for Artist & Venue matching.The venue list is available at www.ghartwalk.com
Mom, I'm bored, what should I do? "Clean your room." Nevermind..
When we put the focus on overcoming our own sin,we have a lot less time to focus on the faults of others
The first 5 people to show our bartender Dan a photo of themselves at Ward's Irish Fest booth gets a FREE shots of Jameson!
Isn't he great? I wondered why dinner wasn't waiting for me when I got home. Thanks a lot!
When are your spring quarter classes/seminars and where do you host them?
You've been here in this state long enough to get used to these roads.
.. I changed this pic like a week and a half/ 2 weeks ago. Your behind brah
TREE INFO- Now is the time for bronze birch borer control. If you have birch trees look up "bronze birch borer'. They're pretty bad!
“: Too young for marriage, too old for games and too smart for players....”
Seeking for Custodian in the Tampa Bay area
Nazr Muhammed, who tweeted that he has a 50" in the living room, but they were in the kitchen for the food. Lol
On Wisconsin indeed! Let me know if you post the haikus anywhere on the Web and I'll link them from BadgerHaiku.com. Tnx!
hey check your twitter messages now..
I Love You muawh *blows a kiss*
Cal Tjader's lesser-known follow up album?
Na its a preview for the new one
physically molly whoppin, triggers probably poppin.
Wrong. Brust received a special exemption due to a coaching change at IA. BT rules prevent transfer w/in conf.
Bethesda Catering Open House at 930AM - Get your favorite hoagie and a cold Puck's to watch some Puck later!
yu from nashville ???
Initial plot premise that was moved away from rather earlier, revisited in Modern Warfare only to transition from it.
I'm in Palo Alto on advanced training 4 our software & giving our team an overview of the integration with advanced #analytics & predictive
I'm Falling Asleep
“: Great meeting you in DC last week! See you at #SHRM2012?” yes can't wait for
#goodmorning to my Shaun :) good talk last night! Thanks again for talking whenever I need a close friend:)
Not that I'm aware of, but we adopted Google apps for our email and whatnot.
thanks for sharing that with me. That will really help me with my project.
All i feen izza queen in my PRESENCE
Never been happier to see Brodeur win a hockey game.
Good Morning Good Morning to you!
I have many abilities, but literal rainmaking is not among them.
O______O RT : That's interesting. This year's Pulitzer Prize in fiction: NO AWARD.
My Q: Wondering how much prefrontal cortex should physicians who tweet have? My A: Just enough.
now Giuliani concerto and Bach Ciaccona for Bethlehem Bach Fest: wild cadenzas for Giuliani: use Db major and Bbminor in 2 cadenzas Movt I
Welcome to February! How did January 2011 treat you?
I don't get it. At all.
at least we dont have to play him twice this year...
that's cool with me
Wish I couldd just go
Thanks for posting the CDL link so I wouldn't have to find it myself!
Hey Reed, Are you going to watch Ringer?
Got lunked doing calves, neck, and forearms at pf today with
Let your soul/ be your body
i hope you all do move here i miss my big brothers lol
baking brownies...because it's monday :)
Work like you don’t need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
Soul Searching!
TY! A very big star is reading right now to possibly direct the film. Fingers, toes and eyes crossed.
Wish i culd join that sounds relaxing //RT : Its a nice day so imma take a nap in the backyard.
I feel like I could fall asleep, but when I try my body fights to stay awake. Is this what being in limbo feels like?
god mod
Sunday, May 23 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest, Jim Dreaver | Author, Speaker | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
This is not good: Wednesday Nov 2nd, 2011 8:41 PM : Two #OccupyOakland protesters hit by car, possibly on purpose. One has reportedly died.
Manus in Mano => Hand in hand
RT I can respect yu more if yu juss be real! that otha shit is for the birds!
Its Work Monday & Tuesday . Make sure to tune in ABC at 8 & Vote for William Levy on Dancing with the Stars . ......Soon to see him :)
It's not a good thing, but it's not a bad thing either...not trippin.
On the way to deerfield beach
I hate getting hit on. It makes me feel so fucking gross.
Tron 3D...in the man cave...FTW!
#FF lunch goers: Nice mtg/ seeing you all & thx Sunny for hosting
I don't call out assholes on twitter often, but this deserves it. “: Kurt Cobain committed suicide. Did he play football?”
Honestly I didn't eat that much but I am #SuperBowl #stuffed. #racquetball tomorrow.
oh shit that's tomorrow?
You just want me cause i'm next .
: today's Fantasy Focus was comedy gold good work
Using my nervous energy to good use, my apartment will never be cleaner
. RT In honor of Sendak,If you cld have one children's book illustration or page signed/framed, what would it be?
hey man i really like your stuff..id like 2 chat with you about working together email me
Thanks! I just got to functional this morning.
So your for sure comin home???
Wow. RIP Whitney Houston. Such a tragic loss of such an amazing talent. Sad.
Research proposal. Done.
"Under my plan, if you like the dog you have - you can eat him."
So, um, my mother has volunteered me to design a website for a community garden that's just starting out.
In my eyes, Ryan Braun is about as innocent as Mark Chmura was. That said, go Brewers.
When you're hot you're hot... and when you're not you're not. That's the definition of.... Hollywood. =)
What are you up to these days? Ever hire overseas outsourcees? I'm looking for a solid article and content writer/rewriter.
these people man is just puttin that extra drive in myself that I need!!!
Cozette says "Don't forget to #tweet what #book you're #reading today for #fridayreads!" Meow!
haha that's funny
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you. About time, the world needs to hear your voice!
yeah & tea afterr:) x
Woo! Have a great day! > “: Wishing luck on his first day at a new job! #welcomehome”
Omg hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. You're so perfect stevie lol
The things you hate about yourself are usually the things other people wish they had.
is attending the ABA webinar Deconstructing US v. Stevens. Crush video filmmakers and watchers are so sick.
Seriously tho, excited to put out some quality tunes.
Big year for Hart Crane. Inducted into the NYS Writers Hall of Fame on June 5th & celebrated by James Franco in film, The Broken Tower
Thank you for quoting me. If you get a chance check out my video on starch at www.yestocookies.com home page.
Happy Birthday to may God bless you to live and see more and I wish you many blessings on your day big sister loves you
What #Milwaukee area #nonprofits and #charities do you support? We're always on the lookout for great causes so let us know who ur favs are!
Who's planning on doing some Spring Cleaning this weekend?
done your turn :)
"Dog Bites"...they're on the White House hors d'ouvres menu. Served with arugula aoli.
practice makes perfect. Put that song on repeat and get crunk.
I will fuck a bitch up over my mama fucking family or night I dnt give 2 fucks she had me nt u hoe
Word. RT : Just a heads up: A trans woman isn't 'becoming a woman'. She's a woman already. Huge support for
great Christmas spirit by giving those tickets, glad u stayed with GB, cant wait to see u on field next year, CLASS ACT
I have a bottle of miracle spray from Terminix. Think I went overboard - used it all in one go!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  43
how come i dont see ass clown on the bench? Or is he and i just cant see him.
Why am I here
if our catalog died the whole consortium would go down...*shudder*
"God knows what you've been doing, everything you've been doing. You may fool me, but you can't fool God!" - The Great Gatsby,
PB&J, Stuffed Green Peppers, French Toast, Rectangle Pizza, & Tater tots are some of #MyFavoriteFoods What about you?
I saw a dead fish on the road when I went running
May the fourth be with you. Droids would make excellent technical cofounders, right?
It would be a heck of a lot more interesting than what is out there right now.
": #Gemini never listens to when their body says enough is enough. Therefore, they fuck all night long." Stop spying on me :0
good day, mate(:
Reed made Sveum look like a genius with that PH.
Thanks , the new colors represent #YouthDevelopment, #HealthyLiving and #SocialResponsibility!
Statistics is starting to get worse. I'm 98% confident that I hate stats.
I just scratched my cats belly and I think I accidently took off one of his nipples
DYK? Violette Anderson- 1st Woman of color to practice law before the US Supreme court is a member of Z PHI B ..
well thanks! preciate you swingin by :)
Twitter Townhall in a few minutes with
AAAAHHHHH!!!! Got the new seventeen with the section of !!!!! I'm so excited!!!!! I need more thumb ravks for my wall
creepy dude
I bet! I have plans tonight already or I would.. have fun :)
well u know I'm all blues and we hate united. Nice FA title title yesterday huh? Next up champions league.
you're special. (:
true. just watch though the #Devils do the same thing later in the series and get called for a penalty
Romney victim of bullying for being forced to explain his vicious assault on suspected gay kid.
are you booked for anything Friday September 30?
It's hotter than a hoochie's coochie!
Creatives aren't meant to be together. We sit on the edge of mental stability and ineptitude to make things that ppl enjoy.
RT : CW Head asking for minimum design standards for housing citywide so we can "refuse trailers without wheels."
That was just perfect! You did great, on #BieberOnTheVoice <33
No doubt! Thanks for being an integral part of
Yes, we WILL still be having our typical Wednesday Night Party Night tonight at the White House. The schedule has not changed
that awesome moment when retweets you & follows you when you don't expect it. #mademyday <21
ive been listening to for days now, along with and ....i love my playlist lol
so do you have a bf lol
I need to hurry up and get off work before I beat this kid ass
Over half the family sick with sinus issues and on meds. Hopefully we all get feeling better soon.
lol no prob! Just wanted to check in! That reminds me, I need to hand over my life to .. ermm .. someone? lol
Ending spring break with an exciting match of #cricket, India's victory over Pakistan & Kohli's brilliant performance!
I ask her if we can go buy some food and she tells me know. Then she gets mad at me when I make the simplest of things in large quantities
Thanks for the recent follows!
History will be made!
I think we're at capacity!!! Remember, we're looking for another theatre space for June. Let us know if you have connections
I liked that performance.
Me and just might have compared our friends to old social networks. Hint
me too! Me too!
lottery or plane tickets?
Brew Crew couldn't get it done tonight, but I'll be in the house to watch em win it on Friday!
Way too much mascara and way too much glitter nail polish. Plus a bow on my head. Ready to do Busan right.
Florida weather is nicer and I am working on my tan
@ jimmyblake Those murlocs are nothing but trouble!!!
our student group is trying to change our education system....thanx for coming to speak to us about your work!
I was very glad to finally see her perform in person! And such a nice gal too.
it's super fantastic now that you're a part of it, my sweet angel rebeka. and how was your day, dear?
#bowermanmile #preclassic let's go make #us proud!!!
Hi, Shannon! TFF!
Lmao RT : Why would the news lady ask the glr waiting for THE BUS about a parking ticket????????!!!!!
'Bout time to call it a night | Catch us next time | 11-7 Weds-Sat & 11-5 Sundays. Community members doing for themselves, keeping it local.
I'm proud of all my lil niggas that kept they head on skraight and bout to graduate y'all kno who y'all are, love y'all niggas no homo
Wow. Reminds me of Bob Horner with #Braves, in mid-80s RT : Josh Hamilton with the 14th four-homer game in MLB history.
very well thanks!!
Thanx, Broadview, for once again providing crappy broadband service. No phone no internet!
The value of ABA is that learners do things that they currently arent. Once they do and have a positive experience they will more often.
Wonder if will take gold in
AceHood yummy I mean really
very but I hate heights so I'm missing half the fun
I don't know what's worse, that I can hear my neighbor having sex with her bf or that it consistently seems to stop after 1 min
thanks Lee!
OMG HII :D ,sup?
Starting up some research for LeaderLabyrinth: What does the concept of "mindfulness" mean for you? How do you define/think...
I feel sick forreal.
can't wait for the auto-tuned version.
off to Paris for a a 1-day meeting of the Forum d'Avignon Board
I got the best compliment the other day. Someone said I had a "proper" New York accent.
follow NOW
We just confirmed our first gig since May and our first gig with new our frontman! December 10th, Paradise Skatepark, Merritt Island!!!
i know. i hope it will be a better show but you never know what to expect with Anton. at least i saw a few of the good ones!
Darn it!! No more on #CupcakeWars. Time to change the channel.
for game strategy? Throw together at one person...
- underwater love
love you to 💘
is lunching with Mumsie.
Remember - you can choose either 20% off your whole order (Code: FABFEB) or free shipping (FABFREESHIP) now thruw Feb 28th!
thanks. I'll give them a try.
#Cincinnati is who we thought they are!
#Gators win ALC Championship. Congrats from the #GatorNation!
really? Cos it looks bad here in West Bloomfield “: The severe thunderstorm watch for SE Michigan has expired. #miwx”
Gonna go die. K cool fuck you.
He's gonna get a triple-double tonight.
Because you have to endure Battleship first. Rules are rules.
phew what a relief!! I had a horrible attack once. I think it was gall bladder but doctors never knew for sure.
meanwhile being 2 payments behind on our mortgage cause my grandmother is expecting my parents to dig her out of the hole she has dug
when you attack a-holes, you attack my profession
Rap scallions! So that's what those oniony weeds are... I need either a goat or for Caleb to come over to harvest.
Those project are always compelling and interesting, something about a still shot that speaks so differently then film.
The fray makes me happy<3
WVU hasnt made a shoot in OT besides FT
with all the grammar nazi's out there, that is definitely surprising - maybe its the crowd you're running with? Ha!
aren't they headed to Texas too though???
Jaelle.. you know your gonna comeback. admit it.
thanks for covering the #co_ffcalendar event tonight at 's ladies get down here!
lol beat boxing in the car with >>>>>>
damn cud I eat 1st!!!! And I read it wrong my fault
awh your welcome and so are you! (:
Thanks for the follow ! Don't forget about the Alumni Orientation with on Wednesday at 7:00 pm in MGC 200.
- Can you DM me or send me an email address? Wanted to keep you in the loop on Arnette & others. Craig W has my email too.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Berghoff Cafe. Terminal C - American (live updates)
Fish pedicures the weirdest feeling ever.
I just paid $25 for the worst. breakfast. ever.
The falls were so amazing. I definitely need to go back and spend a day or so.
He needa quit hanging up on me thoughh .
Let's do it! X
key problem is the materiality keeps us from seeing virtual as real. Ontological or cognitive challenge?
had a great time at rubas b-day party!!!
Be strong now , things will get better. It may be storming now, but it can't rain forever <3
Following the Prop 8 court proceedings via Twitter: &
sometimes blood ain't thicker than water...thank God for Jesus!
They sent an email about it to people with accounts on April 18th.
Heard dat from the man himself. “: Peoples. Derby party at BERNIES on saterday (sandvball + bar). Be there or be square.”
where u bm me if u still in bama X
Ohio Special Services Group - Proven, Tested, Trusted, contact us today!
no broom stick to pound on the wall? Just kidding. I'm glad this girl didn't try to volunteer at our org...
Loll i see u gusy are really nervous because of the tix :'D good luck to all of u :)
IT IS NOT BAD, mushy and taylor (covington, I can't think of their twitter names) went with us last time
Just got a delightful candy gram from OSU. It said "Thank You!!!" seven times. I love prime numbers, and they know this.
No they certainly are not. They haven't been the same since Holtz left. My question is always (cont)
Listening to Chuck Prophet "No Other Love" from soundtrack P.S. I Love You ...
Taking the residency pretty literally today. Whole Machine staff will be here in 1 hr, crammed in Director’s office.
sorry for beiong away during the last month. Schedule has been enormous, but back now and ready to go. Much love to all my peeps
“Nail polish makes nails look good; fluoride varnish helps keep teeth looking good by preventing cavities.”
Actually Wolfgang but I can't find him on the agenda.
com/builder-and-remodeler-marketing-webinar
chaneling : "Access to publicly funded research should be a human right"
" " haha what has the world come to?... this guy's giving a "talk".
I'm Tiredd ! Well Time To Hop Into Bed! Hopefully Twitter Doesn't Keep Me On For Another Hour(:
I'll upload it.
Jeffrey's lightning mojito - rum, soda, fresh mint, agave nectar, sugar in the raw, fresh strawberries and a packet of emergen-c raspberry!!
Created a cool GoogleMaps retailer locator in php/mysql and some practical back office functionality for a current customer.
I really need to learn to say NO!!!!!
NASA&#39;s Human Spaceflight Programs: From Space Shuttle To The Future
They should've called this the Herman Cain Self-Destruction Bowl.
We want to marry you!
called u the other day
Overcame my addiction and finally deleted words with friends. Now I can focus on more important things, like developing a meth addiction
Ken Burns new film on DB is coming in Nov , website should launch this summer
Wishing we brought #beardsoup biz cards to the Octopus Project show at tonight, crowd is looking pretty beardy!
love the new album! I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it! "Everyone left" makes the morning drive to work bearable!
is trying to figure out twitter....all the kids are doing it
Come to the Book signing today SAT 09/17 at WALGREENS - Fairfax CITY, Virginia 1100 AM to 100 PM
yeah, even thinking gotta hurt with them joints.
About to hit the pool!
I wonder what Mitt Romney will have to say about MCA.
any particular field or position?
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune - Jim Rohn. Keep smiling,
loved last nights episode can t wait til a new season of #khloeandlamar starts!! love ya khlo please RETWEET!!
YES! MT : Todays union isn’t about protecting the avg worker, it’s about protecting the progressive movement in America
I feel elderly.
After about the 20th drop, It's a miracle my iPhone isn't shattered by now ☺
anything pretty much.
Always be an encourager & stay constant in sharing your magnificent gifts with others:) Some days this will be tested~~
The rain is starting! Be safe driving home everyone.
I'm willing to bet that Bama is left out. And when we do rematch those kids from YSU, you need to shoot better than 20% haha
Sorry for the late reply. We added the tots and mac & cheese a couple months ago!
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
My pleasure! I hope you find something good! :D
shocked to pull out a quarter from my purse and it is for the U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS. hm, what do you think? Have you seen this
Happy #veterans day
Learning about small business taxes. I want my side hustles to be legitimate!
Can't wait for tomorrow to see Celtic Woman for the fourth time, it's going to be amazing :)
r u guys going??
I never get enough sleep 😔💤
Victory for fairness and "new day for families" seeking a better life says Catherine Lhamon of
Q&A: Annie McClanahan points out that the weight-to-space ratio for dogs in kennels is much more humane than the prison system.
that sounds about right. I'll save myself the trouble and watch some girly shows with the girl roommate. #theblazerway?
Bought some capri leggings and they aren't very capri on me!
Am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark! Please RT if you explicitly want me to fail!
let's both move out n live downtown. K great :)
Merry Christmas Y'all Hope everyone has a blessed Christmas with their fam Lets not forget to say a prayer for our troops to come home safe
OneDayMyWorld'llEntwine w/Greyson's,we'llHoldHandsInTheSandByTheTireSwing,we'llWait outside the lines,but I NEVER want him to unfriend me :)
dude don't delete it! How else is gonna mention u when we rock ur joints on air?!
the girl who was kidnapped and kept for 18 years
This puzzle is so hard
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
OkAy eVeRybodY i gtg hit the road so ...cya with all my luv (*)
book and super hero related roleplaying games.
There is no way kU should get a number 1 seed in the NCAA tourney in front of
Tonight KLUSOZ NIGHTCLUB THE OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS SOUNDS MY PARTYBOYDJZ DJ KENZO
Can't wait 2 hear about it! Bummed I'm missing out. I was planning 2 go, but class got changed to ALL DAY today!
Everyones life is precious.
Tune in tonight to 's Friday Night Flava. Got some fresh new music on my mix along with rest of 106 Mastermixers!
RT : So....this counts as Obama auditioning for "Glee", right?
The body's oil is the better oil for the hair.
Yo if Sessions is gonna be this useless then they may need the play Ebanks more.
thanks for the RT, greatly appreciated.
I am fucked. Rose wine you whore.
you didn't see it?
Not to worry! You can see if your local public library has Mango or you can purchase our downloadable product!
you can call me :)
boyfriend is going to be amazing. My friends and I are staying up so we can be awake for the release.(:
Wanna go out :(
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) EFosterJohnson, TeamCashBilz, OsloLive, HANGARdesignUSA, CutThemCoupons,
I just got 4 teeth removed.. can I get a get well? or Feel better?♥..
Your ponytail is doing a wheelie.
we need to get to join us!
It's damn near 5 in the morning and I'm up having a conversation with Siri -_- I'm THAT bored!
Long hot showers >
Thanks for the tweet...enjoy our sites
especially if it's blackened...KNOWWHATIMSAYIN!?
true but they really should have won though
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. Lao Tzu Go and grow!
RT: How'd you like to learn the secrets to creating a multiple award winning one woman show? Join R live stream April 4th @ 8 P.M. EST
Boo did I scare ya follow
I loved Goober, and Gomer too. Grew up with those guys
Polo Drawers n Jordan Socks....lol
lol. Aw, I love you. Also, I saw your friend Kat K yesterday. It was Greg's bday.
Angela Bassett has some like ultra gorgeous brown skin!!
do i get my money back cause i only bought for you :(
do u know off the top of your head what division/group he's with? i've got two friends over there..
Dad: "who got kicked off the voice?" Me: "you did-____-" Dad: "thanks"
I crushed ur heart once again I'm sorry cant sleep can't breathe knowing how I hurt u twice in one year at that know that I still love u
It doesn't feel good to hear the truth
I'll probably give out shout outs tomorrow to new followers :)
smh= suck my honey
I wasn't sure either plus I had my disguise on #readingglasses :)
It must be the hair was still too "Zach like" not the mechanic. I'll give you one of 👍I'm on your side
Why can't you?
So true!! RT : There are no promises in the modelling industry.
I covered longs. Going to let dust settle. AUDJPY USDJPY
More Final Lock Results: Yankees W, Indians W, Blue Jays L, Tigers L...6-3 so far. Only Dodgers left! About to go 7-3! HUGE NIGHT!
In 1985, a confrontation between Philadelphia authorities and the radical group MOVE ended as police dropped a bomb onto the group's row
I'm wearing my crazy boots today, yay!
#Panforte? Not sure I understand that name but sure I'd like to try. Current favorite for my training rides is chocolate chip.
Seems like Pepsi is trying too hard to leverage XFactor sponsorship w/ #SBXLVI.Love simplicity of Coke/American Idol activation
hey you, yeah you...your a pretty cool kid :)
thanks bru! will be in BK a decent amount this summer, hope to catch up and raise a glass
In line for ipad and it's raining. 1hr 10 to open. About 50 in line so far. Expected it would be far worse.
ur right i need to increase my lingo vocab lol... too much prep school inspiration...
I think I'm inlove with you.
And now I'm off to buy it. Note: when I do my solo record, I'm pulling a and writing it in
Nothing screams PUT ME ON TV like "I haven't made up my mind yet."
Happy Birthday!
Everytime I come to Milwaukee it dont be shit to do
On the cokeboys 3 flow for the night
a river cuts through a rock, not because of its power but because of its persistence.
Just taking a relaxing weekend at the lake outside of Lago Vista. Bit of a staycation...but totally excited : )
OMG Mona Fell
Follow Friday! All American Heroes G.I
HI! What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Today: Washington DC Conference on Skilled Labor: Conditions for Growth - www.rgit-usa.com at the Newseum.
Going to Columbia... #text me!(:
JPS student brings BB gun to school - WAPT Jackson
Beyonce named 'World's Most Beautiful Woman' – The Marquee ...
#Kentucky all the way!
Finally solved android logo quiz - and nothing happens...
What u doing
It's one of, if not my FAV #babson tradition! Enjoy! Have a tater tot for me :)
I'd be willing to share, I'm not greedy. :)
teaching Nothing But the Truth by Avi this fall... any projects/lesson plan ideas to share?
WHAT! So are they going to be #1 this year? I HOPE NOT!! D:
thats what you get for not goin with d-lo
Not over The Twitter. Not enough characters to properly explain.
Meanwhile, S&P's sovereign debt team miscalculated US debt by as much as $2tn when it downgraded America's credit rating last August
Kimya show was perfect. Played all the cuts and left everyone in the room feeling better about life. Perfect end to my time at the foundry.
Good morning! 5 more days until my wedding. Let the sleepless nights begin...
North or South?
"i'm high up in the sky, i'm on like 4 planes".. Um sorry but that's not scientifically possible sir...
awesome. Thanks again for visiting!
Hope everybody had a MERRY CHRISTMAS & for all our jewish fans, a HAPPY HANUKKAH!!!
Still stings...
the nights where usit there with the 1who means the world 2 u for hours on end, those are the nites that u would never 4get and never change
HAPPY FALL BREAK!!! We knw embark on 10 glorious days of no school (for the kids at least)
Kawhi Leonard starting in Sacramento! Pretty cool I must say
Reading this tweet + breathing = A gift... Be grateful for the little things today and you'll see what difference it makes.
I will be stronger, faster, and leaner this month than I was the month before
Everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold.
So mad muhh camera on muhh computer it is so not working
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 36
- I'm a Capricorn!!! Thank you Christ :-) I'm smiling :-)
“The best way to keep children at home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant, and let the air out of the tires.”
I'm gonna have "Drop The World" stuck in my head all day
"His Satanic Majesty ..." appears to be an early version of *Yellow Back Radio Broke Down* in verse! Awesome! #totalassaultontheculture!
thanks for following my bestfriend it meant so much to her. Your like her biggest inspiration and crush in the whole world
Try Aqua Bamboo and Spa on Kuhio Ave, see the www.sharinghawaii.com Hawaii travel guide for HI info and tips.
Reporting the news...Thnx for the comment though.
This breaks my heart! If you would shoot me DM I would be happy to process a refund for you.
Great job today !
Evidence is pointing to the closing of as the cause for the darkened skyline because, like America, Boston runs on Dunkin.
I had rice for dinner, am I cool yet?
do you know which radio station they'll broadcast it on?
Also, Kelly is playing today! We almost went too!
homemade mac n cheese #fat boy
The Chevy #Volt gains traction in the EV market...
How can the black-and-whites look *that* much better than the color frames? *Shakes head*
congratulations to your wife! How are you celebrating it?:)
Never won, though he should have.
RT : Holy crap this caller on #Rush is an idiot >sad that there is ppl like this stealing our oxygen!!!
u on?
#MCA and #Fuentes both gone almost within a week of each other. Two writers that forever changed me, albeit at different moments in my life
I couldn't even hear him....This announcement needed subtitles. At least Amile picked Duke and not State
Chinese for dinner SOON!!!
I always think I could just lounge and watch TV indefinitely, but day 3. I'm done.
my #FF bud, thanks so much!
My knee just made a loud pop sound!!
Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master: you will rule it instead of allowing it to rule you.~Charles E. Popplestone
I'm there bro
You know that I 'd refuse to chop all my hair off.
Happy Birthday :) Hope you had an amazing day at Austin's concert ! <3
you have a smart mom and a heroic dad! Aren't you just lucky. Lol. #GoArmy!
I was sleeping. Hangs tonight?
yes- I especially dislike the third team, the refs.
I love you that's all logging off just wanted to say that :->
James Franco has White Tiger Blood and Madonna's DNA.
thanks joe! Glad you had a good time!
RT : From a #FoundingFather's pen. Letter from George Washington to Alexander Hamilton on March 4, 1783:...
Clinic Price REDUCED!!! Register to reserve your spot.
lol I was just saying the same thing
I'm for "Midnight In Paris" winning Best Picture at The Academy Awards!
Good Morning I had some pretty wild dreams last night. I was so relieved to wake up and realize that they never happened. Phew!
fuckk, i cant wait for my novela tomorrow.
Thank goodness. I'm loving me some Cissy right now.
Not all comments require a #comeback or #false laughter... sometimes it's just #good to listen and enjoy someone else's opinions.
Follow for real tips and dope pics!!!
Great win my dudes. Keep pops in the 1's
So many happy people trading their old gold in for CASH coming in and out of our store this week! What would you do with that extra money?!
briefs! And only briefs! #rockoutwithyourcockout!!!
Yes of course! Glad to see you tweeting, enjoy your day! :)
Great training today! Mixed in jiu jitsu and MMA. Keep up the good work.
Also serving pollo sofrito, al pastor and barbacoa. So come to union station and warm up with our delicious chicken tortilla soup.
#RIP60 class tonight at Accolade Fitness SOUTH from 5:30-6:30pm. Your first class is FREE! 1785 S 8th St
speech is dull.
I consider those people disgusting.
Happiness is getting upgraded on the flight to #Vegas. Thx Nailed it!
Hello Brie, thanks for following us back!
the calls to deal him for howard start up again?
Foozball, better than coffee to get the morning started!
The bold and the brave have this in common a fearless heart which is equivelant to the swinging sword of a giant against his foes.
I miss my little Jenny from the block
Satan called......he wants his weather back!
going to shoot another silly video this morning, possibly featuring the Return of Super Sam Sessa, in honor of Comic-Con. want an autograph?
From a fan, describing a conversation with her three-year-old. Son: I want some pie! Mom: What kind of pie? Son: 3.14!
Lol. That's a bummer. If you get 3 #'s you get $3. That's the most I ever won. Maybe next time!
Thx Tammy! We all miss May he RIP
"I've decided that the worst seat in this place is right behind Aztec Gino." - My girlfriend
u know that's right! We gonna party it up today! Lol
I wish! Maybe we can do a discount on dues, but we had to repair a pool leak so funds a problem
If your labeled as a lazy ass and you already know that. Why don't you get your lazy ass up and step up to the plate for once!!!!!!!!!
u done already?
Thank you and I will RT
Ugh this weather makes me wanna take a million showers..
So you can post status's and pictures on facebook, but you can't text me back?
Just a ate a sandwich piled high with swine
Just because i love my job doesn't mean you can say hurtful words
I'd expect an emphasis on innovation. Obama is not a Gingrich-ish name dropper, but Steve Jobs will likely be mentioned. And Bin laden
Raising awareness for at-risk children in our community this month...follow
Hell yeah. Make a drum video. I'd like to see it!
Bizarre foods makes me happy I don't eat meat. :)
LOL That's how I make my living! I build and sell lenses.
#albumintros "Sympathy for the Devil" Beggar's Banquet, "Immigrant Song" LZ I, "Once" Ten, "Don't Stop Til You Get Enough" Off The Wall.
It would be interesting to know how much #DeadliestCatch paid to have a plug on
Police vans surrounding Liberty Square.
homework time :S
the 17th at Sawgrass. i'm saying that you can do things like green or bust if it's a par3
SUEDE Lounge Tonight FREE (Complimentary) Skyy Vodka and Pyrat Rum 9pm-10:30pm - NO COVER
#SO to my Sis and a friend and a person that needs to hmu.! (: #500th tweet(:
RT : Gym shorts and a tshirt = summer attire
merry Christmas!!!
The etrade baby seems like a chill bro.
A zip and a double cup, im gettin high as fuck.
I struck a blow for equality--saw Bridesmaids. Women not unfunny.
Going to do the grown up and make a phone call.
finally joined the revolution.. now let's see if I actually tweet more than once a month
going out in fell's tonight. wouldn't be the first time I drank in a bar full of Japanese Navy sailors.
looking forward to driving you!
nice work on #DWTS you were robbed by the judges. My husband even voted (that's NEVER happened before)
We all have the responsibility to make ourselves heard at every level of gov't. Starts with being informed, speaking out & voting.
hmm tempting.... RT : Officer applications EXTENDED! We are still looking for Secretary & Fundraising Coord. applicants.
you headlines soon will be local pop singer gets sued and a criminal investigation against his management.
Proposing sessions at #evillebouncecamp via text. Can't take a picture of my phone because phone is my only camera.
thanx for the favorite!
More power to you!
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
"Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness." — C.S. Lewis
Looks like the Bucks are following our idea. Both Jennings and Bogut are now on the trading block.
Thank You For The Retweet!
next time i go to ice house, ima chuck a mysterious ziplock bag to you during your set, you'll know...
RT : BREAKING: NATO says a bomb has killed 3 service members in eastern Afghanistan.
Fear is faith that it won't work out. ~Sister Mary Tricky
All happiness depends upon a leisurely breakfast. John Gunther
So, definitely the best part about coming home is the piano. Worst part is the coffee.
Looks so good!!! I'll be right there!
. what's the #1 sales mistake using linkedin? And how do you best write your profile to maximize sales?
Well, #Apple did fullscreen on multiple monitors correctly on at least one app on #MacOSX #Lion… QuickLook.
doesn't look like u can take control away from MAMP Pro. Maybe just use MAMP and handle everything yourself?
it's all good my brother, do you from Nellas Mr. Chu...
RT : Both & say they will play tomorrow night.
But you say hes just a friend !
Class outside tomorrow!!!! Time for a Gang War aha <3 ;)
lame, it redirects you to the app store on mobile. oh the irony.
"oh shitttt!!! U know it's on when these 2 r out" haha no kidding that's what they tell us
I cant stand this bitch...
Colorado tweeps/writers: MT : I'm speaking Thurs., Fort Collins. Join us! 6-8pm Northern CO Writers Studio, 108 East Monroe Dr.
Slacker 2011 premiere has a red carpet and paparazzi. Lookin legit, Austin.
no it's like brown!
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else." --James M. Barrie
I take it you called!
WHAT AN EVENING!!! We had an awesome Kirtan Workshop tonight
last minute tickets? Kelly and Nam are going! meet up with them!
Orton's comp % isnt bad either but it's misleading We leave yards & points on the field b/c the rec'rs have to reach back.
head down &
I sometimes wonder if lives could have been saved in Syria if the US had made a better case with Iraq.
Television and Motion Picture Studios sponsor their performers, legacy brands sponsor the event, who is going to sponsor you?
Blizzard: Most pro maintenance game developers ever, JK, Super Mario World had better realm maintenance.
Haunted? Tell the story! RT : Idk why you guys like the #UNCC library..it's the worst place for studying and it's haunted.
LOL, now THAT was classic. Don't worry, Jen and I are workin' on a diff day perhaps, so it can make more sense
It's our pleasure!
Anyone in the Austin area sew clothes without a pattern?
I think might be the smartest kid I've ever heard speak...19 years old and running a company selling products he developed
RT : Yall make fun of bosh but despreately need that nigga. Heat lookin like chicago
back to work i go
#askObama Ans 12: Tax code changes: eliminate jet loop holes, oil drilling subs, tax rates back to Clinton rates for millionaires
Hey Man, went back to Jits yesterday and today, getting back on my program. Starting to cut weight again.
PAST TIME! for all of us to dump him..
im my tickets then like today thank you.
Idaho execution reminds me of poet J Donne 'do not ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee"
Yyoo good morning pplz. ITS FRIDAY!!! PAYDAY!!!! Well for some ppl its payday...for others....well sounds like a personal 2 me lol, sux 4 u
If I fuck a chick and get a nut call that my AND 1 and if I fuck her from da front call it REDRUM!
#FF You Guys Have A Good Day!
Glad you like it! And Rucca really is! He's an absolute turd. Just wait til you see what we have in store. The plans are cool.
how many times are you going to watch that movie?
Good Luck!
I just need to stop thinking about it. Rawr.
- love your background picture cuz....I'm a Walker Texas Ranger fan!
rt "The true testament of character is now how you act on your best days, it's how you act on your worst."
Getting ready for some
Why must I get hungry at this time??
sorry my phone died -_-
There will be a Mobile Vet. at the Ice House tonight at 8 pm. Bring your dogs! Also Movie Night. See you there!
Thanks for the shout-outs and responses
THIS MAN, HAS A POINT! RT : How bout.... All the women twitpic their #shirtoff much better idea, less ayo
Going to Richfield days? Come by AMICI'S! Shane Byrant playing both Friday/Saturday night at 9. And he's back Sunday @ 11 for the parade!
congrats. Let the love affair begin! It's an awesome vacuum!
I cannot believe I missed an opportunity to meet Chad Ochocinco when he was in town playing the Panthers. I love that dude!
I know right gonzaga is too real. Just ask there the love of his life
Up early gettin ready, I can't wait to be wit my family lata
haha thanks! Love you too(:
There are a TON of other bars in the area that have #Belly! & more
I hate lebron but I still think he deserves a ring.. even though he put in the cheat codes to get with that team
The Goodwill trailer flipped and spilled junk all the way across the interstate. Scary.
wants bacon.
Me too! Let's do it.
psyched about training with the gb lads and lasses this avo, tomorrow to support mma and kickboxing novices
do you think they were listening in on our tweeeetz!?!?!?! IS IT SOMEONE WE KNOW!?!?
Freezing in May..:( brrr.
Most players play games at least on their free time, however, an ordinary game playing time can possibly turn out to be an addiction
Nope, I lost it, too.
It was such a let down when didn't show up at my front door on Maybe and I should show up at his!
Whats up man!
Gonna play my guitar till my fingers fall off tonight haha
HAHAHA dying.. at both your tweets. good time last night
The puppies name is Butters, after the character on South Park haha. He is a black Pomeranian
Just got my hair dyed!
daytime TV is pretty bad. I might clean the house today.
Simmons College Radio Air Staff and Managers are presenting Virtual Study Abroad at the 2010 IBS Radio Conference
Realized I listen to The Doors more readily than anyone did back in the '60s when Jim Morrison was still writhing around in leather pants.
Chicken Butt helps #headstart kids read? #nhsaannualconf Come see at 2 and 4 pm - Session # 528 & 527, Governor’s Chamber A!
awe you just made my day :) thanks!
pretty baby!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 59
New Ten launches tomorrow. Who will it be?
your so lucky, i was going to go ziplining in hawaii but i couldnt because i broke my arm :(
yup, always good. still, for idiosyncratic industrial self-mutilation, hard to top welders' ability to achieve corneal sunburn.
--smoking his cigarette. And we just started talking(: He's amazing, hope you're mom let's you!
IF YOU call the President a "THUG", you should not be allowed on the airwaves, media, newspapers, etc. IT'S CALLED RESPECT PEOPLE.
Thank you friend!!
It seems that moving lots of items to and from chests can cause the game to crash. Has happened 3 times now.
I was hangin out at Soho on 22nd and P St.
Hard work indeed pays off but, fuuuuck, it's *hard*
Doin it and doin it and doin it well
I said the same thing it was hard to follow, once the fight between samurai and army blood and swords it was worth 3 of 5 *s
Acting class tonight !!
no way. People are able to type +100 wpm on the iPad. Just takes practice! (we can help)
Ghostface! Catch the blast of a hype verse
yes ma'am.-BH
Just finished watching The Dvil Inside. It was kind of disapionting. :(
I could stalk you right now
"...things musicians do when they are just messing around." Great line i thought. Pretty great stuff, Jeremy!
In 1944 the Red Ball Express provided vital supplies to WWII Front Lines. 18,000 of 23,000 men where African American.
Clap clap
Loving hair!!! To get herfemme fatale look, take sections of hair and wrap around a 1/2 inch curling iron from root to ends:)
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
There is a strong correlation between marketing and
whateve I know what you were thinking and yo plans didn't come out as planned
April's featured $5 footlong of the month is Bacon Egg & Cheese! It's available ALL DAY :) Breakfast for dinner, anyone?
She cute but ha Brain Ugly..lol.
#Flyers game in an hour! Watching at the Wishing Well today if anyone is in South philly and wants to join.
"Oh my God, I ADORE Santa Barbara" - some guy
Kony 2012. Watch the video and spread the word!!
So glad we have a team. MT “: On days like this, I'm reminded of how pro-13 I am ... LEAVE 13 ALONE! #TeamTriskaidekaphilia”
Today, women from the Georgetown University Law Students for Reproductive Justice are speaking out in favor of Obama WH Contraception Rule.
Follow The hottest Blogger in the game!!!!
- I'm totes with you! night
MAD at this paper cut on my finger!!!!!!!
oops“BR Police Dept. has secured arrest warrants for #LSU QB Jordan Jefferson & LB Joshua Johns for felony 2nd degree battery”
3, 500 followers, we need more, tell a friend to follow us Star Camp Ent and we follow back
Hey guys! Looking to buy a case. I've emailed and called but get no response!
As Mayor I must necessarily follow every requirement and mandate of the law. I cannot do it alone. [1945]
people make me laugh!
He wlill be the next Jim Brown in Cleveland
Thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio!!
The men were shot down at sight, and there wasno avoiding being sighted
I can't imagine. My prayers for everyone. Is it as bad as galveston was after ike? I've never seen tornado damaged areas before
Finished writing Carole Smith profile (port pub school super) told producer dont want 10 min for it...just...4 min. We'll see......
Pretty picture. We live in a gorgeous city.
in Vegas turned up......
#RNG was AMAZING!!! They needa stay...
I'm so glad you like it. If you don't mind, pass the word to any and all you think might be interested.
Interesting. Re-inventing the way election campaigns are run
That's right! Patio dining in October!
Smiling like a fool seeing healy across the potomac. So happy to be back for a great weekend at
Wow! Congrats! Germany = legit.
Challenge now on analysis tools (combining datasets) not platform enhancement (M. Olson)
it was a great post and i found a few gems in there even though I am pretty familiar with SEO. great work!
In GA for SCAD softball camp till Wed.
i would say you are a lucky lady if you have a husband with a penis that big/long
hello i am in a cab in dowtown san fran! my taxi cab driver ruiles
when I'm sick I still go, it's hard but push through it.
I'd love to talk more in-depth to get a feel for how we can ease your email pain. "shorter" and "less" are our goals
#gettingitdone #itseasier #unnecessaryhashtags RT : good to see twitter is the new eBay
3A district baseball: Kelso 1, Hudson's Bay 0. Second game Tuesday postponed
I love you doe~ you're da best drummer ever c':
Aiden and I have already done a speech music C.d. and shoots and ladders.. now to put him on the bus. :)
I'm working now so I have an excuse!
Screw you guys.. I'm goin home
hahahaha this is so true! It's a vicious cycle that I love to partake in.
No chicken biscuits at McDonald's in Cleveland
haha thank ya sir!
Great Post Tami..
Congratulations to you and your family!
Damn, that sounds good...Enjoy!
RIGHT!?!? alsdjkao. they scare me sometimess. BUt i have short friends too tho.(:
you wont be dissapointed.stay tuned for open dates
We are always running for the thrill of it with
Feeling very creative... now which of my many ideas to I work on?
Blazers are giving this away right now. Stop the bleeding!
Another sunny day with highs in the low to mid 50's. Enjoy a beautiful January day!
yeah i don't think i'll be making it to chuckwagon's game tonight...
It's a lot of work but a lot of fun. I have great coworkers and the best beat I'm journalism!
YES FEEL FREE TO RETWEET DENVER GOLF EXPO .... ITS ALL THAT!!
yea so that means it all ready started like 2 hours ago
Too bad one of them is retired...
call me! Want to run our game by u and another idea I have simmering.
Rain rain go away!!!
Bought a new suitcase this weekend so I am ready to fly to #Seattle for #mlanet12!
the rangers have way more heart than the capitals. And do I know you? Why are you people randomly tweeting me? C ya
Homemade ginger beer and jamming out!
Interested in being a food vendor at our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park-Pgh? Info session TBA very soon.
Nehemiah 11,9: "Joel son of Zichri was overseer, and Judah son of Hassenuah was second over the city." I don't get it..
Kids got a bid
My team is looking forward to #OhBaby author, celebrity mommy and fashionista 's media afternoon w/
all I want to do is watch #Glee but I have so much other stuff to do...
feels like I just got spammed. *not amused*
hey good morning! What life choices? Are they Twitter friendly cuz cyberspace will find out of u mention them? LOL
The biggest barrier in most of our lives is...US! Give yourself the push needed to get out of your own way:) #Begin your healing journey!
I'm in Panamá (for less than an hour). On to Bogotá!
yup that's the only way. But I can't afford to park it here. And rentals are insane here. No good options.
some decorations for a party and also looking for nursery room decor ideas i love just wondering around
Good morning..... Todays the big day kicking October off with a Hawaiian luau!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 15
just followed me! :) thnx!!!!
you have to be kidding me that we have snow on the ground !! I guess the best thing would be to stop by boulder @ the wedge and warm up.
Blueberry Breakfast Cake for Attune Foods
I guess & don't play #hangingwithfriends anymore lol.
Dill pickles 4 lyfe. Bread and butter pickles are for the dogs.
I am Jared Askins and I am a twitter addict
RT : CD1 Female Delegates elected: Sen. Judy Eason-McIntyre, Elaine Dodd and #ODP2012 >> So Ms Barbara was elected!!
his friend Aric
New beer and music festival planned in aid of Cumbrian rescue team
Happy 37 months it's been real!!?
Hi John, thanks for the RT. Stay Safe!
Update: My appearance on the Jarrett Payton Show has been rescheduled for Friday July 29th.
Can you DM me your email address?
The Labor Department this morning releases the anxiously-awaited November jobs report.
I'm choosing the Minneapolis showing, thank you. Very much looking forward to the event.
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames In 'n' Out Funeral
he had 2 hot girls to hangout with and blew us off twice
Watching family jewels... not very good
thats sweet. Im pretty excited to see it lol
at Kalamazoo boys 16s and 18s tennis nationals, jr tennis has changed since I was playing.
seems legit.
Carry yourself as a slut, and you will be treated as such... carry yourself as a queen and you will be treated as such
Thanks! How are things? Long time no see
That is the of Regulation. 0-0 University of New Mexico. Overtime, golden goal, 10 min period.
At least you don't have to contend with being distantly related to the SOB. It's the pot calling the kettle black! Offline?
but w/my #adhd son we hav tried many things n nothing has even improved him now he is showing #ODD signs too. Trying new Dr n diet
KPTV AE here. Can we use your twitpic? Was he aboard the Lady Cecilia?
miss that place
Just bought this $10 Pizza Box.
A Walk-off grand slam by Nelson Cruz!!! First in post-season history! Gotta love the Texas #Rangers!
Get better soon, my injured Packers! , , ,
No doubt about what my afternoon work soundtrack will be
#ThatCampOSU Would someone plz tweet from the peer review session. Wish i cd be there...
+10 RT : RT : A5: Not to be trusted is a feeling of sadness and humiliation.
CONGRATS Babe!!!
Gonna dispute that "Gen C" is really a cohort and not just a mgmt consultant buzz word. Connected? Content? Who knows.
yeah but if you do that in Walmart people are going to think your crazy.
"the more you refuse to hear my voice, the louder I will sing...there's something inside so strong"
where from?
Writing and writing and writing....20 pages in one day!
#replacearcticmonkeyssongswithboner Crying Boner
Rameriz is starting to heat up for the brewers!
Follow my new page follow me! Now
Hey Dan, the next couple of questions are ready when you are.
So Harry admitting he is bi? Do we actually have any proof? Cause people love spreading rumors.
oh yeah? Let me know when to contact your peoples for some dates over here!
pinterest is helpful personally since I teach classes and list suggested gear there & fb
Half hr more...and im out this joint..
youre welcome(: sorry about your grandmother
Want more than just a gearhead trainer? Its about mobility, nutrition, spirit and faith - contact
Many people do not know but on some services or products we can do 6 months same as cash
Time for Serenity! :)
Family is where the heart is.
I was joking, but I guess you did mean fertile rather than prolific! Me, beyond it. Been there, raised that. :)
the only kind of people I'd ever be prejudice against are oompa loompas. these little dudes would drive me crazy I'd slaughter them all.
#OpenAir prostitution North of North and Charles
That awesome moment when your friend pulls lint our of her pocket and says "its snowing"!
I tell you. Sometimes I see why I remain _______
My cousin just went in my room & drew all over my Justin poster. WTF? OH HELL NAH SHIT ABOUT TO GO DOWN!
And what does SimpleMidiPad do? :)
My ma gonee say., "Gee., show me your winning smile." Then her eyes got huge.! Lmao. Idk., butt ii think that was a teethh jokee. ://.
Perfect weather so far this week
Flowers, candy, jewelry....been there done that. Give her something she'll love from Bath & Body Bisrto 110 Morningside NE (Nob Hill)
And what's the big deal with #Instragram?
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are take-in!!!!
what's cloud cover expected to be around 8pm?
It is always interesting to think of exact moment that changed your life.
fewest must be the
Vegas baby!
Awesome, thanks!
Pres. Obama: If we leave too soon, our gains could be lost, and al Qaeda could establish itself once more
Great so you didn't have to go to far to get help!! :) Have a good weekend !
Sounds good to me :-)
I'm not the milk and the milk's not me! Thank you
amazing win.
Utah State blew it. If they recover the onside kick the game is over.
6pm Untitled #40 (grounded) begins! We've got it all! Art, music, clay oven fired pizza, detours, and Too Much Fun.
Last two movies I watched...Chain Letter and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. I'm very cultured.
That's not attractive O_O
i TOLD YA...I molested my food
how often does it rain in Waiakea?
A truck drove hot rods thru my heart
why won't you follow me pls pls pls follow me did
I thought we were friends?
about to go kick some butt in pool :)
and should follow each other :)
Got eaten alive by #mosquitoes -inside- a theater in #Houston last night. A sign that they're officially out of control here.
Working on the video from last week's event. Hope to have some of the sessions available for you shortly! Any urgent requests?
is awesome in Silent Running and Support Your Local Sheriff.
Happy New Year, east coast friends!
Hopefully getting a new phone tonight or tomorrow. :)
singing out here. Yes we need ice cream and our girls izzy and kyra!
Oh that would be terrible. They finished before I even paid them or put down a deposit.
I am the same. I don't agree alot but I will watch or listen when I can.
Good talk from Mike Ardito on whole systems design check out Autodesk Sustainability Workshop videos
from you and me both...
Really impressed with "The Avengers". Well done, Joss Whedon.
Calling on all #Austin Dandies and Metrosexuals: Where is the best place to get a man's manicure?
I'm having Quick feelings again. Emailing you.
Another beautiful day in San Diego! Let us help you get into a home with a pool in time for summer. Call (858) 376-1299 today.
yes that would be awesome! :)
I've been old for a year now, and it's not so bad, except the part where you suddenly start to like eating oatmeal at Denny's.
my manz i got that shit :)
Wish me luck.
In Da lab with my ppl laying down sum trax they got sum gd ish in Da mix
I now want to both rewatch Battlestar Galactica and then recut it into a single season, as a film editing exercise. I think it could fit.
Lol that made my day<3
why did you make a 2nd twitter?
hey how are u ?
long day tomorrow, work from 6:30 am till 9 or 10 pm
my code is always like that...nothing like naming your functions "spawn" and "kill."
my best friend got suspended for 3 whole days! gunna be pretty lonely! good thing I have with me other wise my life would be over
he's an idiot. And I just woke up so I'm not gonna make it today.
as do i and i hope we will be great friends
New Hampshire won't let us down! The R3VOLUTION is growing!!!!!!
Its cold... I dont know whether to go with Pants or Skirt... I bet Master Chief never had these problems...
This. RT : From a general #sagrad perspective, I believe we need more information about how to negotiate job offers and benefits
lol ugh Im serious! But Im not giving in! Its the bottle lol
Federal workers delaying retirement in hopes of buyout sweeteners
Headache, lost contact, upset stomach..just go to the ladies' room and never return.
Granger didn't show up in this game...neither did Paul George..
she has a stupid face. I like your face better. I wanna wake up to your smile errday
I did a very bad thing today...
Sad that I will not be able to listen to you two break down the awesomeness of the cheechoo train on puckdaddy radio
I feel I should buy something in celebration :)
Tune into President Obama's back to school speech at nbclearn.com!
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Oh ya the cat print.. I am going to paint a cat on it and keep the prints in the gesso, finish what the cat started...it will be cool!
Is anyone watching The Masters?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Derrick Ayler JR ⁰Rising 6th ⁰Tacoma, WA ⁰Travel Team: NW Panthers ⁰Shooting Guard 4’8
“: BIEBER!!! ” no longer follows you.
i like you :)
Don't usually give out these props, but Wolverines like know their recruits.
Middleton takes a 2-1 lead in the fourth on two walks, a sacrifive bunt, sacrifice fly and a balk but no hits.
You all are too sweet! Love you both!
Realize all the "bandwagon fan" talk annoyed the hell outta everyone this past season, but I have this thought...
we hear ya!
Out at Unity Hospital tonight for an open to the public discussion about the dangers of Synthetic Drugs
Rented This is It! Great movie... Why? Why?!
poor buddy :( Are you back home?
Damn good time catching up with , , , #techcocktail. Roy did you win the tablet?
#dietribes #dtl2011 learning metaphor of flood vs drip irrigation:)
Next level is 600-1200 with 200 blinds. They skipped 500-1000 for some reason. About 85 left. Need some help but hanging in
": Starting the gym next week!! Out of shape and summer around the corner #muscleheadtweet" I say this everyday lmfao
lmao. We only have like 2 weeks left . DEAL W IT
Agnes scott flash mob
Si. Once I get in barbarian mode, it takes a week or so to get out of it.
wet hot american summer...so many great/funny actors in this gem.
's HTML5 reader #automagically puts PDF's online for Highlighting, annotating, commenting and sharing...
I think you should follow your biggest ICONiac, which would be me (:
There is a new food truck on the scene! ! All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
Trinity mills and marsh lane
i love your hair (:
Wade is the best shot blocking guard of all time
its good
Darn, I should've waited to take it with y'all.
Long nail and work! Don't fucking work!
is definitely sold on going and is stoked to see Jones and By August for their september shows at 9:30 club
#doNOTbother talking to me if u dislike Ariana Grande cuz u will get slapped :)
k Im try get on my computer put up a pic of him
m chocolate!
Shouldn't we all support Greenbay, even if it's just on principal?
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
yeah I will never understand why people think they can do this crap. If true they should be locked up. Opportunities thrown away
Can we start some chatter about Rondo being expendable? Just to get him ready for game 3.
Tomorrow better hurry. ♥
viva la at
Thanks. I'm excited to get to travel soon. Going to NC Mountains for a few days with the kids. Always nice to get away.
Nice! We'll have another one once the building is done, and then one inside for #STAMPEDE! Get excited. :]
Guitar bands
You rock girl!! Your hair IS actual fire!!
sometimes in April is better and much more moving. Ask mom about it
omg but i hate you so much
Things that make me feel better - Jeff Whithey is an AWFUL interview.
My trail mix =
meh... Yankees = the Bad News Bears when Garcia starts.
JobHunters: Keep finding sources that inspire U. Mentors, Network Connections, Family/Friends, Online Resources. Keep Connecting!
In other NSFW news, have you listened to ? I am obsessed with "212." I can't stop listening.
Hey buddy. How are things going?
Drunken #Twins rant this weekend. It was bound to happen.
"You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers"
“Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.” -JESUS CHRIST
Do you think the #Seahawks go after #MattFlynn??
In the early morning hours of March 29, 1984, The Colts broke our hearts.
trust me you will never get the answers they will just defer you to other ppl I swear
Haha! Mine too! I loved her!!
#chicultural2012 Lord presented a dynamic plan that was forward thinking and included Chicagoans.
I'm so tired zzzzzzzx
Service changes are only 5 days away. If you have questions about planning your routes after the change you can call 414-937-0460 6AM to 6PM
These tacos are going to be bangin'!
Listening to my daughter watch old #Muppets episodes on DVD. I miss Jim Henson.
We're glad you like the proofs.
WHY?! you shoulda come out with me
I'm in like with again. I'm was able to explain some code to a client while commuting.
Feels wonderful after a day at the gym:)
The line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
what ever
Dippin dots are so good
Props to for the video and sound!
I think I'd do better on my own, no friends, no fights, just me alone. -
Is it cocktail time yet?
Mega merger Sweet deal Dcs Hughes Gm underwrite sky rockets sattelite division Virginia Commomwealth Chess game Pascal
totally i bet she wont make out with u ;)
TASTY!! RT : I knew it. RT : Now I'm playing Lil B "Ima Eat Her Ass" smh
I'm at a two year old's bday party. Here 10 minutes, already have a massive head ache.
you should be here. Very interesting.
was here before
ikr i do feel like such a loner with this new twitter.
stupid I am be quit before I get dashaun to dunk on u again
I laugh at people who drink but hate on weed lol. You'll die first
that's so sad.
Do you ?
Feeling a little embarrassed/ashamed/ECSTATIC at how excited I am for Emily's season of to start tonight!
thanks, guys! Just follow
Dirty hit by WorldPeace on Harden
Congrats to the State of Ohio and nearly 30,000 jobs created beating Texas!
who are this chick and the Jack White lookin dude?
Shame, a molecular gastronomy lunch would have been good.
Thanks for the follow!
Woops meant "Velvet Elvis"
Eggs and American cheese! It's like being 12 again :)
I'm a believer that seeing your name & comment, adding a new thought, is satisfaction...at least for most.
#UnderTheMistletoe I can't wait!!!!!!
I guess I don't look like someone who plays Assassins Creed. Or Mass Effect. :)
Finish it off with them moving to a new building for their third year! As in a new network with something other then reality crap.
hey... who's Alexis?! I'm so confused!
Im GOD Mf
how you tell your audience story is very significant. #GBCA BROWNBAG
so are we! now if it would only stop raining. Stop through our open house Sunday if you aren't busy :)
Watching pirates non 3d
Ha some people crack me up :)
Found my Sandlot...
Q3: Union/guild needed even more today with proliferation of freelancers. Think Writers Guild, Screen Actors Guild, etc.
Bored af -.- someone tweet me :)
LOL 's mentions are possibly worse than that dude for the 49ers who dropped that kickoff last year.
Let's see what the big idea is all about .
crackin' down on PDA in the hallway today. >>>>
"have the honor" to ?
I want to go dress shopping :(
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day! Hope you are all enjoying the day with your families.
She says to make sure it's not hyphenated when using it to describe rude airline travelers.
I'm sick and tired of pretending, darling, that you'll ever come back.
I haven't gone anywhere.
Couldn't have had a better week in New Jersey but I'm ready to drive across the state back to Pittsburgh
you are working overtime....
Wow really you are going to Kentucky your so fucking gay not even going to hang with me? Just leave. Gosh.
fans knw u wulda been out there we pray u retire here 2 we luv ya 2 man thnx for all ur hard work on & off field GO BROWNS!
Sage advice from a man at a bus stop: "There's no limit to the darkness of a woman's heart."
Special dinner last night (of many over the years) Just keeps getting better with age. Crazy good in every way.
Cheers for the well wishes - it's been a pleasure working w/ you mate!
whatever! I can tackle that one myself! I am doing P90X for the 2nd time after all! ;-)
it was royt then that i knew that wed be rich fuhevahh
well Hi Greg xD
BTW, I accompanied an audition for Stephen Schwartz, and did some recording w/Ann Hampton Calloway (Liz's sister).
Bad grammar is an epidemic. LOL
Thanks so much for the follow! Happy Holidays!
Thanks for connecting. :)
hey iwas nice today !!!
I included it! Thanks for that! Those are freaking awesome and your name is now mentioned!
Thanks for the shout out and for coming out tonight!
yay!! I was worried you weren't going to be able to get any. Are you so excited???
You know it. #TebowTimeAllTheTime RT Of course there would be some Tebow on SNL with Eli...
i wonder if still DM's his fans aha i guess i will never know :3 <3
Sarabande's email is down. DM us if you need us.
do you like tangerine ice-cream?(:
Off them take hurt in walk you shoes the if.
You just worked your way into our conversation....
Love #homeland. Nice win.
yea,i see it ..nice to meet u too :) .im glad ur nice girl :)
Many producers enjoy digging though crates of albums. I tend to enjoy digging through crates of comices from the 60s to the 80s.
S/o to my bro . That follow button... Click it
RT even with all the perfect victimhood, his momma gotta practically apologize for having her baby killed so no one thinks she's "angry"
Headed home
your what was itching earlier?
": Im prolly not gnna sleep...shrugs*"
Favorite films of the year: Moneyball, War Horse, Tree of Life... there's more than a few I still need to see though
Thanks homie...you keep spreading inspiration to the fakers. Life is real so we got to be real even when we act fake.
I'm on my way to Fiore now!
We must never confuse elegance with snobbery
omg finally
Give Jason another reason to drink Mich Ultra? He is already on 5 beer league softball teams...
50k pounds of beer were spilled this morning in Eden Prairie, just shy of how much is spilled on the floor of William's any given night...
Last day field of greens is open for the semester..
NHL Predators: Belak found dead in Toronto www.tsn.ca
I hate it when the spin instructor sings along with the music into the mic. You can't rap like Kanye,
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Used all my energy over the weekend, wish I could just sit in the sun and recouperate today
And the countdown begins, 9 hours ...
What's the play about?
Thanks. Haven't heard of them. Are you available for an interview about that & pricing/discounting tix?
Researching more festivals to submit to and picking out the best takes from Michael's Match.
You so funny!
lol, That is a better way to look at it.
Zayn Malik is ridiculous and I can't handle his face anymore. I quit.
After you add cream and sugar, consider why and how coffee has become a cultural beverage. Enjoy and remember it's Arts & Humanities Month!
I gotta admit, what we have is beautiful.
Heath Ceramics: buy a piece of Julie Cristello + Heath jewelry at a Heath store; Mention to sales and they will donate 25% to Japan
welcome too vegas thanks 4 follow much love
Awesome show last, had the place swangin, almost got arrested by Malibu's finest, pretty successful lil show.
maybe i'm just a girl on a mission, but i'm ready to fly.
Home Sweet Home ;)
I lost my pen! I'm falling behind the webinar with
Still believe!(:
#ThingsThatINeed tickets to #OneDirection so I can see those gorgeous amazing guys sing!:D And to see them of course!;) Love their music!!:)
Thanks for all the RTs!
#isastc live life like an anaerobic workout stress followed by rest
:/ oh no, are you sick?
Thanks for your tweets from 's "Millennials Mean Business" presentation at !
We ended the show yesterday with Kenny logins this is it! We will start the show with the same.proud doesn't do it
Chester just bet $2000 on in the Weight Loss Competition.
#WeWontWork if you treat your mom bad, if you can't treat the woman who brought you in this world right
Listening to Everclear Father of Mine. How old am I? Shit.
Who knew you could get malaria from a ham sandwich...
cause i dont have picture mail you dillhole.
none of the above. I'm a very logical person.
How did the fiancée not notice an extra 20k for the car?
I'm really interested in meeting the guy who owns no-thing.
SENT! cant belive i aint send em, they been done for like 2 weeks lol
sounds like evidence of fun times. Sorry I didn't make it out to celebrate, happy birthday!
watching Orlando's own radio host Jayde from XL 1067 on Regis this morning! Go Jayde!
Sometimes I can't get enough & other times I get more than enough...
I want you to know that life is worth living when you find value in yourself...
Best line of the day from the media center, the Super Bowl is a circus and a zoo.
its wonderful to see communities in UAE learning about diabetes. Voice of Diabetes knows the importance of informing others.
Gig at Monterey EVCL was fun, great audience and great place with cool, funky vibe. On to more Telepaths shows!
can I use a verizon phone on page plus?
Time for takeoff!
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. -Eric Hoffer
Its Saturday.....time to eat!!! Come check us out we are giving away a free dessert with every dinner red velvet, oreo, german choc, oowweee
. gave me M. Jordan cards 4 engagement gift. Other friends got my dog basketball bib & jersey. What does this say abt me
Happy May!
Credit to for hinting today at the Cubs ruining Axford's saves streak.
I just wanna fuck!
That's great news!
These fouls being called on MSU are so ridiculous!!
Go STEELERS!
any suggestions for dog breeds i should be looking at?
Yay for PD? I think? : 80-85% of the english literature common core standards are in the public domain. -
haha basketball's my life man:)
wake up :p
Let's play a twitter game to beat the monotony of Monday. You can't travel in Alaska without ______? (fill in the blank)
Recruiting for a #Research #Librarian in #NYC with 3 yrs corporate research and reference experience. Great salary! Inquire at 202-261-7200!
Rated Sex segment coming up soon...
Sponsors Here I come!
Longwood boy draws winning Google doodle
Great set , though apparently Wicked is in town.
RT Diet an exercise time!
RT Technology is lending a whole new meaning to "steal your face right offa your head."
THANK YOU EVERYBODY FOR FOLLOWING STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.....BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR THE STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT MOVEMENT COMING...
Listening to talk about climate change- We're good at innovating but not at political will to make needed change
Got a set of lower level Saints season tickets for sale. Rights not included. MSG me for details
Pirates like to party. Yup.
uugghh my body hurt!
Headed to 's house to celebrate my gorgeous nieces' 4th birthday! 😄🎂🎁
can you help me spread the word about #levilowrey? I'd love a RT if possible =)
"He is happiest who gives ALL to God." -
Where? The last one has 420 buds going to Ron Roberts.
Conrad Farner, superintendent of Greenfield School District, now speaking during annual meeting.
Blah blah blah blah blah thats how I feel about you right now!
I've been jonesin' for a smartphone. Is it time to be perpetually connected?
In tomorrow's article, I bash Luke Hochevar. That's not the main subject of course, but that should get you entertained, no?
If Prince William and Kate Middleton ordered their wedding cake from Just Desserts, what kind of cake do you think they would they order?
Listen to "Clarity" today. You're welcome.
LSAC has books of actual past tests; I used one and it helped a lot. also used a Princeton Review book & it was pretty good.
I did. I really did.
Holy Moly. That could have been worse.
Mistletoe is #10 on oriels and it's only been out for like an hour!!!
am i like the only one who is so freakin anxious for the 2nd meet & greet pictures to go on austins Facebook?! CANT CONTAIN MYSELF
Going back to my home country #Germany next month! I can't wait.I miss home soo much
Kerry Wood must be retiring soon. Maybe this is the "big news" that's been hinted recently.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.-Mark Twain
Sum1 need to take out hibbert like he took out bosh
Looking forward to seeing how the Social Suite will work in Being able to start tracking social interaction is interesting.
Gonna be working about 60-70 hours a week this summer and only getting paid for 30. It'll pay off down the line though
look ma no hands
birth control make me phat I only have sex with one person n we both had our check up together b4we have unprotected sex
actually its really boring, and I hate the fact that im never gonna meet the ICONic boyz :(
Jesus: I lost so much blood that I vomited and was so dizzy that when I began My ascent to Calvary I could not hold the cross.
John Adams (Martin Agency) asks about process behind strategic decisions.
In theory, no. This might be a fun summer project.
Congrats to for stepping it up & beating the Coyotes in Phoenix last night. Next home game's gonna be for #Hossa! Go #Hawks!
TAT THAT NAME NEW!!! BY I AM CITI BOI - Tat my name on you" on YouTube...
A little taste of the fire makes you appreciate those who stand in it and just take the heat.
I feel tormented.
Single and don't care about mingling? Head over to just down the street from us for great Tequila Tuesday specials
Lmao...I did that one for you:-)
Just got a hug and kiss on the cheek from mimi at the salon... I now have a warm fuzzy feeling inside...
if your life revolves around a gang your fav rapper made, you lame
Interesting to see #semantic #network of #Islamic #jihad web sites reacting to #Obama speech in Egypt in June.
Yes, but only in school, I wanted it to stand out. Thanks
Front Loops. You've stuck with me since the beginning. I appreciate you.
BIEBER And hells ya 😏 any one of the One Direction boys will work.
I need this stuff!
So wild, my final 4 team goes down in round 1 and I'm happy as a clam
I have just haven't tweeted
Give THAT good brine ..U a Swear She SHE STILL N COLLEGE
Can it be possible? The best batch of #ChickenNoodleSoup is hot off the stove and ready to be delivered! If your in the #Chicago area - Call
i need 2 b high rite now
Google wins the machine translation game by data mining websites
fan fr philippines here,,,say hello too pls....
Brava! Nothing quite like hearing a stellar Vissi d'arte sung while lying down
no I am. Crazy work week
I am hvn a great day. I had great food, great conversation, and I'm reading a great book.
Heading to the studio in one hour. Gonna be fun as fuck.
I'm on Twitter !
hello to a fellow Okie! I'm from Healdton, but moved to Milwaukee a few years ago.
Hey Mister - miss may I <3
Night Boat. :-)
great. Tweets from my phone don't seem to make it sometimes.
shouldn't you be doing something for your mom?
if I had a twin..#wrap lol
wait! you are pregnant?!?! congratulations! (and a girl!? I'm so jealous!)
People. It's no longer considered an "emergency" if your symptoms have persisted, with no change, for over a month. C'mon now...
I hope to meet some of you! And , thanks for the link! I couldn't find the conference schedule before!
my bby turns 16 in 6 days. here come the tears.
Look out new Bowl Records go baylor beat washington The Razorbacks are going to own Ksu WOO PIG SOOIE!!
2night come out 2 BROADWAY BAR. Dj Mystik video mixing & Peter Blue hosting the party. 21& up welcome. No Cover!!! -BG Ent- TEXAS TOYZ-
": 61' Second yellow issued to Paladini for the soft red." Oh Chicago gets a red in the reserve match.
S/O to middleton Lax!!! Guys did their thing last night and no doubt the girls are gonna wreck in lafollete and verona tonight!
Not just yet-still on hold :( : is Jay hooking you up? LOL
haha at first I couldn't figure out what it meant but then thought of you when I did of course!
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm quick to cutting people off.
We're exciting about the addition of our children's department. Finally!
Jose. Henny was last week lol
Couldn't get Redis to build under Cygwin, but builds and runs just fine on my MacBook Pro. All's right with the universe again.
Heading out for lunch before tying the knot
is the best ! <3
Adventures walking around downtown Xi'an at midnight and getting locked out of the underpass
Cell phone sizes: 1995-concrete block 2005-key chain 2012-thin concrete block
Thanks for a great session in Austin!
I have never heard of that nor have I seen that but no hurt in giving it a try (;
was delicious. Not as amazing as it has been in the past though
coolest thing I've seen so far from is the UA interface with built in DSP. That is just too cool.
a fucking spider was just crawling on my bed. I'M FUCKING DONE! STAYING AWAKE!
that fact that Santorum was even CONSIDERED as a choice for presidency is almost as scary as this zit i have on the inside of my nose
Did the neighbor kids open a lemonade stand? That's among the
Texas Tech is shooting 28% from the field.
i will, but later sweetie.. Im at school right now :/ i can't.. So sorry!
want to study Gilels again! so many lessons for today! showy virtuosity of today's famous leaves music out! Gilels is just music and poetry!
not much is new with me,what about you,what's new?
Hahahahaha watching all those videos and dying
"pity the back seat!"
A really great means to achieve operating capital to handle your business functions and facilities is AR factoring
i believe it is a Blackberry only promotion
you guys never fails to amaze.
That moment when your dog wants out of your room, but you and your dog know that you're not getting up.. Sorry pup.
if you learned to tweet, you can unlearn the double space! Haha. ()
what phone call? o;
Kinda felt like punched me in the chest today Ok--pity party over today, thank u God 4 letting me grope in dark
Finally tomorrow is Friday
anybody stayin' in tonight?
lol i just saw your Blue Reactor tweet. Umm yea. fo sho.
We are great! How about you? ": : thank you mate! :) how's your day ?"
Have a good race!
If you pick the all the award winners, do you get an award? Great turnout tonight
not paying attention
“ « Mother Nature is a bitch. I should beat her ass!»”
I get a kick out of websites that only work with IE.
"You cannot solve for the marriage of opposites, their fit, their match, their endlessness." A. Van Jordan "Richard P. Feynman Lecture..."
Back to the summer weather this week!
I've texted more this month than i have in awhile
I don't have time for this. What's the net-net, internet?
Good morning to all. Positive thoughts bring positive actions. Today will be a productive day.
I always go to sleep to Seinfeld and The Office. Planet Earth sounds kind of trippy to sleep to
This dude just asked to buy the ipad for $50... Smh. Black folks.
Great games for kids from British museums: show.me.uk. I recommend this site to parents and teachers. Games range from silly to serious.
tellin' us "you know a lot of ppl who want to get involved" says what? You've been to AK, KS and even Afghan why not #Detroit?
what the fuck! That ain't right. Pink has no orange undertones in it! Da fuq is happening WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO US PINK WHY
What do you want future to look like? How will #CRM get us there? Processes should guide biz & tech solution, not the other way around.
The new Andrew Bird album is making #grading far more bearable
#NW Mad Money Y'all better learn.
I should have known you'd pull out the PJ socks!
word it's been forever bro just been chillen
Two more days of school. They're gonna be such a joke, but TWO MORE DAYS !
what'd you think of Planet B-boy
Almost forgot. One beefsteak tomato from a trusted farm. Spinach-cheve omelettes and sweet potato home fries for lunch! Who want to join us?
I think using #MikeRowe for #Ford commercials is genius. Are they still making new episodes of #DirtyJobs?
GTL time! Well minus the T and L haha.
Pull video feed bus 19 #2262 to #PDX explainwhy white male glasses green-tee using mentally disabled boy & riders 2stalk @
Exciting news coming soon!
It's better to have student-centered learning than to have teacher-centered learning-Isaacs
Do you like smelling good? Thank a #beef cow! Deodorants, shaving creams, soaps, creams and lotions are all partially made from cattle!
Why are you yelling at Kassem? Lol
if you are talking about police report we filed because we were threatened by a protester, then yes. I have kids. I am not ok w/
Hey everyone, we'll be on tonight at 6pm! Make sure you tune in. tweet your questions to: !
cool. I'll pick it up later. Thnx!
are you being serious?
Will you follow me? :D
Ishikawa didn't get the Helton call on that one.
He was always copying Don Cornelius
Everybody but us can do the coin money.
Time to play some Halo Reach before I go out :D
lol! what's the funniest response siri has given you so far?
touche my friend, touche...don't give me shit in the #AM if I'm sluggish
I think is calling my name.
We would never say we are the best bar in the business...but you would. Winner "Best Bar 2010-2011" ;P
LOL it actually didn't, hence my hesitation to come out of the room to show anyone.
why not
great to meet you too!
realized that drunk sarah is no fun anymore which means no more drinking for me! FML
Headphones In & I'm Dead To The World!
What to do?
LOL, I found my next one it seems.
Leading a journalism session at 11 on digging deep using social media. Any tools/tricks you use I might have missed?
I swear to god I just picked an eye booger the size of a golf ball off my dog. The shedding bastard owes me one.
2 wins...maybe. A big maybe.
Heading 2 the studio to record.
7 AM practice today and soccer game
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER! // RT : "Hey Irish people, your music fucking sucks" ~ Everybody in the world
im so close to 360 followers! (: 2 more ppl please? a shout out for shout out!(:
Back home again in Indiana...of course, it's only Terre Haute...
nice glasses girl what brand are they?
We know it's 4.20 tomorrow now you may Stfu
What?? RT ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU SPEAK IT?
Obama Invokes Republican Icons While Painting Mitt Romney As Extreme
If you check the Annenberg YouTube page in about a week, a video of the talk will be posted there
Justin bieber's new song sucks.... His voice doesn't sound good anymore ...
You were very fun, asked good questions, and we had a great time with your class. Hope the rest of your semester is fantastic!
My Mom Embarrassed Me In Front Of my Cuzins! I'm Like Hiding Now :(
<333 someone who I don't think I've ever explicitly told about my pronouns used "they" in reference to me in an email to a bunch of folks.
it's better for the players, but worse for everything else!
dude add me! I'll show you a beast !!!
Oh I'm so glad you want to push paperless billing.But I've already got it. So, uh, not your target customer with that email.
Love the new Social media page! It's great to put a face to a name to an abbreviation and "voice" on the web.
I am waiting patiently! :)
no problem brtha. I see y'all an hope the best forreal. An maybe the stars will aline us an our music one day untill then.
I have a son..I pray God grants him a long prosperous life. The injustice with the racist murder of #Trayvon Martin sickens me
did any of the #Arinators feel the earthquake about 2 hours ago in NewYork?
U SET HEAD TO A BROWN BOY U SKET OMG
It's Bout Day! YAY! Come see the Rats and the Honeys tear it up at the RICC tonight! Doors at 6, Bout at 7. $13 at the door, kids are less!
FOLLOW ME TMONEY????? Please
but we get votes! So we can help. :)
what up cookie
Keep Bard at #5, skip starts to help pen when schedule dictates. Move him to pen mid-May when Dice-K returns, if necessary.
#Sunday = getting #life together day! Laundry, cleaning, #brunch, a little #work and some
Celebrate National Chip & Dip Day (self-explanatory) & Near Miss Day, the day an asteroid missed hitting us by 500,000 miles in 1989.
Bah. Congratudolences. “: Out fifth in pretty dull and uneventful fashion.
Feeling good feeling great.. Feeling great feeling good... How are you??
My housemate's cat LOVES Wiki. He wants to hang out with her all the time and has started cuddling up next to her on purpose.
On the way out the door. Realized my shoulder smells vaguely like pee. Still on my way out the door. Feel free to judge me. I judged me.
When did join ? Awesome! But I must have been asleep.
Can't sleep :/
lol I just heard! That's awesome congrats!
Just drove past the Creation and Earth History Museum in Santee. Line out the door.
#IfIwasPresident I would be the first Mexican president ever
Detroiters! We're setting up a screening with the free press for next month! WIll open in Detroit in September! Thanks for being patient!
Boss said I did a pretty good job yesterday. We had over 120 issues in the log. I closed out more than half. Hadn't realized how many I did.
JLO Latin Artist of the Year hum.... was voting for either Enrique or Pitbull...
i cant believe i only just started liking lydia wtf is wrong with me
It's raining
Supervisor Rooker says he supports equalized tax rate because it will restore funding to capital projects that have been deferred
ok so again, the wrench seems to be too big? Get a smaller wrench ? Is this a plumbing emergency?
Yay! Fox's pizza for dinner xD
grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective &demonstrative
If the beginning was beautiful, it's called expectation. If it's beautiful until the end, it's determination.
Won't be going there for at least another 2 years, but a follow and shout-out to anyway. They're my original 'home field!'
Do you know how Indians speak?I laugh everytime when they speak.
because he`s a team player james is just a ball hog who chokes in the playoffs
Thanks for nummy oatmeal as I got off the DC metro today.
Hot cheetos are addicting.
The high today ppl is 89.........perfect pool weather....
see you soon :) bring all the money in the world
On my way to gamestop to preorder Street fighter X Tekken
Weird, but amazing day♡ Goodnight!!
40 students registered for Marvelous Math Mondays - math enrichment camp!
u better dm me back ;(
RT : Pinch-hit single by Joe Becker and the 'Topes are on top for the first time 4-3! B-7
Tag Match
I can't believe it either! She whistled "Zippity Do Da" out her ass hole and it sounded amazing!
♬ Happy Birthday to Gordon Stoker from Elvis backing group "The Jordanaires" Have a wonderful day Gordon ♬
SEE CHANGE is around the corner! We're in need of volunteers to help the week of the 21st. If you're available, please let us know!
yea but my mom is taking me
Let me know how it goes. I've got the model/acting class until 7p.
It's actually funny I didn't think you'd reply.
He looks so tiny
"If you complain, you're going to remain but if you praise, you'll be raised!" - Pastor Joel Osteen
2 solid documentary choices on Sunday... 's "The Announcement" by & 's "Duke '91 & '92" on
He's all i need but its sad that he dont show me the same. he's too busy getting count up with twitter and facebook hoes! SMFH
Ditto “: Haha the bus leaves.....Wouldn't be so depressing if I hadn't been standing at the bus door as it pulled away...”
OF COURSE!
#spurs suck! Plain and simple.
Youtube needs the spinnybarhs gmail account to sign in. Who has that access?
Vegan Super Powers... that's funny as s#!t
Thank you for letting me recharge my phone while I visited!
If she is walking down the street in her heels on a Saturday at 8am, she prolly just got kicked out
Specialty cupcake - Vanilla Snowball: Vanilla cake topped with choice of vanilla buttercream or chocolate buttercream. M!
And smoky. I guess I'm not in Cali anymore.
LitFuse - had a blast with all of our friends at the Seattle Sounders FC opening game last night! 3-0!
Reading the first issue of the new Fantastic - reminds me of Radical America. Rob Horning's piece alone is worth the price.
I'm with you. Gonna check on my run to TJ tomorrow. If not, maybe one of their "house" brews.
love indeed to Johanna .... I want to "write in the extensible field"
Just went to Freddies; thought buying only wine at this hour would look bad. Then I remembered.... it's Easter so...
...because... your kilt is at the cleaners?
A wise old owl sat upon an oak The more he saw the less he spoke The less he spoke the more he heard Why aren't we like that wis
Love it!
Shorty go hard concrete! She can make it clap one cheek, two cheeks, both cheeks, both cheeks!
. is super friendly and helpful on IRC and is great steward of
Gov. Scott Walker says state headed in the right direction, despite new report showing $143M budget shortfall.
RT : SmScreen: Are you one of the few who don't wonder where "squeal like a pig" is from? Then watch DELIVERANCE tonight on
Dominos pasta bowl
I'm starving like an
Demings principle that allows any employee to make decisions about quality is called Empowerment.~D
I have been on Megabus. I also have to find someone to go with me. I only have one Yankees friend and we already planned
we, is one of the grantees that changed their project. #infoneeds thanks to the help of &
just came on my Pandora ;) that made me happy
Thanks for Playing #GuessAnumber! Good luck!
eating squatch food -pumpkins (pie) watermelon donuts bacon n beer all known to lube vocal chords.
Mitt Romney did create thousands of new jobs with Bain Capital. But those jobs were in China.
Thanks, Niall. Always fantstic to get your insights on #chat2lrn. Thanks so much!
Stepping on the toes in UFC...lame
Shiller global conventional wisdom: every young person invest ALL their money in ONE house in ONE place
We're celebrating 's awesome YA Prom antho with a Twitter party in T-minus zero seconds. Join!
-____- u never call me anymore asshole
Just changed my twitter name from to because I feel like I need more hometown twitter buds lol
I'm pretty sure anytime any one of them appeared on screen Lauren whispered, "Yum."
feeding the alligators in fowl river
somewhere around here, but I won't be able to get it tonight. It's probably on some external hard drive in the basement.
In the studio w/ ! Great songwriter!
awesome thanks.
Sad Ik dude salty
VINCENT TORRES<3
Scary thought! : "Hypothesis: The more progressives laugh at a candidate, the more likely that candidate is to get elected."
Hmm... Soapstone Bathtub....Yea I can make that!
ON a different note...glad to save the money on sunday ticket this year
good lord... lol!
ok I will try again later~
Wow tonight has been cray cray at work. I now know that people that go to Drake concerts are stupid.
yea kinda. But can u put a pic up plz
Afternoon lovelies! Why is Mittens on my teevee? I hope you're all well.
Scaffolding Collapses Injuring Construction Worker - KGTV San Diego
don't sell yourself short tits.
Hooked on this reggae right now.
i really wish you knew...
We throwing slugs? And we don't follow each other? Tf?
I gotta stop retweeting.
does he sleep with the tv on or something?
stay safe you guys. You really made a difference today carrying the story.
Locator graphic for Lefthand Canyon fire is wrong - shows Boulder Canyon
I really want a milkshake <3
y u retwet mi
i told you guys before. heavy on the folk in the colder months and electronic for my summer ears.
I love being a bitch with
gymnastics soon ,
#moviesilove the hangover! How do you top the "what do tigers dream of" song and Mike Tyson dancing to Phil Collins? Paging Dr. Faggot!
Yep. Looking forward to it.
you are beautiful :) ps: can i have your eyebrows?
Steak for dinner!<333
Happy Tuesday! Thinking about lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef lunch special for only $8.50. Perfect meal to warm you up on a cold day!
Agreed. Her argument fell a tad flat.
My friend just told me i have a sick flow. LOLOLOL im dying right now.
Dick Clark Yesterday. Levon Helms today. Sad week for the music world.
Just smile and let the world wonder why~
doing a lightning talk on the Koha IRC channel (which is called #koha, not #kohails)
Love today's Self Check!
Fa Kin Pah
#prsun - Please no spamming. Thank you.
We are too!! We're snacking the morning away on #popchips. Our favorite is the chili lime!
RT : Y'all are tough #outofhandgame That's the way you like it!
yes, you.
not being mean i hate my pizza for now.
He is the GREATEST!
hello mr. krinkle
Yes, that's the main reason I love Comcast. Their On Demand options can't be beat. Even if the damn DVR remote always sticks.
"Are those tights that look like jeans?" - Shine Louise Houston discovers "Jeggings". May 12th, 2012
Download "THE UNDERSTATEMENT" Mixtape By Felo (Felony) You know its fire if I stop promoting my own Video 2 promote his
that was Quinn! WTF??
Ironic how LeGarrette Blount, who threw a punch at Boise ST player, now has to share carries w/ BSU running back. God = funny sense of humor
"Who else could be friends with the Dalai Lama and also produce Bad Brains?" - YYYs on MCA
September model shoots are booked. Now booking October. Contact me soon at www.brandonphotos.com.
rightt? lol RT If u don't reach for your phone once while I'm talking to you, you're way too into me
Barbara Streisand looks amazing. Holy crap.
People ask me: "How do you get 9,000 volunteers?!" My advice is... Never underestimate the value of a T-shirt... - Fred Lebow
If you weren't there for me when I had NOTHING, don't try to be there for me when I have EVERYTHING.
well this is awkward
Road shotgun in old truck. Ran out of gas on dirt road. We walked a mile for bikes, rode them into cowtown for gas, biked back to truck. :)
I can't see any names
It's not always easy to keep your faith during trials and tribulations. Do it regardless of how things look or the way people treat you.
"He came, He lived, He died, He rose....This this this this is, this is Gospel of Jesus Christ"
Turns out my friend's brother is an EDM consultant for the likes of Pioneer and Loomis. Fintech is truly a small world....
hahah yes!! :) i love it here because cody always comes here :')
@ hyacynthw be on the lookout for Marta , just noticed you are both at #bbsummit11 you have some common ground
Let's just say it starts NOW. RT : I predict a social technology movement will follow the creative technology movement.
You are quite welcome Allie. Great to meet you!
Anyone have a good experience with stub hub?
Im doing alright! How are you??
Thx for the RT! Have a great day!
haha oh yes ! I'll be darker than you before you can said Cherokee Indians ! Lmao (:
Thanks for the free info RT ": it's awsome i got a awsome prize at "
died out. everybody left. then he gave me the channel. i tried to bring it back, did for a bit but then it didnt go anywhere
Wow I had justin bieber on twice on one of my last tweets smh
Trying out Eric at wireaudiorepair.com for an amp fix. Seems like a really good guy!
Attending the Sloan-C Research Symposium
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to. Carl Sandburg
Gorged myself on tapas and cava with my fam after graduation. ;) M...
me too
One design challenge (for anyone) with subject lists of DBs: how best to spotlight core/most useful DBs.
Ha! Moonstruck is (maybe oddly) my favorite movie.
normally I'd think about it....but after this nonsense, Idt I'll do it.
+ he met, he remembers you! and you had a chance to meet him, there are a lot of mahomie from another countries, like me +
OH: Its a race condition, I have to race home! /cc
NEU is D1. Still a whooping.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
RIGHT? I wanted to touch my computer screen...to make like I was touching him. LOL. I sound like a fckn freak.
I didn't say I was one of them!! I wasn't real excited to come for this!
i know! i only go walking with my dog i dont see the point without him it seems stupid!xx
You're a hero.
#sacscoc Getting better data research-based instruction works. Students are more responsible for their learning.
how are you people? =)
....I hope you're kidding about Sidney Poitier....
Race riots in Tulsa and Rosewood were set off when a black man was accused of sexually assaulting a white woman in both cases.
Welcome to Kentucky!
San Diego Taco Tuesday - good times!! $2 drink wheel!
I'm just a simple girl living my life 
In the nurses' office..like always!(: she's my school om..but wish she was my real mom(: <3
It's so true. and SO glorious! Keep going. I want to see what else you'll say!
Geist fireworks....what's the delay?
SWEET! RT: Little girl next door to me: "My Dad says you know a lot about human minds. Do you know about dog's minds too?"
It annoys me that I have both AP and Foster (via trade after week 3) and am 1-3.....
BOOKED! I can't reveal very much, but I think I will be in a pool and holding an iPad! Shoots Tuesday. Details soon!
Prosper in Open Source
That Brooklyn Brown Ale might be the worst Brown Ale ever ever drank.
Colonel Potter, you will be missed.
GO GOLD<3 and good luck to you blackiess<3 ~ its sportsnight at my school tonight ! black&gold teams compete for the win <3
Um, honestly not all that great! but it's whatever.. I only have 2 days of school left :D
HELLO. HELLO. HELLO.
tried to get one of my friends to go with me shopping today but he's working... blah.
Lewis: In the 70s, Iceland privatized fish & each had a quota based on historical catches. Created billionaires overnight.
Come find us tomorrow at Mt. Airy Day! We'll have tons of books on sale for super-cheap: $5 hardcovers and $3 paperbacks.
haha I swear I was wondering the same thing
that's rad! Wish I cld b there. I'm super stoked about ur new album!! Your on fire B!!! Happy holidays!
me podrías pasar el email de Diego?
I dread being home alone
so many crazy people outside the bank lol
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 31
thanks!!! See you there! RT“: Oh sweet lord... i LOVE soundtrack! Dayton needs to get here!”
Got the sweetest early birthday gift from my co-worker in the mail today :) Thanks, Amy. It really made my day.
The best part about that reveal is that everyone was convinced Noel was going Georgetown. Oh, and the hair.
Haven't seen triple h since wrestlemania!
I once was here, but now im not. I went away to smoke some pot, I put this here to prove a point, That life ain’t shit without a joint
#ArthritisWalk volunteers doing a run thru for tomorrow's walk.
. The fact that interjected - at this point - to say that - exposes her anyway. #Opwatch #NYPD Spam
Do not treat this world as your idol. Worship the creator...not His creation.
ah kill me now.
Hi Todd. Thanks for the comment on "freelance economy" on ERE. You hit the nail on the head with "coolest" projects!!
You need to do a 30-for-30 or oral history of the 92 Dream Team scrimmage. It sounds like the greatest game no one saw.
President Obama: "If I had a son he'd look like Trayvon. Our president spoke volumes!
Both of them. Have them full of movies and tv shows
so glad that it did begin :)
good luck pimp
aka snatch a white girl, aka giant junior
I'm glad to announce that I have a new beautiful place for my Coachsingers Studio. So students , singers see you there!
I really love being around her, she always brings out the good in me.
Happy Birthday!
I did porn when I was 18-20 years old I'm 30 now lol I wanna get back into it and I do produce edm.. Google me dj servo
Just rocked an audition for a tv series and saw my friend Dawn Wells!
i'll have one in a few days to share! thanks for asking.
me too. What is it?
yo kid lets party!
Follow me? (:
Watching White Chicks, w/ my main bitch!
Sony NEX FS100 ... hm this thing could change my life
Today's the day! Come out at 6:30 to the PANYC mixer to hang with fellow NYC Princetonians at SOCIAL (8th btw 48th and 49th). Free!
Thanks for the #libmade RTs, ! What a great conversation yesterday.
we are so close! See you at tailgate!
congrats! You are amazing and deserving!
When life gives you lemons... Add some vodka and move forward
You got too much class for them haters.
At menchies with sam, lindsay and lior :D
Tagging Tuesday! Thank You for all that you do!
i was forced to go to work!! i wanted to die
OLLU SOFTBALL: Wins 7-3 against University of Houston at Victoria after 12 innings.
Roll Tide. ;)
Taco Bell breakfast >
I am now following Marie!
that is AWESOME!! RT : After a 2 year hiatus, I just completed a 1 hour spin
That's my boy
there you go ! i like your spirit
Patient tonight has both Parkinson's and glaucoma. Him trying to put in eyedrops was one of the more difficult things I've watched.
good catching up with you yesterday. You are a true gentleman and scholar
they occasionally have little squabbles, but nothing of this magnitude. My trainer thinks it's carry over from a squabble yest.
Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez is on maternity leave to be w his expecting wife. Eric Farris has been called up from A to replace him
Ugh easter is here
iwill do it !! today has moved my to tears of sadness and and hope !!! remember 911
"Idea of American hate in Egypt is greatly exaggerated."
RT : "Life is a promise, fulfill it"
All set for the Mens Golf tournament tomorrow at Oregon City Golf Club. See you there at 12:30 for lunch and 2pm shotgun start.
Change of plans: Open gym Monday night 6-7:30 in the dome.
I wish I saw your tweet earlier. I've been stuck for 30 minutes on torrey pines road.
You're a whore, end of story.
thank you!!!
My pleasure, thank you. I look forward to your tweets
#otherbusinessestakenote Thanks! Like to think we're really connected w/ r guests/friends.
Dumb ass... what a fucking dumb ass!!!!!
just kidding...you got as good of chance...as any...good luck
SORRY :) X
Use today to discover something about yourself that you never knew before..something that has nothing to do with your body!
Hi it would make my week if you followed me:) or even if you retweeted this or replied to this
most awkward goal I've ever scored
AxeOff USA is on the move!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 56
they hold the syrup in my good man, need a nice waffle here and there
go ahead, she'd probably enjoy it
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." George Bernard Shaw
oh shush hahahaha they do not. Did you draw them in or something?
This feeling <
RT : Will be tweeting about tech-related museum projects at Please follow!
thank u so much for the follow! =) if u ever need a new artist for upcoming projects, let me know! :)
HE LIES
Back in Cali, I luv it and hate it!
yes! Now I'm even more excited !
#artpolitics an invitation to new forms of sociality - her work is about recuperating the "personal is political" when inverse is exhausted
Very true! RT : I hear what you are saying; oddly enough however Swagger has a tasty BBQ sandwich and sauce.”
This goes without saying, but I sure hope Tsipras is not Obama. The last thing Greece needs is a misleadingly charismatic pacifier.
lmaooo “: Fucking nasty RT : I need to let it rip ... Yup I said it. I'm human and a girl. #yolo lmao”
hey!!! miss u <33333
No one loves me better than me!
Like pre-kickoff "rocky" ad. Mostly I like that it wasn't one they released beforehand. There's something to be said for surprise
If I had a knife right now, it would be stuck in you
Copresco wins "2009 Premier Print Award" from the PIA association for a four-color, personalized hardcover book. Congrats Steve Johnson!
bahahaha I got chu on Tuesday we'll leave him a message saying hii Kevin im your biggest fan
We can't all be right. But we can most certainly all be wrong.
Ugh My momma took my fone butd i aint worry about itd
: your kindness made my day :-)
that girl is a jerk! I caint elive she did that to you im soo sorry mason ):
Tickets are for suckers! Best events are free anyways, and access even with tickets/wristbands is limited.
Gonna be worth a tune-in? Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
feeling the brewers sweep
Thank you!
thats when music was real music. Not this trash played today.
awesome and sure I would.
Same boat.. Upside is ur not the usual..
"I don't really care that much this year because we didn't order pizza :/"- HAHAHA
Just wanted to say "Hello" and thanks for following.
Where do they sell MAC Pro make-up? Do you need to have a MAC Pro account?
Just booked a lead in an amazing short! :) I love when you get to work with great writing!!!
no we sell sweet tea, idk whts wit the late nite crew
Playing fucking phone tag with . WTF i just need to ask him a simple question.
shout out to for getting rid of a shitload of spammers...
I just saw a swagged out Asian who likes pop punk and has a TSSF hoodie. I am so bewildered by this.
can you please follow
Made waffles. Good but not as good as
Brainstorming publicity ideas for a retired drag racing legend...can't wait to see them come to life!
5134262585, use it
please say hi and a follow ! <3
Grand Theft Auto IV - Walkthrough
“: Found out is playing in Buford on June 16. Proceeded to plug it into my calendar :] #suwaneeiswhereitsat” come on!!
Follow back thanks!
I can tell tat you've been practicin'
Breakfast of marketing champions! Sorry I missed it!
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. - Dalai Lama
Iran Nuclear-Program Raid Fears Ease, Conciliation Seen
who's this mr. Glass you speak of?
REMINDER: Bachelor/ette meeting on Sunday, April 17 1:30 PM. Bring $ from ticket sales, VIP names, charming personalities :)
But Dax is so hot
I think I should eat something haven't ate all day
Dear people at my school, Don't make up all this shit just because there isn't any drama right now and you want some... From, Mee.<3
How exciting, can't wait to see them. Come visit me soon. I'm feeling better and hopefully by July I'll be walking again.
top of great blue hill in the castle
Why is psychoanalysis so much quicker for men than for women? Men don't need to be regressed back to their childhood.
Accepted #AmericanU students & parents are visiting campus today - greek yogurt would be such a happy addition! :)
I heard the moment before you die your life goes by in a flash. Not for steve jobs though, Apple doesn't support flash.
our hoes are the best!(:
Biked HARD to & from knitting. During hot shower last night became incredibly sore - very odd...
dont leave please..
Rough night last night, hopefully today starts good and ends good
I was just joking on conservatism. I'm all for every group of people being miserable in marriage.
still coming soon like Lebrons ring.
dont be afraid right now
Q5: I just started using to track all tasks. Simple and I can load everything in there. I even keep my edi cal there.
My parents have been married for 30yrs today and still look at each other like high school kids in love. They are the reason I believe.
On my way to chorus! I've missed all my "gurrs"!! see yall real soon!
Things are moving forward.. sooner than I thought. :)
But the good news is I have tix to see at the on the 18th!
I'm in CA now and have had the same experience re: no feedback. I'm hoping my move to NYC (& NYU's SPI) will fix that.
The internet is not for sissies.
dang that's too much!
Doh, didn't see this (wonky wifi). Don't worry I took notes :-)
yes he is even though he isn't very rowdy lol. I agree!
Tuesday= #Free Cone day! RT : Say it aint so! Free Cone Day is this Tues. April 3rd! FREE! Come once & do it again all day!
HItting the lake after work. NIce.
Getin it in wit my familia blazn loud in the clouds sit on satelights
That wuld make my day!!
I feel like that makes it better or more interesting... But that probably says more about me.
3 days down 2 to go. Baby steps.
What's your favorite adjective?
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
i knew Jane Fonda only from the Dead Kennedys song Kill The Poor but apparently she was an actress or president at some point?
Thank you! We hope to visit Chile someday :) RT : Hi , good music ;D greetings from chile
Thanks for following!
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.”
Moxie's resident queen, Truth is doing her thing in the studio remaking an old joint...wish I could share it with you but....
is looking for a 13 passenger van to borrow in the cincinnati and lexington, ky area. Can you help?
thanks for following love! :D
Welcome to those from the training call with Mike
why aren't you doing posters? How did it go?
Met with Chair of AMC's Chapters Committee today...12 Chapters do an outstanding job, providing thousands of volunteer led outdoor programs.
she needs to start pulling her weight.
what were u thinking canceling #TSC for this Emily Owens nonsense, a homeless person could do better acting, seriously!!!
Deliverin' me a cold pop on rollerskates?
Power hour with the boys!
National kiss day? Gonna go home and get my gene Simmons on lol
Ima resend it then, get ready to check it.
this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Great advice - thanks.
I mean... I was really excited about singing LMFAO, can I live?
I know that The Pursuit is sick, but I think my new favorite song is "I Could Have Danced All Night".
attending a MIDEA Connect seminar by on the Smithsonian's mobile strategy
Only reason I am watching is to catch a glimpse of that beard.
Wake n bake
have a great time this weekend. If your schedule opens up before you head back, let me know.
Just got my calendar from I love all of the Eastern Washington photos. I'm still a Kennewick girl at heart.
...Don't SciFi computers always look more "sexy" than they really are in real life, at least at that point in time?
Choosing a Factoring Company: Step 1: Compare companies and decided if you will use a recourse or non-recourse factoring company.
I saw that (was wondering if it was you with the reference to English newspapers). Thanks!
C-Style Designs is taking recycling to the next level! The only way to learn more is get your tail down to #CraftinCarnival!
you were featured at the dome theater at #fosterly by
you said you wanted some modeling pictures, I said alright. I'm not paying you. actually, I'm helping you.
"Good stuff we're trying to tackle. Not easy, but that's why it's gonna matter." - a wise friend
the future is unpredictable.. people are always making idealistic promises.
What we do in life echoes in eternity.
Monday = worst day of the week. GREAT advertisement for Rosslyn...not. "If you're here, your day is about to really suck."
A predicts Labor Day Travel will Decrease 2.4 Percent. Who's stayin' who's goin'?
OR viva los djs viva el noche
"Dont be defeated its very middle class"
Remember, any hole you see... ...I prolly stuck my cock in it already.
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take naps
Ill b just like your bitch!! Cause I give a fuck
Happy birthday!!! ~From BW
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my Loved ones to see another day.
Yes, it's unheard of....just like his blood doping thing he did for his knee in Germany!
Praying for Mrs Godwin's 8 yr old son who's having brain surgery tomorrow <3
Refs must have x-ray vision to keep eyes on that puck. Blow the play dead instead of giving trashy Hartnell a trash goal
Watch new PBS special about adolescent girls by Rachel Simmons: "A Girl's Life" tonight on Channel 11 at 8pm.
RT : Do you need something to do with your little dancer this weekend. Once Upon a Time by the Washington Ballet is......
Late to class because of a police roadblock between the metro station and campus. Wonderful.
There is no food in this household. Not even bread. Not even a god damn torilla omg.
And one of the greatest musicians of all-time... John Lennon (1940-1980)...
I love my freakin' job. It's really cool in moments like this, when it's all crazy and good and stressful and challenging.
Quizzo tonight @ Cranky Joe's in #EastFalls 8:30 start time - win a case of cold beer!
Other than you?
“: Cops are bitches.” well put
i know how you feel :/
R student council is 1 of the main igniters of ths projects. Nice 2 C kids making decisions 4 the skool that support community.
you're a really strong person.
got it thanks!!!
Boston tomorrow with
im saying! They are just to cute!!
I Wish I had someone to watch this movie wit me..
and missed you!
Can you rub a little bit of that off on me?
#RVA Our friends need a few strong backs Sat ! f you can help email !
Saw him speak at AU during undergrad MT : President Bill Clinton will speak at #AmericanU on Friday at 7 pm
is amazing!!!
Guys Austin's AustinMahone twitter account is not getting cancelled! 'AustinCMahoneTX' is not Austin! It's a fake trying to act like Austin.
Pink (Alecia Beth Moore) turns 32 today. She might start writing a new album next year.
your gifs are so cute!
Attending "Using Social Networking Services To Interact With Your Online Students" - very interesting stuff.
It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant.
“: T-5 Minutes: The Crew is now closing their Visors and switching to Suit Air. The Telemetry System is being activated.”rt
also recognize that the universe of all journals less well cited that most reputable.
still is tho
Pickup Line: I can't make a cherry pop, but I can make a bananna cream
i'll slit your throat
thanks for the follow
The Man in The Yellow Hat's real name is Ted Shackleford
Really! What are they? Brain damaged or something? "Roger" that!
LONG STORY TEDDY.....
If I'm not mistaken, Tatooine had two moons.
Playing with a bb gun lol
“: plus bucket” whaaaaa?!
LOL and ! its funny this is the most twitter engagement ive had in weeks and its all from deving code!
Still need 15 extras for #HomeBrewed shoot on Sat. Will pay in food & eternal gratitude- & maybe a bigger role in the future.
I want a sweet dreams beautiful.....
Sure. Not much of a hardware hacker though. What sort of tablet?
Above normal wx and spring-like storm chances periodically through early next week. Best chance of storms attm looks like Tues.
I get my hopes up for nothing.
great meeting you as well...next time you can pick the restaurant!
Beers on you!
Heads Up! SquE-Zn Sunday!!! This Sunday win a FREE pack of SquE-Zs! Stay posted for all the details this Sunday Sunday SquE-Zn Sunday!
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together."Oprah Winfrey
Christmas has passed & the new year is approaching.... What have u done this year to improve the value of ur home or business?
“: I never have any motivation to get up for my history class.” sounds like and myself haha
Fish Fry Sliders Tonight! Show this tweet and get a Free Tap Beer w/ Fish Fry entree or slider purchase.
yes.. Tues. April 26th at 6PM on #SpelmanCollege campus.. hope to see you there = )
If the Sabres had any finishers, Hodgson would have at least a few assists.
I want some beef jerky
Let's go lakeshow!
best moment in office: We got him! We ____ did it!
Thank you Debra! I'm 'amazed' how long it's been :) Hope you are well
I will GO & collect my 200 dollars as well haha :P #NotFunny #ILoveMonopoly I'll get started on my CM Punk page soon.
Look into the Talking Book Program (my state job). Free service from the state. All I do is audiobooks. Players too.
Gotta say, not a huge hockey fan... But hard not to be wrapped up in #nhl playoffs... Lots of sudden death excitement
Shout out to #ryankennedy !! So courageous. So brave.
: I found your article very reassuring. Language is a powerful thing. It opens so many doors. And minds.
"If there's a problem on the lunar colony, [] will be among the first we call." Robert Gibbs to on
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
ahhaaahahahahahahahah are you kidding me? she's crazy
oh my, kobe won than
only retweets pretty people :c so I'm ugly.
Drinking Hot Choc snuggledup@ work on this rainy day..Good thing I'm not short of any warm cuddly blankets here @ PB:-)
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags.Go from the box to deployment in minutes during a flooding emergency. Be prepared 24 bags to a box 20lbs.
you rocked i know you would win
will admit im scared of what this outcome may be tomorrow but Im not going to lose faith in God he will bring me thru this :/
Almost in the clear. A REAL work day starts tomorrow :)
Last cup
thank you jeff!
OMG. The next person I see saying "carbs are the evil" is getting PUNCHED.
Amazing job Pacers! Now get ready to play 5 on 8 in the next series.
Listening to give presentation on appropriate social media use at #Fulbright PDO.
Work needs to end so I can start my three day weekend :-)
glad to help. Have a great weekend Richard!
I think that whole stream made perfect sense. Kudos to you for saying it.
web archving thematic GW websites + support campus and faculty, donors-based websites. Strong international focus
If I ever get an industrial, there is no way in hell that I'm doing it without getting my ear numb.
I'm late but... just found out you and steckler are back on the air. Enjoying the podcasts. How about steckler all week long?
The reason women ask so many questions is because they have an extra why chromosome.
Website back online. Join us and become part of the educational process for health care professionals
#honestyhour since november till this past week my life has been hell :/
people say im crazy i say im unique
Orlando vs Steak - what a night! Thank you to everyone who came out and participated in making Orlando vs Steak an amazing event!
Gotta finish those Wade
real shit . If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
MT : Learn about the birth of art photography with "Heinrich Kuehn and His American Circle: Alfred Stieglitz..." opening 4/26!
Of many highlights this year, that was certainly among them. Thank you, !
RT : It's #WorldWaterDay today.Did you know that the #Everglades provides the fresh water supply for 1 out of 3 Floridians?
GO SPURS GO!!! 13 wins to go!
Well, it's a noun and a verb... :D
Who are YOU telling. Tryna rework my time management so I don't keep falling off the radar.
I was born in Compton, raised in LA and always looking for new friends. I'll be your C-Bear. RT: Off to Compton CA
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Wild Strawberries" (Sweden, 1957. Directed by Ingmar Bergman) 7:30pm
Hey you're all about freedom, right? Do you support #GayFreedom?
I'm gonna mow the lawn. Hopfully rosalies barbie is still out there!!!!
Shoutout to my new follower ; [;
uploading the #PhillyDrawAThon intro blog to youtube. Check it out on our tumblr and facebook page.
appreciate the share! What are your thoughts on a social hub in sports? Beneficial?
Watching Stephanie the champion grocery bagger from Larry's Piggly Wiggly in Kaukauna on David Letterman! Awesome!
Tweet is a gay word
Frickin' #Romo needs a boot in his ass.
How's Miami?(:
YOUR SO CUTE! NOTICE ME?:) xoxox love youu
First day back at work after being away for training. Whee
Before 2012 is over i am determined to meet and :)
I'm ganna kill somebody on this job site today. #Fact twenty to life seems like it might be worth it right now.
Home. Text mere. :-)
I like Fran's attitude! ": "Food is an important part of a balanced diet." -- Fran Lebowitz"
Thanks for the follow Jeff.
PS - Did you know that "Andrea"/Laurie Holden is Mike Cohen's aunt?
Rule 6 - not all money is created equal. Align your ask with expectations of funding source. Cardinal Rule from ,
FWIW, my bro pointed out how katniss's face always looked fairly clean. no dripping, dirty blood to be found.
“: He once pitched a perfect game while playing left field.”
Down to 36k
My heart hurts for a classmate and his wife, who lost their daughter on Saturday and laid her to rest today.
One more Fun Friday Fact: A hot towel cold stone face massage can help relieve allergy symptoms.
It's beautiful out today ☀
My head is spinning with all of this legal talk. But it s great to know seeing as being in management raises my liability exponentially.
Think of midnight as getting a very early jump on tomorrow! :-)
Reading through Margaret Bourke-White's papers at Syracuse Univ, & I'm falling in love w/this tough, smart, trail-blazing photographer.
Welcome new followers and Glad to know you!
Who said you can't paint an IKEA plastic table? Red to yellow. Whoohoo
When you get a woman, don't ditch your friends
It's the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief. And once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.
Our pleasure! :) RT Thank u for always keepin' me bronzed for my red carpet events!
My teacher acknowledged that I got a hair cut and seemed proud of herself for noticing. Well obviously Nothing gets past her hahaha.
I only like basketball on certain days of the week
Reading "The Evolution Man: Or, How I Ate My Father" by Roy lewis. Out of print for years. Prehistoric drawing-room comedy
i want too hangout with youu for atleast a dayy. youu seem so cool and chill.
hold my weave lmaoo why u wailling :-) :-)
If by with you, you mean I am having the same thoughts? Yes. Action? No. :(
your gay? like fo real?
I could be up for hh.. but are you going to decide last minute you'd rather go home to anacostia?!??
Going to bed. I feel like blah.
Aint no time like family time
Where are you? Sounds like a great conference!
me too... I try and hang in there to see if they are... But if they don't , they unfollowed fasho....
Come see A Trivial Hero, Crash Kit, and Barstow's own Amarex ROCK their asses off at Bikini Bar tonight!! Girls in bikinis drink free!
Nightshift by the Commodores
New fantasy football rankings posted for FFToday.com. Next up is the Fantasyfootballcafe.com crew this week!
Why is it that sci fi television is so internationally bad? Even the British can't save it.
Time to make myself SOME DINNER!!!!
I do everyday!
Politico compares SCOTUS defeat of ObamaCare to Vietnam. Wow. No words.
For some reason, people on Twitter talk to celebs like they would never dare to in real life, & say the most moronic things.
Yo my homegirl from kentucky said she just seem u at da howard game, keep dropping 40 on em slime
#WhatIReallyMeantWas I wish I had purchased Apple Stock when Forest Gump told me to do so.
is it wIth you know who... Lol
well it looks like im off to columbus to play a lil hockey. hopefully we win like last time
Good Morning to you.. Its a nice day out here.
I've got an E2 Headrush in Phoenix in case yours goes wonky or you want to use 2 for whatever reason.
OMG I FORGOT! THE HUNGER GAMES SNEAK PEAK TONIGHTZ! HOLY SHIT! <3
Looks like warehouse live will be letting us in for shows. The photos r gonna be epic
i like you. your wise. :)
I'll be here when mike comes up, I didn't realize his trip was next weekend.
Rain/drizzle will continue through the night across NJ, likely tapering off in the morning.
wonder how-many servers worldwide with people who sit and service these are all over the world to host Tweeter?
Seen it, but I haven't messed around with it yet. I know it's similar to CourseKit, which is okay.
play clock was ahead of game clock.
Boys are cute..... When they actually care about a girl's feelings !
Eating Mcdonalds when in a foreign country is such a comfortable crime.
Saturday Night Presents: CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS | Ladies Receive Complimentary Champagne till 1 AM | Dinner Party at 9:30
"Cheat" day this weekend? Don't go crazy! Be mindful. Watch your choice/portion. Enjoy your moment but don't wreck your results.
nice you will get to see her then! Stella better like her new girl to gossip with lol
Tonight We are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
There will be a sign in list at a table posted near the entrance, be sure to sign and let us know you helped!!
Is it ok to blame autocorrect when you accidentally drop an F bomb at a kindergarten?
But I wish ;)
Your funniest Tweet ever
With busy on her own show methinks & MPK need another writer to help find the funny. I'm willing to help.
Happy hump day! Thanks for watching the ! Make it a good day!
ah, the simple pleasures in life. cookout after a drunk ass night.
ok how was it bad show ??
just so happens, I'm enjoying your viognier!
I'm gonna win the lottery tonight...and throw feces on people....on there faces
How I call for people's attention: "Aye, yo, BITCH!" #ArentILovely #OhWell(:
Have a great weekend facebook fans! Stay out the malls and go riding with your Helmet City gear instead!
We're currently looking for guest posters for future weeks. We're expanding fast & gearing up to launch our sister site for England travel!
i'm literally so happy, now. <3333
still sick, blah!
According to Leclerc, people who publish online without running their work past an editor are "brave souls indeed."
You do seem to be the twextpert... feel free to drop by sometime and clue me in on all things twitter. :)
Foul mouthed amiga. M
this kind of scares me
Tell us how you really feel Annie lol! RT : I would rather chew my arm off & beat myself with it than see the Woman in Black.
is a new addiction! I love you both!
cuff her!
.........blah,blah,blah, say whatever i want but are u really listening........
: Mine is that you'd use your energy to defend someone who actually needs defending ...
probably hoot suite, no?
": Happy to begin writing my seven page report ;D #NerdLife"
I havent quite figured out why every time I wear a NYC or a Manhattan shirt I get asked if I am from New York.
LIMITED SPACE LEFT FOR JUNE EDITION.ADS STARTING AT $75.FULL PAGE PLUS 100 CD OR 1000 FLYERS FOR $250 OMG WE MUST BE CRAZY!! BUT LEGIT DM ME
Volunteers needed for our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event on Sunday, April 22. To sign up for a shift contact .
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
A lament is necessary, it's an art dorm. Our culture doesn't do that well.
So excited the Brewers could clinch today!
I'm the opposite of upset that we have barely talked recently.
are you a model Lauren?
That one kid better be in class today.
'One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.' (Plato)
Just stepped outside. Feels like snow.
- Got your email and forgot to respond. Sorry! I bet would be down!
If I have to chase and fight for ur attention... eventually I won't want it anymore....
you better!
Excuses is just a cowards way out!
I Do It Myself, (Adobe Photoshop!) I Don't Pay Anyone... God's Gift In The Becoming of What Has Already Created! It's In YOU! "BELIEVE!"
Girl yes! Please! DM me your number and we will go :)
Happy December ! we should start freaking-out now ... 1 month until 2012 AKA (( YOUR YEAR !!)) lol ;)
For appetizers, we have Edamame, Mandoo (dumplings) and Kimchi Pancake to name only three. Call us at 614-273-0188 for any questions.
I'm gonna come and put in a very large order lol
Sorry if you got a message from me about a free phone. Stupid hackers!!
I WIN. SEE YA HOMIE!
We hope you all had a great holiday weekend. Time for us to focus on getting Delicious Licks launched this summer!
: (If the grocery stores delivered alcohol to homes here, no one would go to work.)
Mixing and mastering with Brian hood. This Ep is going to be tight!
Oh, that blood coming out of my ears? Don't worry. I was just watching
to be a #sneakerhead you gotta rock diffrent kinds of shoes, not just nike, or jordan.
There is a difference between being infamous and famous. I wonder whether Casey Anthony understands the difference.
I tried dressing up as a dyke for Julio. LMAO
that's the pic i want to see you tweet!
Gas station blues for sure. Bad coffee & too much wind to fill the washer fluid. Geez. I hate winter.
trying to get the store to carry Premier jerseys by the start of the season
Darn groundhog! Brrrrr!
we are #CommercialFree for the rest of the night!! What can I put in for you?!?! - is taking
Orioles made it to .500 today. Gonna see if I can turn this glass of water into wine real quick...
If #Radiohead sounded like Can before, they're sounding more like Faust tonight.
Well said RT : Last words - Looking forward to learning ways to show virtual worlds/games are REAL force in education!
have fun :) but don't work to hard now
hahah! So what's up? :) -Taylor
I joined!!
Thanks! It's good to be back!
#top10lies I'm going to start my diet on Monday.
COME BACK TO DC! U haven't been here since last Feb.when u did ur free concert an I got a concussion :( its my dream 2 meet u
...even THEY won't hit that bad all season. They've played tough teams.
The contrast between how Apple, Google, and Amazon perceive content is fascinating. They all approach it in such drastically different ways.
It's went through my office last week. I thought I avoided it.
Awwh you make me smile :)
Hello, NC! How's the eLearning going there? Hope it's cooler, less humid than here in Columbus, OH @ Ohio State --> 85 F, 85% H!
Thanks for the RTs &
After 12 years, Ruby still thinks that a friendly mani/pedi is meant to be a smack-down match.
I really hope Boosie doesn't make anymore music.
Always a great night when the Heat lose.
I couldn't imagine writing anything of length with the stock keyboard. Props to you.
Im so over it.
can u get me followers plzzz
Bfast club shooting this AM was great! Game Day too
Amazing how the air duct attack in SPECIMEN brings folks running like a fistfight in a schoolyard.
Why so you say you love someone just to hurt them . Then you really dnt, your jus looking for a relationship....
no.i died....lol.i saw you driving your car today! you were pullin into the ETSU parkin lot. i honked at and yelled at ya! :'(
you are joking! are you driving that convertible up to SF?
not really. I grew up with meat. Though I chose not to eat it now, there's a nostalgia for foods of my childhood. Options.
Let's do it! I might have to start with a small one--maybe a handkerchief?
#freetebow for the
Lol! I love that rant! I told you it works for everything! I'm gonna call you tomorrow, for real this time. Lol
A movie I feel we'll see somewhere after ? Def aka BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING , so good!
.: there are cases of slaves working in Jewish households who adopted Judaism & who later even started their own synagogues.
5 minutes to compress a file, not too shabby. Probably would've taken an hour a few years ago
Knock KnockWho's there !Amazon !Amazon who ?Amazon of a gun !
What a great accomplishment! RT : we're approaching 40,000 questions answered with #vizwiz--maybe yours will be lucky number 40,000!
i love your profile picture! Cal me cuz!
Good question! Need to show Ohio & surrounding areas some love : )
not a baseball fan at all...but that worked before, so I stuck with it. But now I remember it's relief pitchers...ah well!
i packed this bowl for two, i wanna smoke it with y o u .
The only country guy I need(:
O-H-I-O . Awesome. #GO Bucks
a may series in Oakland has never been so interesting
Welcome all new and returning team members to team KMC 2012!
o ok gotcha LOL
ah last time i went ice skating i got my finger sliced by someone's skate, never going again
we hear you! ours are self-paced, so the faster you finish, the cheaper they are - talk about motivation!
"May the Fourth be with you! LOL, it's Star Wars day! So clever." -Me in 2009.
exciting events will be takin place soon
My successful morning consists of hitting 4 pages of my 20 page paper. Gotta keep the momentum going!
Get a good dose of veggies by making an omlett with just 1 egg and lots of veggies! Don't forget the spinach...gotta get those greens!
The field for the 2011 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship is set
- and I just registered. Done and done!!
RT Don't forget Sat's big occupy event: 12PM, Wells Fargo Bank (Richmond & Central)
Ugh. Food poisoning or stomach flu and I feel miserable :-(
Back at you!
New movie coming soon. I just love directing!!!
don't believe it, I know the only person in the world who can do that
yes absolutely!! But sometime before 6pm your time??
Congrats ! You deserve it!
Pro sports is an entertainment industry. Ridiculous post game fashion is entertaining. Why so serious #NBAtwitter?
You all were awesome today! Congrats! Thanx for taking the pic w/me!
I would.. Lol ": im not even gone do it !! RT : #FITB ____ Cheats on their Boo"
saw her the other week live (again)!
Milwaukee needs some Shaffir. Just sayin'.
I bought neither. Thank you very much. And I won't but this one. I don't need a sash to feel like a beauty queen.
I still turn to u
It certainly is
Oh no, a suspicious egg is following me on Twitter! :)
I know it's not summer yet, but wow. This is what we wait for all winter!
What Chamber of Commerce guy constantly tries to convince everybody that business sucks in his hometown?
Anyone else notice a serious surge in customer activity? We are going gangbusters! Looks like we are turning the corner!
Beautiful day !!! Come out and eat the best sandwich in town !!!!!
Friendship hangs on to win the boys Washington Charter League Championship over Thurgood Marshall 69-65. DC Youth Rock!
Beautiful Kodachrome footage from "someplace Foothills-y" in the 40s gets us another bingo winner!
#ThingsSheNeverToldYou I'm only wit u for your money..  Smh
My neighbor got this dumb ass dog that barks 24/7. I'm bout to feed his ass some chocolate.
I have heard that the last time the O's had a doubleheader against the Rangers at home they lost 30-3 in the first game. That is FALSE...
If I had a productivity meter, it would indicate that I am lacking productivity.
It's just those rainy days
take yo ass ta sleep droski
driver do stop alltyuh
#TwitterProblem Twitter has decided to randomly un-follow tweeps that I follow regularly - extremely irritating!!!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not knowing is delicious suspense, though :)
youu kno I won't. Ohh and I'm doing it now...
via email? not at this time, but you can access your goals & write in your commitment journal via m.stickk.com from your mobile phone
This girl is too hyper ! wtf
Hahahaha my dogs are so scared right now cuz of this thunder storm but keep running outside lol
If ya'll don't go and #VOTE for one of my fav people on this earth ever to be on #RuPaulsDragRace. May the Lord forgive u!
good to see your smiling face. That looked like a cool experience!
I have my fave ICONic Boyz Following me! Vinny And Mikey! Yeeee! now i just need Nick!<3
and quite frankly if you go to Vegas and can't challenge an MMA fighter to a dance battle, than what's the point?
True. And the #Twins are having a spectacularly awful year. Maybe this will lead to a Brewers resurgence.
Few things in life are more funny than a local band with ego boxes and scrims.
Thanks! We'd love to chat sometime - let us know when you're available!
school is always a great look <TOP OF THE LINE>
Was about to tweet, then i realized i had a drink waiting for me.
.+|!_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Can you believe us Grannies are visiting Croatia in less than month? What should we see and do? Any recommendations?
hahahah "welcome To chao city folks my names adam ill be your server for the night, i hope you enjoy the finest chow on the east"
They are horrifying. And do they all come with hot sauce? I don't like hot sauce.
And we shall laugh at how the moon divides an ocean solar. I wana be that ocean i wana shine like that...
My sister Jenna came up with a new JENNA-ISM: "Are the Watson's having a barbeque because gymnastics are on?......."
100 diseased can be cured with black seed, just simply eat it
You got it!
no. Stop.
Make a FB Event, and I'll be there! :)
Instead of the #Bachelorette they should call it D-Bag Survivor Lol
I've had like 10 naps today. It's totally awesome.
I love glee :(
SOL market cracks me up. There's a place called BFD going in on Park - they should be next to each other, with FML.
hahaha I should x)
I promise we'll do our best
lets wrestle on your trampoline!!
Just got done presenting, feels good to be done with Haddad's class for the rest of the year.
u sound like a freak thas a good thing lol
Sitting with David Loerchter to talk about how to turn my LMC into a Learning Commons at SIGMS Breakfast.
Give it up for the Newcastle pluck, Diaby stupidity. Great match. Gunners First BPL club to lose 4 goal lead.
Where is my invite for the games?? Roxbury Friday night, Supperclub Saturday night and Barney's for Sunday NFL Football.
Michael franti you gotta be here
I like the song payphone, but im confused where he found a payphone and where his cellphone was....
New Projects in the works!!!
they don't want people cancelling other's selections?
for the follow! Welcome
Don't forget to watch the tca's
Facebook, twitter, work. I'm gonna need a good evening.
There's a Tory Burch look alike at the restaurant
Had a final earlier, now time to test my luck yet again- watching "Survival of the Dead" ah, the bliss of a true weekend
That one virgin who always talkin bout how much pussy he get. -__- #Shutup!!!!
- Hey Oklahoma City Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
no fog fall this morning! Guess you and Reuben have to come back some time.
just witnessed a hole in one, 5 north
thanks for following me. Its nice to see Latinas interested in politics!
You text him, he doesn't back. He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
A team who defeats the defending SuperBowl champ and plays the following week on the road is 0-14. Giants...?
I have bad luck with big chances that could lead to being life chaning :(
aye I've tried at times, but it likke youu too good for mee or something!!? Idk what it is...?
good morning Bella. I heard today that when a male touches his nose. He is ready for sex? Any truth to that?
If your rims still spin on your ride...that's a shame.
call me!
Waiting for responses to Qs RT : I'd be surprised if wouldn't be a better friend to bicyclists than
oh well since you asked do nicely... What do you want :)
no prob, just saw you tweetin' so thought I'd ask
Another couple great ones I downloaded for free was CCleaner and Malwarebytes Anti-Malware...GREAT STUFF!!!! Seriously.
Ran to the store to buy cigarettes...came back with two packs of #JuicyFruit gum instead - are you proud of me?
I believe love can be found in any person who puts their HEART into it not their mind. Think about it
I believe that you can run a mile in 6:44. Don't forget to stretch before and after ;-)
Can not get audio on tv in the cave to play thw wii. I reek
: It'll be streamed most likely, but we can't do it in HD without a paid account (which we haven no budget for).
man, I wish I knew that when I passed up a case of bananas for $5 this weekend!
"It was asking: Why am I the only woman here? during law school that first led me to campaign for women's rights." Unity Dow at USM today
Callin you have you found it yet?
Is it to early/late to trade for Jerry Hairston again?
It'd be way more shocking if Queen Latifah came out as a real Physical Therapist after her attempt at portraying one in
In my search for evidence to prove you wrong I only found videos of them sneezing or farting... guess that's life in a glass box
sounds rough. Prayers for a quick delivery. Go! Go! Go! Love D
#NFAIS Potential of socialbook is a change akin to those times you recognized that you could just google the answer to your question.
all people say thank's HUGH HEFNER!!!
After a week off of school I'm too tired to come back
Your name is correct, you are beautiful (:
Dude you have to pay for that My Brushes app!
Just picked up another booking! :)
bleh. just cleaned for 2 hours xP
Is the disappearance of homemade Chex mix a net loss or gain for American cuisine?
lets be smoke buddies then lol
golden globe show was great
God is Good!! Nobody greater!! Sometimes you gotta just tell someone how good God is in the MIDST of it and AFTER he brings you OUT!!
Just home from the most beautiful wedding where the bride and groom totally love each other and the Lord. Congratulations, Katie and Calvin!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse is quickly turning into Assembly Hall.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography, covering the CSO overseas and trying to decide whether it's ironic that my MacBook power cord died.
Why at home?
Via BGN's Almightypudster: What is your ideal playing weight?
if im louder would you see me?- well id hate to break t to ya but people hear you before they see you first anyway so.....
I got it on Amazon! The one I bought was $10.00 with shipping and everything :)
I'm a big fan of ! Keep up the great work. Be well, Ryan.
Great fucking day of racing.... I'm surprised I can still type considering all the adult beverages I've consumed!
haha Lady Gaga could be correct depending on the placement of 'you & i'. right? or am i grammatically inferior at this point?
=D Life is made!! <3
I'm so ready I can hardly focus!
But the Mizuno's are PURPLE and I love purple right now. :)
LOL that's a great name for a bar.
It looked so good!!
the name's carla....and i'm just dying to be her.
Rogers is talking about the open endedness of Lucille Clifton's poem
Where have they been keeping Colin Firth this whole time?
seriously, I'm part of a group of academic/activists in the US. This conversation is at least 10 years behind where we are.
Boo to walking dogs in this rain!!!! :(
lol, okay. I love you. You make me laugh!
If you want someone to spill a secret, make them watch Peppa Pig for an hour. Torture.
A Christian cannot help but read the Scriptures. To be a Christian is to rejoice in the power of the Holy Spirit . . .
There is no rush to greatness! So while the world is in a rush I'm gonna use my time to try to be perfect!
How weird is this shit. Lesnar & H are already in a feud in my #WWE12 & now it's being brought to life. What are the odds?
We're very excited to have in the studio tomorrow! It's going to be a very fun & productive day.
#NYC #Fashion #Brooklyn check it out!! RT Celebrate Brooklyn designers 's trunk show Sat 2-6
Believe all families should have health coverage? Vote 4 by commenting www.smcscommunityvote.com
RT : The thing I love about baseball is that it has all the excitement of football, packed into 162 4 hour games.
Lebron didnt even shake hands... WOW
Be happy tonight #BC fans, you're going down next week. Remember BU=Beanpot.
about to witness the umd gamer symphony orchestra's annual concert, in the american art museum courtyard. awesome!
Before i sleep,, I ask one question tou you guys!!!... where your thumb????ahaha
If you spot any polling discrepancies tomorrow, please call our office at 410-338-4036. And report it on Twitter using #bmorevotes !
"No Beer Here," the new single by Amy Ames, has been released nationally and globally to Country and Americana radio stations! AirPlay
"Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing."
Had so much fun in Olivia's backyard making s'mores ! So fun ,(:
Omg a wittle asian baby!!!!!!!
#TurnToYou is ligit, I saw it last night, and it seems like no one has been talking about it! But I love it!
it's also a ? of how much maintenance it requires. Even people who know how just may not want to spend the time.
I am about to start saying g'day mate to everyone.
Oh yay! I seriously thought i was the only one that did that!
We gotta get cass and joy to join us! That would be pure chaos! Lol!
Thank you so much for the kind words! We got a lot in the production line and and can't wait to see where it all takes us.
With lil bro texting my baby(I miss her alot)
Wisc. cheese and sausage plate should tame the in-law crew. Holding my breath, here I come.
we are testing right now. Later this week well have a launch page up where you can sign up to be one of our first beta users.
Ah come on Singers, no offence, I love you all, but singing is boring.
EAT MY DOG INSTEAD.
Hey Whats up!
Testing ELIS for Moodle 2 - I like the way role archetypes work with ELIS contexts, makes advanced hierarchies cleaner/easier
Everything sucks
I'll do mine later. In 30th now
too bad im broke and spent my money and Bjs
Same to you Simone! RT : Happy
Ok GN/GM
The apple (pun intended ;-) doesn't fall far from the tree.
Petit Syrah will make your tongue SO black.
haha soo true!! Except you are too beautiful to ever look ugly!! I miss you!
Industry image in by Shawn Records
we shouldn't do this. Not again. Besides, we see you with and you look so happy.
Yesterday I dreamed of Austin, as I dreamed it twice, here say they dream the same dream three fold happens
with 9/10 of my HARP 2 apps, I asked client if they tried 2reach out 2 prev LO- 1 of 2 respnses- cant remembr them; they wont call back
I had a feeling you'd know better. Thanks for the info.
I beat you in Zombie Qrank today. Burn. And no, I haven't read the latest book yet - gonna pick it up soon.
Really? Do you know anything about them?
Only three days until
its SO good, you have to stay until th end of the credits!
I agree expands the range of Blackness
Great news! I am a Wendy fan! MT I'm the sidekick for a new radio show. Unbound with Terri Nunn. Sat nights 6-8! KCSN 88.5 FM!
sweet i wanna make a trip to sf soon as i get my car.
And she's not thirsty, she's HUNGRY so yall better watch out lol “ Seriously tho that girl is a hoe !”
I totally agree - gov't civil unions, leave marriages to relig. institutions. But I don't think it'll happen.
Thanks Angela!
you talk about your boobs all the time haha!
ASS IS PETTY AF! BUT I LOVE HER!
good morning :-)
#AtTheEndOfTheNight I say well I don't need this class to graduate so I'm going to bed.
. On the other hand, I find that blasting out cryptic tweets in frustration to be incredibly theraputic!
RT : RT : You must learn to translate wisdom and strong feelings into labor.~Jim Rohn
Jon nothing you say ever makes sense.
KES (1969 film): David Bradley's performance puts other child actors to utter shame. After Rossellini, before Dardennes, there's Ken Loach
i'd be lying if i told you that losing you was something i could handle
you ain't alone Now
Watching #thewalkingdead. Its freaking awesome!
Well, I guess this is what happens when half your starting lineup is back up players. And no, Utley in Howard will not fix this...SORRY
I promise I shall! Soon enough, you'll have to come to SD for a visit :-) Have a wonderful weekend!!
how different would 's life be if he had gotten busted for the times he smoked marijuana? barry the ex-con working at mcdonalds?
In honor of all the other ones you didn't?
Thanks Gordon.
#TweetYourEyeColor brown. Plain and simple
Thanks! That article must have come out a few years back though.
I wish It was Friday already..
#ivealwayswantedto ride a bike inside the walmart store and say "oh you know, just taking it on a test ride"
RT Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them, because you never know, tomorrow may be too late. So true :)
We should RT : Can we blame Wade for coming up short? No. I understand
They sure get around! RT : Saw a couple of Great Blue Herons in the back yard this morning.
Right when Im having a good dream I wake up to the sound of people cutting the grass on my lawn -.- Oh well
I just hate
oh hey
Did you know? A dirty air filter can increase your gas consumption and lower the heating capacity of your unit by as much as 50%.
Zero Finals down, FIVE to go... Just be nice... Please :)
Hanging in the famous C-8 for #Stroupe auditions with and
Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio Red in Sweet 16 of AAU Nationals (59-73)
“: Got 3 hit pieces in the mail today"The SD R party is so destructive and negative.U make the world dark place. GetLost!
That's it. I'm gonna try after hearing them on Watch out, Bywater. I'm coming.
we share the same birthday. Have a good one!
#Seaweed is the most #Nutritionallydense #Plants on the #Planet as they have access to all the #Nutrients in the #Ocean! #FOODMATTERS!
I've seen pics of bitches naked on twitter ... What's the deal here
Raining in DC, still in fourth inning, need to get to middle of fifth b4 Bryce HR becomes official...
Might delete my POF account. It's worthless. Not attracted to anyone on that site!
National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!
Your a bum
Isn't that part of the "private citizen" action thing rather than leading as the mayor?
I love you too future ms.herrera xoxo
hey girl, sorry for the late reply, haven't got around to being on here for a while...but I'm alright! what about u? x
sounds fun. (: Not a lot here, just watching tv.
Moving up getting life insurance!!!!
Cant even tell if its nice outside or not. From my window it looks like crap so im staying in bed.
Lunch revenge is best served on the crapper. -LaJuan Foust
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
This band is kickin out jamz.
follow please:D
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Every fan of #thevoice is saying who the F are Darly Hall and John Oates.
Ha! For Royals fans, hoping it is our time, or at least getting close.
yeeeaah. Everything about the bradley center kinda is a turn off for me. But whatchu doing tonight? IM FREE AT LAST!
Off to NYC
No joke ? damn , why she break my phone ?
nice win!
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I don't doubt it for an instant!
EVPH keep on RADAR for MONDAY had a great day today.....
Police found my car! The thieves "borrowed" my guitar from the trunk so the 'More than words' flashmob singalong is cancelled tonight.
by the time you read this I'll be gone..somewhere off on my own living the dream that you never gave me a chance to live
She really dosent understrand how much I like her in love her. She makes me so happy it's crazy in I do everything I can too make her happy
#womenfarmer leader: "All women should join Sunhara program!"
My wisdom tooth and sinuses! Uggh
doubt it he a loser alchoholic
LOL! He always do that. LOL! :)
he seems to be a baseball GENIUS...he knows more about defense then anyone who has ever watched baseball
that's very creepy.
Never say you're not good enough, if that person can't see you for who you are, then they are the ones who aren't good enough .
Just registered for #ChelseasRun this weekend with Anyone walking or running on Saturday?
Thanks so much!!!!! xoxox
Auditioning can be such fun! The CD was so clear, gave great direction, & allowed me freedom to play! A good reminder of why I do what I do!
I've had three dreams this weekend: 1) on the run from police for months 2) mysteriously gone missing for two years 3) traveled back in time
**ATTENTION MODELS & DANCERS** MAKE SURE YOUR @ E.S.B.N MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE (2224 elm st) 8 PM FOR AUDITIONS FOR PAID GIGS... RETWEET!!!
Wolf Signs is still available at Amazon, B&N and iTunes. FREE! If you haven't tried the wolfies, now's your chance
thank you darlin':)
I didn't get a chance to taste the koolaid...
Shows in Cali bout Ready!!!! I'm bout to be a Cali Girl
here at the crib gettin ready. U?
ARE YOU READY? Ghjcdksaw :D
Mecca Here I Cum.
same here!
4 hours to finish a paper and a powerpoint presentation... let's go!!
that was on my Glogster!
Our cheering station is hopping! Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters like the wonderful
Thats right they ain't got SHHHHH on $2uesdays at #OBSESSIONS! MYKKO MONTANA LIVE TONIGHT!
Dont forget we'll be at Chelis Chili in Dearborn tomorrow night!! We start at 10:00, see you there!!
Why is "Who Is Paul McCartney" trending?? Someone explain, please.. STUPID kids today! Don't know a thing about real music.
Andrew, aka is behind the bar serving drinks and flashing. Come to the sexy
"Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty."
Oh. I get it. You're gonna help win the election for your party by disenfranchising tax paying citizens who vote. Let me know how it goes.
happy mothers day
just got the new NI MASCHINE and going nuts with this monster lololol
Stacy's mom has got it goin on:p
lmao stop talking about me man. Ain't nobody showing out for twitta. I love you too tho, nigga.
sitting at home!
It's not too late to go to my Face Book fan page, Todd Miner Law, and register for a free driving course for your son, daughter, grandchild.
favorite holiday scent has to be pine!! Love the smell of a fresh xmas tree!!
Also press outlets who are not invited but buy WWDC tickets to cover the keynote. Apple should offer limited # of Media passes.
I should of left before these feelings began,... now look at the pain in my eyes.
Officially the only person I know who tried to Shazam something on my own phone...
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundred memories, all for one person <3
Well tonight's Glee was really an awesome show.
I'd love to be watching some Empire Strikes Back today
website's rockin, I'm excited it's finally up and running! If I order your ebook will you e-sign it?
I Have NEVER Had The Chance To See Perform Live Hopefully I'll Have The Pleasure To One Day!!!
Gutter Gardens%3A Reuse Rain Gutters to Create a Space Saving Garden. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FtKOn6I
still killin time. finna see this movie with !!!
feel better t-money<3
Who you guys got?
Getting dressed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
The lead singer from Green Day has a real name? I've been calling him 'Green Day' this whole time.
The big day is near come sign up and save 40% on classes Come now !!!!!!
You're more than welcome // Thanks for being leaders in your #Greek community
as opposed to dying in a aircraft where anything else goes wrong and you die?
Dis finna b a hell of a concert
#1citysummit at table 49 with the youth mayor and participants range in age from 14 to 90. Huge applause for !
That could go in the non sports related stuff haha. How's school going?
If You Mail - Read This! - 2% Discount On Mail Containing a QR Code During July/August. Pending final approval from PRC. -...
skype works great to!
#artpolitics silence or ambient sound as ambient citizenship
Ppl need to tame their damn kids
Shana is an older series (2005), so it makes sense for the DVD. The BD though, they upscaled it in Japan for a quick buck.
Have you made sure you are following and have "liked" us on Facebook? You could win a leather cuff as seen on style blogger !
Muscles are cold or, in other words, are not receiving very much blood flow. This is how muscles are pulled/strained.
#lessexcitingbandnames A.A.W.A. - African Americans Wit Attitude
Smiling...all is good...smooches!
I feel great :D
Omg! I missed Glee today cause I was watching the NFL Network. :(
Photos from the Invisible Disabilities event that was held on 6-29 at Comedy Works - Landmark have finally been posted on the Soko Photo Fa…
Flight booked!
Come on #Bulls!!! Let's Go!
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible
Brushing all the doggies is a misson lol
Cigarette smoke <<<<
needs a crash course in twitter... anyone want to teach me?
I got my exemption card today. I think I'm going to exempt my spanish exam. I don't feel like taking it.
I just wanna pop bottles n chill with the models
Indeed! Nothing like a bath at the end of a long day.
RT : Gentlemen, let me leave you with some advice... If you want to live a long life, just remember, women are ALWAYS right
Will you be taking your kid(s) to see The Hunger Games this weekend? Why or why not?
smh I'm going to get him! His lying self.
Have commencement speakers seriously still not been named?
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Not even close for a Blago type place...nice neighborhood though...good bar...right off the el stop
By the way: when do I get my visit from you two ladies?!? and are waiting!
I just wasted 30 minutes of my life watching a show called "Chopped" and not once did they cook with cocaine like I was hoping they would.
Thanks. This was on 40m. Cheap Alinco 100w radio and dipole tossed out the kitchen window. ;-)
It feels tropical in Milwaukee right now! Who agrees?
Follow us back We carry rock smith Thanks
Weather Channel says four #tornado warnings in #Dallas. That's just crazy. Hope all my friends and family are safe.
Time to go watch the new #ModernFamily!!!! woo
Trying to figure out what to do with my last 40 minutes of serfdom.
Loving my Baby :) I swear we grow more love for each other everyday <3
I need to learn how to take jokes on twitter
OMG I EFFING KNOW. YESTERDAY... alkdhglkahg. this is mia btdubs.
gotcha got both w try phone thanx again
Chicken is good too.....
Got a case of the Mondays? Come on in later for some fresh cookies, cold milk or even some fresh coffee. omnom!
thanks I just had to unfollow my unfollowers 😊
Easy Fitness got me back on track to eat healthy and feel good! Its a lifestyle change.
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, #MarchMadness, #AutoShow, and #StPatricksDay. Is anyone attempting all 3?
Thx! RT Sorry I can't be there reppin' you today.Tell them a C student went to Paros and it was the best experience ever!
Nobody wakes up slim, if they do they need to see a Doc ASAP
Lions finally on the clock! WOOT!
Im in love with and new remix together! I have it on repeat go check it out!
planet of the apes and tell me how it was ;-)
I think they keep them locked away somewhere where they are untouchable by the ladies.
stingy with funds too
Son of a nutcracker! Looks like we're experiencing some downtime. Tracking down the source of the issue now.
yep hopefully over!
That was a huge 3 by Wisconsin... We might have an upset
RT : RT : Get serious about yourself if you want someone else to take you seriously.
glad you were all there last night to support a great cause. we had a blast as usual
My review of the first half of Spielberg's Tintin movie: "If Snowy don't talk, the film's a crock." (Watching the rest tonight.)
glad to see you online. How are you feeling?
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the man you love is turning into a horse, he wants you to help him, but you rather like him this way.
I still bump this one on the reg. It's 5 star Friday on my iPod shuffle today, presently You Could Me Mine, GnR.
maybe can share (off line, of course).
The natural order of life is Man,Woman and child. When that natural order is threatened,the world is off balance!
#Aetna has redeemed themselves and approved our friend's surgery! Thanks #Aetna. Next time maybe you could just approve it straight away?
thx for coming to our house! RT : Great to host you yesterday !
it was great :D thanks
Sad but true. Woman Ticketed in Raytown for littering. Tossed a Cigarette Butt. Priorities seem a little misplaced to me.
he said.. "meeeeeoooow"
If health care costs were lower, many employers would be hiring more people, says
Jas, I love you, but please don't talk smack about the Oxford comma, or I will be forced to defend its honor.
I feel that I know that moment all too well.
If a woman repeatedly cheats on her husband, they call her a "whore." But if a man does it, the GOP calls him a "frontrunner."
if PHAME was a superhero, we'd be the brightest, fastest, most song-and-dance Superman ever! (also, we <3 ) :)
im loving the hair lol
It's Monday all ready time is flying
Had a bad day. A hug from my would make my day brighter!
I'm soo bored in this bowling alley -.-
“: Loving the home love crazy weather but that's Cleveland!!! Love it!!!” come to scoreboards
At halftime Dakota leads the Jam 52-46. Juan Pattillo serves as a momentum changer for the Jam leading the team with 10 points off the bench
Great win in Columbus!
Remember in elementary school when the last week were parties and field day? The good ol days.
I got an umbrella for you, come through...
Fantastic to hear. Keep me posted :)
have practice from 7 to 9 by Reliant.
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Eating some wasabi peas from the new in Fox Point. Love that place!
So hopefully Will finally come to Houston like
To me, that could apply to a lot of dance music. BTW, Deerhoof is not as bad, but somehow I don't enjoy it as much.
I know it's hard over there cause it's raining hard over here on the inside of my womb... innumerable fire...
What's up fam? It's ruckus from let me know if there's anything that we can do for you! Follow back if u want!
or the person is just so attractive that they want to retweet it from them.
I just can't decide on what shirt to get.
what do you want the ? Shut up!
What happened to the good old days of wearing your best sear sucker suit while you waited for the trolley? My mind is stuck in 1954 Zonks!
Armondos at the mall!
PLEASE come to nyc more often?
I call it like it is, Schafer looks very good. And this team is much better than last year.
finished book, great book. Thanks for getting it for me!
RIP Big Man....The sax that made me love music
nominate me...I want the job
At the 5th and K location of Bus Boys & Poets. Its at 4:30
Congratulations for winning the Caudill Award, on book Powerless! Thanks for skyping with my students too!
“: A police officer told me to keep my nose clean-I don’t have a nose so, problem solved.”
We are not trainers. We are thinkers who happen to trainers... -MindFirstFitness
There's zero chance ill be running outside w snow on the ground. We replaced the runs w late trips to the gym, u can join that?
: So good to meet you Ryan! Definitely hoping to catch a show soon, if not on Saturday.
Hey can yu follow and let her know that i sent yu! shes an amazing singer! thanks xo
Sherman Oaks, he's your neighbor.
From SeaWorld(work) to the La Jolla shores =) Do some yoga, meditate... Relax!
Niggas is feelin this damn bonnet 2day (shrugs shoulders & sips coffee)
In your marketing communications, determine the desires of your customers and fulfill them.
on deck
says We are witnessing a capitalist revolution, collaborate to solve social issues,1st impact entrepreneurs = Ben & Jerry’s
again wrong Sam.
#1DVDforme because its the most amazing DVD ever! :)
Kief. It's what's for dinner.
I want panda express so bad l have been craving this whole entire week uh so hungry l hope l can go soon :/
Jerry Jones should just fire Wade Phillips now...this team is a joke. No emotion at all from a team that was supposed to be in Super Bowl
New podcast coming together with email marketing, YES
what would be the best thing to do ? if you could e mail me and help me i would be very greatful !!
I would be very interested in seeing a picture which conveys everyday life, something outside of the tourist zone.
With like always
Also... just had great discussion with guy who works for me... it ended with a question - What is your basis for truth?
ahh, I'll be over soon! 
Hoping for a a Pot O' Gold at the end of this rainbow!! Busy Busy Busy!! :)
How old were you when you learned how to french kiss? Kim: 13, Beck: 13, Pat: 26
is that for me 2?
Holy balls, that thunder was loud! Lightning and then a huge boom that scared me and the dog out of bed. completely unexpected.
woohoo! window trim is up, doors are in, moving right along.. just wish others were working outside too
Hard to believe almost this time last week we were heading down to ! We miss our vendors & friends. Happy Fri everyone!
(Oh Stephen King, I love ya, man.)
Yo, Luck.. Welcome to the team!
what other turd? I have 3 twitter accounts. Watch yer self.
I think so too “ bye camilla u kno everything on elease is REAL! now im conviced that camilla is jealous of her”
Welcome to Twitter
pound the alarm!
I might actually succeed in finishing my work if not for you crazy kids.
Thats whats up! RT : wow, just got contacted by a major label who wants us to produce a project for one of their top artists
Can't wait 'til tomorrow. I love Mondays, when I can return to my cyber world with no interruption from mortals.
RULE 1: Mutherfuckers dont care about you and your well being. Always look out for #1. You are the only person who will make sure YOU are ok
Yeah. There's always a hint of condescension in his voice. Never been a fan.
You're so nice I bet your kids could convince you to grade their own on the honor system :)
u made my literary day! ya heard? the sum of the parts is g8r than the whole
Send Your Monster Truck To Flight! With this game you can do it!
#nw living single
Lolol, thought so.
Don't forget LiLLiES also provides full service offsite #catering, as well as a lovely private room for your #parties and get-togethers!
sorry, your tweet is confusing. are you insinuating the value lies in betting on the jazz or the spurs?
Thanks for following me back. I just love your band. <3<3<3<3.
Author C. Dempsey will read from/sign his newly-published sci fi novel The Exiles of The New World on 4/20 at 6:30
Why was rose in the game when the game was won lol, looks like Indiana and Miami are the two favorites now Pacers!!
More seriously not sure where to stand on #Wikileaks admire persistence & cause but concerned less altruistic will abuse its power in future
I don't even understand how you're related to her!
Bonjour TikiDolls, youre in control of your destiny. Put your hottest shoes on and your best foot foward! Today is yours for the taking! (:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 30
Damn we got some jealous bitches in here lmao
WEMLB (What ever Major Loser Bleh!)
I wish I was still 9 years old. Mainly because that's when I was in a relationship with
so google translate is telling me he said "you're clever i love you" ????????? what
Harper goes first to third on soft single to left. 19 years old. Unreal.
Falling asleep to steady rain and rumbling thunder >>>>
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 22
Me watching melo play defense is like tipper gore watching ichi the killer
K. Dolby, 30, stabbed P. Molina, 17, in Veguita, with a knife. "It is a pointy one." he said. "I sharpen my knives a lot. I don't know why."
It's a BIG day for because she gets to meet her long time online buddy this evening in #Houston !!!
First game of the second round for the spurs. They had 8 days off nshit. Well that's what happens when we be sweeping niggas.
most people don't bc its a small town!
your Amazing,very Handsome and my favourite Actor I LOVE YOU
I knew today was significant-- it's my Dad's birthday! You'd think I'd remember since this is also the day I got baptized in 2000.
I dislike tweets that give play by play of a game. add some value, people! I can see what's happening!
text me?
That's awesome! I have to come check out your church sometime. My friend Dana Motte loves it!
#TBT today don't forget :) <3
YLA 16 is digitally enhanced! If you have a smart phone, please download a QR code reader app. It's free and will give you access to more.
going 2 go finish hw then play basketball. i pulled a muscle recently but that doesn't stop me. i've been playin 4 almost 7 years. i luv it
What details do you want to know about the exhibit?
“: “: ": Nutella is gross" what the hell is wrong with you”shut up" you first”I said shut up" and I didnt
noticed you were at Jade Monkey....follow
thanks for putting it in perspective. :)
Haha. I blame the lazy players. It's a 3 on 3 league and there were a lot of 2 in 0's and 3 in 1's.
Fixing American Education-CNN American Classrooms technology laden: Smartboards and Laptops.
I will, I'm gonna be up all night cramming
Re:Facebook changes-Facebook is becoming as bad as Netflix & George Lucas combined! It was fine the way it was, leave it alone!
How is my favorite Ben? Good day?
So yes, you too can dish out advice that you don't have to take.
give some to me, I use tons of onions.
It does seem like a cruel trick to name a Japanese man's granddaughter "Evelyn"; but then he did name me a name he couldn't pronounce.
Hi! Thanks for the follow! Are you both pursuing careers in the arts?
"I don't think there is a successful social service, except Facebook, that people early on said "this is a sure thing". Agree !
Troubleshooting Minecraft crashes with Google is a hellish nightmare of blurry youtube screencasts with bad music.
I turned my computer. Now it's updating. So slow.
time to face the devils! You ready?
This man Andre is cookin right now
Zonked after heavy bout of returns, shopping, and lunch. But there are worse ways to spend a Saturday afternoon. Thanks !
Happy birthday ! Hanging at McFad's. I have a Bud and some friends, gonna be a great day!
What a speech Pres Obama gave. He is an awesome orator.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune...
how are we doing this surprise now genius
Ah, akin to changing POV. Interesting take.
I'm not sure people understand why Suggs' ability to set the edge on runs AND rush the passer is so rare. Best in football at that combo.
Follw Back team
PSe Exclusive "The Last Of Us" Looks like uncharted meets left 4 dead
I guess there's always certain fears that never really leave us regardless of all we do to try to alleviate them.
Definitely getting my nails done tomorrow
Sneezing 20 times in a row<<<
“: Aw tell wifey I love her” I will
I am my own nap captain
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
You are what you give yourself into
at least the infographic is cool looking.
Thank you for the #ff shout out!
house ima buy. Can't tell you where it is
Me and my man been on this Nintendo 64 though all day
it's a poster, man. A freaking poster. We aren't hanging a banner for it.
Seriously! You are a little slice of heaven for the eyes. :)
oh, always my fault.
I dont like them they like ME
if I was buying a Blackberry tablet I'd need luck. This, not so much.
watching movies with the kids and eating a box of Pretzel M&M's
Your movie was absloutly amazing! You are my role moddel.<3 i cried during your movie & i cant wait to go to your concerts<3
Sure thing. Best of luck!
Have a Super-Sensational Saturday!.....Spread Love
RT : Its so hot! I should he naked!! >> me too!
trying to find Austin's schedule ... (: haha ; planning my day to meet him. My mama finally said yes. <3 hbu?
aye cutie.(; follow us ♥
im falling for u i guess. think it started at the bowling alley yesterday
I swung by yesterday for women's cycling forum (great, btw) and asked this afterwards. Told it's kindof OK as long as I don't eat
Good Morning! I LOVE YOU!
Stop with the "fat talk".Poor self body-image lead to depression & pressure to be thin.
tomorrow I work in the morning, but in the afternoon I'm free.
Luxury portfolio in Santa Fe presenting at our office meeting
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
U act like these guys are the only superstars to join forces and it drives me crazy.
Excited about seeing Tune-Yards show in SB this evening. Will it be amazing? Will it show up in my Race & Performance lecture tomorrow?
Nice to see you on twitter!
I feel like a piece
No 😔 stupid fag lol
dear #madonna. english dick is no excuse for english diction. loves you,
That is a very good article Patti! Thanks for sharing.
I wanna be right where you are...
lent is over. Learn the ways of the 'fam' Mike.
But in hindsight it was so heavily influenced by Devon Townsend that I might as well just listen to fucking Devin Townsend.
shit friday and saturday I gotta be at work 2 early...damn!!!..that's alrite I'll be wit u2 in spirit...
Definitelyy , and it works for all of his songs haha !
Fox 9 in Minneapolis saying it might be another 30 minutes? FUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Great article and photos of our event!
This week's specials: Bangkok Noodles, Chap Chae, Spicy Orange
Thanks for coming out to see us!
I had the opportunity to go to Big Woods Brewery in Nashville, wow..great food and fabulous beer! Loved the Busted Knuckle Beer!
I wish they would put the ripcord Halley's Comet on the shelf.
CNN! 28 for us
We are stoked to have two of our organizers attending next week!!
Thanks for the warning!
;). Although I never claim cheating...just mass conspiracy.
WOW in that "modeling" pic, T-2 is the spitting image of
I believe everyone does 😉 don't you?
#nms30 Checked out #ukedchat for a Euro-perspective. Mostly social, but some digital recommendations.
I think so too - what companies are you expecting the biggest moves from?
Talk about finger snapping toe tapping music; listening to Willie Bobo's "Fried Neckbones and Some Home Fries" track. HOT!!
what a fattie. come over this weekend so i can see him.
no problem? I learned quite a bit from your talk that I hope to put in to use.
Having hard time figuring out who is bigger hater joel pett and cartoon or
Let me know if you have any questions along the way! :)
Contact me!! 7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain. Enroll. www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib -douggieb
Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia #otrc And looking FABULOUS!
60 yr-old middle eastern dude beside me on flight listening to The Venga Boys on his iPod.
Well people, today is the day will kill that bill! #SOPA Keep up the pressure on your Congresspeople today.
. OK, keep it down guys. is shooting daggers our way. I don't need any more trouble right now.
Heading out to the bars tonight? Send us your bar tweets via twitter.
You can get a Jalapeno Tuna footlong for $5 OR you can get a 6" Tuna, drink and your choice of side for just $5. #SUBWAY for lunch!
Block the sun (even though it's a bit cloudy), not the fun! Visit the Santa Rosa Medical Center ‘Pit Crew’ after s show!
Follow my new page it got hacked!
I'm pretty sure #Acquia connector / search is brilliant, installed Apache Solr & Facets API today with very few issues.
Chillin with the bros
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. Socrates
keep up the + energy.It's contagious ;)
tell Dr Sha I said hello please.
<3'd the campfire songs on last nights episode!! Future little singers ;) Adorable
Offering free product to Octomom is a risky PR strategy. Very opportunistic & inappropriate. Wrong message for any brand.
There's no salsa tonight! So it's going to be Suzie Homemaker and gym rat for me!
I made cake batter popcorn last night, And my coworker made red velvet cupcakes. Such a balanced diet we have
laying here in a tent.... in my backyard <333 haha oh how I can't wait for summer!!!!!!!(:
Can't believe he just said that...
I have Brooke and Pics will be taken of me during my presentation.
A big THANK U to the beautiful Coo for being the first supporter of my documentary! Thank u Leti, you will be remembered ;-)
According to Utah State is on it's way to the Mountain West Conference.
Driving down Maryland Prkwy these days reminds me of being back home on the dirt roads
All I want is a simple relationship with non-fighting.
haha, that's what I get for talkin & textin
That whole episode was brutal. And they're already having issues!
Awesome. Great start to my summer. This better not be a preview of how it's gonna be...
It would be close. I think we would beat you if Tbone was pitching. He shut down everyone and only pitched against the best.
at school being bored during math in the computer lab.....
Good call!
I can't get my bacon to come out the way it does at the diner.
I've gotten so much done tonight... but I still have so much to do .
I know you're not talking to me! :P
The good news? Found those conference proceedings you were looking for. The bad news? They're on...laser disk.
or maybe it was the bird flu. I don't remember. All I know is that I got really sick, really fast.
- what's the issue at Thomas Dale? My son was a student there last year.
LAUREN:Why do they call it Homework? KAILYNN:Because you work on it. At home. LAUREN:Hey , I never thought of it that way!!!!! :)
what is the matter with h are u sick ??? Like yoyo ONE DIRECTION is the best nigga
The only #World Series played btwn St. Louis' two teams, the Browns (AL) and Cardinals (NL), began today in 1944.
Making me jealous is not cute.
I mean you can ignore me its totally cool.
Ditto! I got the same message from ur account.
Video chatting ! Can't wait to be home and see her :)
Don't make this easy, I want you to mean it.
37 schools are either cancelled or delayed today. Check out wisn.com (I don't remember delays due to cold when I was a kid :)
Yes!! Hey gurrll!!
wish i wasn't so damn far away! Tell Dave to take u to the keys! :)
A thing of beauty and strangeness: my copy of Anne Carson's NOX has arrived (thx to fearless ).
"The fundamental question of social business: "What are you trying to solve for?" -
The only person who knows how Caylee ended up rotting in a swamp is free to live her "Beautiful Life"
Time for a New Avi
There's nothing like being woken up out of a drunken slumber by a floor buffing machine right outside your door.
Hell yeah. Stupid bitch don't know how to leave my fuckin boyfriend alone. You know who I'm talkin bout! Lmao
Wise man.
Join us in Detroit,Mi on June 26th and 27th at Mt Moriah Christian at 6pm 26th & 12845 W Chicago on 27th at 1pm
pretty sure cuse studied some film...
Not a bad crowd, after all, at game. Although I will not guess, since I am summarily awful at such things.
We took our kidz!
Isn't that a great building? My whole family stayed there before my wedding last year and they loved it!
Chris McCray? On the odd timing...
evil teachers !!!
Minnesota Vikings: Drafted Rookies Receive Their New Numbers
Salmon and macaroni and cheese for our late lunch, since we had a late breakfast!
Digster on . Your banner ads are still promoting Mother's day.
He tends to avoid these questions even when she is curious, not accusatory
ah someone is stalking us lol no but mine sounds like someone is trying to brake through my fence
Disco remix of the smiths?
Going home to take Ziggy to animal control. Here's to hoping they're better at finding him a new home than I was!
#Mavs cannot stop Russ/KD #Lakers and #Thunder will be second rd matchup. Should be a good one
Hungry for some donuts dont you ever just crave something whats your sweet cravings? I'm talking food here...
Hiya Haley -- just got back from Old Main!
Kohl said Skiles is one of the best coaches in the league. Excited to come back because we didn't get to playoffs so we're not satisfied
People dont go on twitter alot...
These two finals papers<<<
so awake at 5 am :P
yah u r finally using twitter is this kair or linda
Damn straight Adele!!! You deserve every bit of your success!!!
At the pepsi center ready for some #avs saw manny corpus in the gift shop
When i'm in the pool and I try to do a hair flip like Ariel and i look like a penguin with a neck spasm. ♥
I saw that she follows you! Lucky haha she's awesome, she has a great voice :p
Wondering how many of my tax $$ will be paying for the 440,000 people in immigration custody this year. $95/day/person adds up...
How are navel piercings more socially acceptable than nose rings? It's like, that is a navel; you used to be attached to your mom with that.
Can you ask Will Wheaton to forgive me, he misunderstood Shut your cake hole.
ditto! PS I have a morkie and I'm taking the photo of ur dog you posted to my groomer. Literally need that exact cut on my dog!
RT : perhaps booking a ticket to Really thinking about it. ATL, should I come out? <- Yeah, you should. RT this, ATL!
i hope follows me she is very beautiful and talented :)
"Dream big and Dream Fierce!" great advice from Viola Davis as she accepted her SAG Actor Award for Best Actress.... words to live by!!
How about tomarrow? I think im done on my other one for tonight..(: I want to talk to her for the rest of the night
no, and oh how I wish I had.
These are a few of my favorite things.
Ah good choices! Kelly's or O'Niells
Hahaha wheres my friend bernie madoff when im in need for a get rich quick scheme
Thanks for the RT
#MyPastRelationships Forever Alone.
We are giving away cupcakes! Come to the family stage! 14th and Pennsylvania!
the. One on druid hills and clairmont
hey killer
omg, no haha i'm not like that. I appreciate everyone that tweets me :), thank you <3 you are too!
First tuck in roll with gabes new jeep
i told him 2 check out the yelp app
Can someone please explain to Me what a fucking carburetor is?
Now for Buffy Hamilton!
ur always stealing my lines!
Nothin is Ever as It seems ; like When im Far too tired To Fall asleep
Black toe/nail please go away so I can workout!
Great to hear, thanks Kalie! RT Oh how I love So easy!
I see all the Tebow haters are back on the 4 letter sports network, I guess the tebow honeymoon is over right?Wait 'till the next T"Victory"
What bands should play with on the west coast?
I've run 5Ks and been running at least 1-2 days a week for about 2 years, but never more than like 6 miles at a time
lol. I can see that.
Thanks for the follow.
Woohoo! RT Bald Faced Truth radio show broadcasts live today from Chiles Center 3-6 pm 95.5 FM, prior to Pilots-USF game
all i had to do was retweet a tweet :]
Got to see my family today!!!! I really miss them and if it wasn't for school I would be there
doodle with your toes...in the sand!
you need to Follow for 100 new followers
LOL! ": Me and the new Mike Lowery and Marcus Graham. Ladies, respect is, and respect us. Sleep w/ us if you must!"
Joe Paterno may not be the only reputation going down in flames tonight
can't say nothin back you unfollowed
you are so much better and drawing on that game than me! Tell me your secret! Your lobster was so cute haha!
#astd10 human beings have always been social learners. All that's new is the enabling, extending, enhancing technologies.
#Don'tcallmeif ur juss gonna get mad 4 nothing nd start bitching like seriously bro don't
I have the worst head cold today, but works gotta be done
nice wheels, saving the mini van for Andrew?
I'm such a pack rat when it comes to anything my Grandma and Grandpa have given me. :(
Sick of people giving me attitude for no reason.. fucking idiots.
"hey guys, JC Caylen here um i just wanted to make a quick video to tell you that to smile, cause um youre beautiful. " <3
I'm sitting in front of you.
In '08-'09 San Diego saw declines in juvenile arrests in every offense category EXCEPT status offenses - NOT crimes if committed by adults.
Hello Hello TikiDolls! The sun is shining in Miami! But where ever you are, don't let the weather determine your productivity! (:
despite what you may think, i am not in a dance crew
NO NO I'M SORRY :(
im addicted to tetris!
there was no Hashtag in that last one..
#Facebook is starting to get too much spam, especially with those pictures that you are supposed to like.
This is why I love Nadal... dude is the ultimate warrior
When does Bautista's contract expire with Toronto? He would be an awesome addition to this Twins team, if for the home games alone.
dude yeah! It really is
Hate being up so early. I just wanna sleep
“#thingsisaidinthe90s "bubblegum bubblegum in a dish, how many pieces do you wish!"” haha
I hope you had a nice day and hope you find something good for dinner. :)
just ordered a new guitar, an les paul traditional pro in wine red, cant wait to play it!
was thinking earlier that this was the kind of match that last year Fed would have lost.
Nothing is written, everything is re-written.
hey how much for a new haircut? lol me n need it
Good night all! Thank you and all you wonderful ladies! Have a great night
i wonder how would look in a bandana :D random thought
yea cool
#postseason #Brewers will have #BeastMode tonight, because #RallySquirrel is on their side!
Who would you guys like to see on a Super Rad Show?
It was already rejecting! But I was in my pilates class and laying down on the pillow & I had to turn and I felt it rip out :(
- please don't do anything more to make 's head any bigger #wishful :)
Friday off. So my weekend starts right about now.
had some great meetings yesterday about volume 2 excited to start recording soon...
Passions tonight? M sounds like a plan 😍
Its funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to myself, I dont know what to do.
Bwi to pdx 4 a weekend reunion with um si and wmu ladies. Stock up on the red wine portland.
las vegas
i just love :'D
and remarkably my PS3 is working within 7 minutes of my tweet. if this is you anonymous, i'm glad you're not an enemy of mine.
#barves has been around for awhile - couple seasons now. Why is it just getting noticed?
PSU situation reminds me of that old saying; "Absolute power corrupts absolutely." Especially as they play Ohio State today.
Relaxing after a great day of climbing. Motivated to get back in the game!
after a full but fun wkend of M-Day activities, it's back to the craziness that is our spring schedule. Plates are in the air & spinning
dc had a kickball team that won the title last year. That counts..right?
Sure! I was going to bring some back for my office stash. Do you have a particular brand you like? :)
What is more valuable - viewing games that leagues create or creating and managing these games as a captain?
you should be able to know who's flagging/trying to delete your posts/ads on CraigsList.
HAHA oh dude, I feel so sorry for you man. Hey it could be worse, you could be coding a static site in Portuguese...lmao
Jay-Z and 50 Cent both released addictive Facebook games earlier this week...Rapper Zynga has yet to comment on the upcoming beef.
Big difference between winning home games in February and pulling out scissors.
it's ,not hope. And it's ,not heel
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee & Bell St behind the JUB! NOW! ***
hello, my screen shows that we are following you? Let me know if I need to delete and follow again. thanks for the message:-)
Birthday dinner tonight - Nitty Gritty with the Fam.
I didn't notice that until now. Fuck it
Fewer than I had hoped. I was unable to get away. Bill Lack will be there; only one I know for sure. I'll be at the next one.
Well it ain't that I'm crazy baby, I'm just outta my head.
Good Luck In your featherweight debut...im sure you'll be at the top of that division..
Very cool and creative! Must have taken some time, too. cc
Why didn't we let them secede again?
i just laughed out loud. lol
AGREE! RT : Tweet silence. No comment. Bleep. #oldschool and looking for remote control.
Any baseball fans out there? Opening Day is just around the corner...
I wanna see it... Hah what is it of?? Send me a picture!
Hopefully they got it running again, or at least could give a good report about what is wrong with it.
Woot! I was hoping you'd catch that!
Grant just asked me to turn up "Another One Bites the Dust".
i cant log in it forgot the password
Reading the autobiography of Robert M. Lafollette. How we need a man like him in these troubled times.
wow it is difficult promoting my guests day in and day out ... but they have such great info for others... still it takes a lot out of me
oh, I hear ya there. My first time against it was a gamebreaker for me. I grinded through the missions again and overpowered it!
... fixed it ... file needed the ".gdiagramstyle" extension .. not sure if it's on my end or something with the downloadable...
Great. I look forward to reading it. Signed up to get notified when the ebook is available.
Preventing Manufacturing Downtime: Survey Results and Best Practices - IndustryWeek
Wtf.. 42 cops are in the office
GREAT DAY FIRST PLACE in home dance FIRST PLACE in extreme routine SECOND PLACE in cheer ALL IN FRESHMAN DIVISION
u r moving? I didn't know that. Hav been swamped @ wrk.
Chairs are an awful awful invention. Can I get them banned?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
So true! Being from Illinois, we know sweet corn only tastes right on hot summer days when you know it came from a farm stand!
Not tryna be ignorant but how do girls in full hijabs that cover half their face, recognize each other?
I have to he best dad ever .
jus came from the golden corral.. dont do anything this weekend
": I think I need to hit the gym... #fitness" =My Life #iWorkOut :-P
no ma'am. I assume you mean Rhino Media out of Pennsylvania. #blogchat Is that right?
sunglasses, check! SPF, check! Yoga mat, check! Ugh maybe I should've bought a sombrero!
It's a #fishtacos kind of day, dontcha think?
An enhancer gives slate a deeper, richer, color.
If you want your life changed, unplug the internet!
im out but it was E5
Vista Comm Clinic rep says its important to take prevention message to social media sites - where kids are already talking to each other.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :)6
I would love to know where "The Id" is also... did a very cursory Google search with no obvious results.
I don't think that came out right.
MI GURL JUST CALLED ME N TOLD ME SGE DEEP THROUTED FOR THIS FIRST TIME WTF HAHA
thank you - love the train - pretty in CT :) is that where you are ?
On a scale of fun, 1=worst, 10=best, the level of fun right now is totes 18. (At Least an 18). Make change indeed. :--D
Learning how to use my new Kindle - thanks for sharing your new book!
Yeah, that too. Classic case of two many toys and too little time. I still need to replace the winch cable that I snapped.
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there�s always a person who wouldn�t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Any good tools out there for mapping Sprites? I am on a Mac
Sweet! I need some group energy to get me back in the saddle.
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is that no one runs in your family.
I'm at Runway Boutique for another hour, come & say hi! 807 N. La Brea
The posers are running wild today
Crackheads fighting on tremont street. Its all fun and games until someone loses a rock.
I love listening to music i just wish I could hang out with the singer or singers :-)
I have a big ass knot in my neck muscle. It fucking hurt. Im pissed.
Headin to the liquor store wen we leave here.....we turnin up today
now THAT i want to see.
I really liked tonight. In my book, there aren't many things that a greater than staying up until 5 talking with friends.
Female Developers overview was overlooked...Due to time? Missing good stuff!
Another awesome workout with Kirsten this morning, ensuring a strong Thursday start. Love having a solid team & training partner!
the Chicago Bears are hurt by your lack of respect for them!!
lmao no I would've definitely replied to them! Which ones do you have?
Family ? Lmao right . What a Birthday weekend.
Catch me live as the Boomer/Old school humor invades the Tempe, AZ Improv May 12-15
RT : The Best Albuquerque Restaurant Now Serves the Best Albuquerque Beer: Get Green Marble IPA with your Green Chile at...
hit me up:)
Awesome app! RT : Hanging out with developing apps and mashups at
I'm already planning the curriculum for our Twittorial. We have a lot of material to cover. Marty will have to wait.
The Mets and Yankees are off tonight. I will watch Rangers hockey when I get home tonight. The Playoffs just go on and on.
you should just get up and turn up the volume on the TV then shoot a mean look at the karaoke singer
FOLLOWBACK =) YOUR TURN ♥
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME!
should be, but probably won't be. I'm always surprised they're not included in 100 greatest band lists. Underrated and overlooked.
Day of JD (Jury Duty).
ehh not so good. more like levitt than beckham.
Harry Potter fans visit magical world of Hogwarts as film studio opens: Thousands of Harry Potter fans queue to ..
Just in case you were wondering, spending the night in the Baltimore airport is NOT fun. Even if filming a tv show is in progress..
// after the feature, it's official that your house is equally as cute as you!
I love it when im right in math :) In your face Jackie :p
. Does anyone needed tickets for Saturday and Monday's olympic qualifiers?
Is there anything better than All You Can Eat Wings Night at The Lube? We think not.
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
RT : Having a blast with my brother, sister in law, and cousins watching the Mavericks!!!
Tax the Rich, Feed the Poor, Stop the War
lemme eat it!
The idea that the Nuggets match up better with OKC is silly. OKC would have swept them.
But it's alright because I love the way you lie... Love the way you lie...
Haha right? Poor guy lmao RT : loved that Tebow love bounty piece. all the NY/NJ girls are meeting up to form a plan of attack
Now in DH little magazines panel.
Deep and lasting love is unconditional, expansive and ever giving. Like the light of the Sun which always shines. Happy Loving-kindness day.
That man BAD!!
oh ok. & maybe he was 2 shy or something 2 ask u out
Lol, Camilla is a bad bitch!
Good game
please follow me Niall's beautiful mother! :))
You're not ur past. You're a limitless future.
Kelly Clarkson is a good singer sometimes I never even think about listening to her and then when I do I think she is
I'm just loving it. I love the lack of sarcasm and eye rolling and snarkiness... yet it's still very smart.
Done! Best Wishes,
that is a very reasonable question especially w/Guti coming back in June.
Happy International Women's Day!
And you could have it all, My empire of dirt
Being in Love is the best! When both parties feel the same.
No experience in your life is ever wasted or in vain if you give all your cares to the Lord. - via Joyce Meyers!
Tweet me your instagram name.
Sometimes I enjoy the cool sensation of an untouched pillowcase and sometimes I'm grossed out b/c I know it's drool that cooled the cloth.
watching "the ten commandments" on my cell phone. Pious or sacreligious?
and thanks back at ya for the #FF mention.
RT #FreeCupFriday! RT this message and be entered to win a set of "New Moon" collectors cups from Cinemaworld in Melbourne!
Well, maybe April showers bring May showers? Hmm...
Strategic, open-ended teams in museums resemble project mgmt structures, without the project to realize. Everyday collaboration.
move. now. #yourneverleaving .........
alright alright if its more or around 7 then you win. Yeah, I'm pretty good at catching people just being cocky. Mostly because
thats the plan.
had fun tonight! Nice seeing you !
Van 1 on the road to start our last rotation. Neil Young blaring on the radio.
nothing much
haha night boo! :-*
happy birthday!
that would be my guess, and if anything valet is a net benefit b/c suburbanites don't have to worry about finding parking
I really don't care for her anymore. She is a selfish whore.
- No worries! Topic is #Jewelry doll! #TrendsTues! xox
Wish Granted.
Tennessee/georgia border = breakfast
From now on I will only communicate on Facebook in "likes"
Loved you in consert in Fairfax,VA this past weekend!!!! Best night of my life!! But I wanted #Supernatrual ;)
dude everytime i think about spanish class freshmen year with holmquist i think about you...you were too funny
I like Frommer's because it focuses on more unique places. I check Trip Advisor to see what people say about hotels and restaurants.
I have a website if you still looking for beats!!
I don't make Japanese curry. But look at just bento (blog) maybe?
US manufacturing indicates economic growth of 4% whilst Euro ...
This is correct. Sorry for any confusion. RT : #builtheritage chat is next wednesday, i am told. just an fyi. :)
...and entering into #WHM has been a true adventure too. Im not sure I get exactly HOW #R is 'celebrating' women. crap
Mad it took till the 4th game to pick up a W but it's better then the 7th like last year.
#Bartab is having #FREE #drink sends tomorrow from 12pm-5pm! Go sending crazy!
Not me
oh bull that was one time!
if i'm going down you're all going down with me
yeah. I used Turbo for the first time this year - previously used Tax Act. But Turbo was 3x the cost of Tax Act.
hahaha. Yes you are!!
cause sg is lame haha :-p
a son wats good, i know you aint cut us off ova this lil blu shyt..... this shyt dnt got nothin to do wit me slim hit me asap
Who's watching hurricane season on BET??
really, cause when i click her account it keeps saying that :(
I hate that dehydrated feeling
the point in the semester where I go to class to distract myself from reading
Your dignity smells nice.
Love your Massiveness this year. And to think you started with just the #NUFC match...
WHY WOULD YOU THINK SINGING, LET ALONE SINGING LIKE A 1930S RECORDING, IS APPROPRIATE IN A COFFEE SHOP?
my friends asked me what i wanted for my birthday. i told them i wanted :p :p
I just noticed that my mom at work
This 2 shall pass
Do you think it could actually happen? The very idea just seems unthinkable.
May God Bless & take care of them all!
what was it? My money is on girl....
Loved that everyone brought their puppies to the EBA office today!
Stat of the day - Randy Wolf 5-0 in his last 6 starts.
Good cause i cant sleep lol! What are you up too?
Evening Ashley .. Are U Ready For the Game #3 Tonight? How was your day?
RT : will everything be on sale..... // well we can't give everything away now can we?
ALCOHOL: because no great story ever starts with "someone eating a salad...."
It's funny how much things can change in a few days
"Hey can I borrow a pencil?" "Yeah, but it doesn't have an eraser" "Life doesn't have an eraser" "That was deep.."
Healthcare providers with workflow that include 'taking checks to bank' or 'tallying credit card swipes'- we can automate it all
I used to pop in #AnimalTracks on , but I'm realizing can have cuter pics. :)
Scanner Monitor: I-70 and 6th medical call driver in seizure drove off the ramp. Watch for emergency vehicles.
Contemporary Staffing Solutions is now a happy to be part of SHRM National and SHRM Jacksonville. www.contemporarystaffing.com
If he makes it to the final, I figure the knee is OK. In that case, I pick Rafa to break the Djoker losing streak.
I am so tried and stressed out~BAMM.
Cinco De Mayo Special: Shot of Hacienda Chihuahua de Reposado $4.5 (while supplies last). Bottle of Dos Equis and a shot of tequila $5.50.
I'm actually frightened
Two people i miss the most and You guys are always there for me! I really love and miss you guys. #Loveyouguys
Normal person flirting: Hey sexy Me flirting: If you were a carrot.....you'd be a good carrot.
it was good seeing you :). Bonus points for the Madame X order!
RT : u kno it bro.. done dat now... only herbs now · proud of you my twigga
RT When I see a pile of sh*t.
just watched lucky one with and I am madly in love once again! thank you
It's doing really well. No bad seats for this show. We'd be happy to help!
So who's watchin
Waving at you, Joy K. passing Tri-cities...TN mid AM
My family is the Abdallah family from Beir Nabala, West Bank, #Palestine. I will make oil from the fruit of our olive trees one day.
Turn to Stone my fave song.
Get in. RT : Who's a genius, gritty, crazy film maker in NYC? We need to make some music videos
any update on the status of the concert tonight?
wth Are you talking about! I hate lady gaga! I dont care what you say or anybody else!!!!
but a cat lives 9 times.....
grow up
where are you and WTF are you doing now??
like... whatever
That was an odd ending to the game in Philly. But I love the outcome - win 5th straight!
A belated thanks for the #FF and thanks for including us!
Thanks! I'm so glad you like it! Finding the right products takes time. Believe me, I know. I'm sure you will figure it out! :)
thank you! Hope to see you soon!
This is the part of me, that you're never ever gonna take away from me
that is the truth! Either find happiness or move on!!
Concert today, very excited :)
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet. ~ Victor Hugo
TBL 5 stars of linked data: * Make your stuff available on web ** make it available as structured data (eg. excel instead of scan)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTINN
Full of shit so early in the morning.
I've been thinkin the same thing lately, hook it up then! Lol!
I'm singing this Sunday at M Bar. 7pm. Reservations: 323-856-0036. Are you coming? :)
Nate sounds professional on the radio
Stop it.
The lines Buildin Up!! #TAKEOVER Is about to Begin!! NO COVER CHARGE all nite! THE Sunday Nite place to be! See you here!
I'm ready for a party!
#IfSheCant make the toppy sloppy - she's just another bogus head giver
#FacebookTimeline is officially rolling out to the general public! Have you received an invite yet?
Don't Like Her Hoe Ass .
When you tell someone something and they say "I'll pray for you"... I wonder how many people ACTUALLY do??
"Give me some" is all I hear. Only if I was petty I'll leave ya for dead but it's the God in me that holds me down.
Join me Baby J & for the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Elida & Stampede
You're gonna regret you left me.
WOW-----____-----Cassidy is in our TA Air BAnd Challenge!
definitely let us know about future events as well! Of course this would be the first time we aren't #anonymous! :)
Well said, Mr. Michael. ;-)
"Dumb it down and round up" -Kevin Doohan
I would've been especially disappointed if a flight to Bostonvia was canceled; it would be so hard to book in the first place.
Thanks for the follow!
I know come run some aloe Vera on my back :-I
Maybe cause he plays no matter what, nose splashed across his face, broken thumb, high ankle, RESPECT IT
Forest Park dictating how this game will b played early vs Potomac. Stalled to bring potomac out of man to man
Well cause I'm going to Saturday market with Dakota & her bb. Rollin joints & sittin at the waterfront?
I'm not a star somebody lied
Stop, where did you buy this?
I full on melted to pieces the other night....cried for like 3 hours. f the visa. ya know!?
FREE Killer Menu Tasting at midnight . Who else is in? :) RT : Anyone else going to at midnight?
We love Nancy Wilson !!
Happy birthday to yo ,happy birthday to you , happt birthday mother monster happy birthday to you i love you
RT : You know what I love? Buttons. What, does everything I write have to be so damn clever?
lucky! I want to go soo bad:(
So, why does turning convo to politics make everyone digress into the intellect and logic of a 5 year old?
At the vinyl frontier panel! Hope they talk about some #vinylmation!!
Cool! Thanks! RT : Red Tails ustream got moved to 5:30pm now. I don't want to miss it :-)
Congrats and welcome to the neighborhood!
“When you’re a kid, they tell you it’s all… Grow up, get a job, get married, get a house, have a kid, and that’s it. But the truth is, (1)
Sometime our blessings in life come early .. sometimes they come late.. but there always on time...
Patriots or Giants?
My mom litsens to the gayest music EVER! Ima call it suckfest on ice
Bears were regarded as ritual kin, kept in pens inside family homes for several years, culminating in a carnivalesque bear festival...
There is a lovely article in the Metro today. Thank you to Jaime Lutz
Anybody dating?
#NataliePortman rapping has more #StreetCred than anything will ever have.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
it's all on soundcloud, which I have been listening to all day. It's really great, no?
thank you!!! Do you have an #iPhone?
Wow... Missed one day an got so much make up work not gonna do it tho
The music don't feel so loud when the windows are down <3 (;
I just uploaded some new fantastic jewelry! www.dirtyslaundry.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING/DELIVERY IN RENO!
had my first blissage75 and triple oxy facial today! I'm. In. Heaven.
20% off celeb fragrances and 50% off select goodies at Perfumania. Good time to try something new!
Bottom 5 in almost every category having to do with HITTING. Just standing at plate & taking BBs doesnt win games.
Anyone know of a good scanner that works well with Mac OS? I am so tired of my current setup.
got a hamster to use in shows.
Beautiful Thursday night... Delight us with your company ... Have a great puccia everybody!!
I do not want you to get raped at this time of night!
Am I the only 1 that still feel drunk
I ain't even lying 😉
gonna go to sleep! tweet me ideas i can do for this page like imagines GTS anything like that! thanks guys :) -Melanie
you mean the grass.. um.. the nuts are always nuttier on the other side..?
Wheels up to Atlanta. Ft lauderdale bound
Hi Andrew! Anyway we could chat via email or phone? I have a great new idea I'd like your opinion/write-up on..LMK, thanks!
Man I wish #ArizonaWildcats was playing in the #NCAA tournament but they probably would of lost in the first round like last night ugh.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours 35
Don't be an outcast, get the new Agora Forte album! Available on iTunes, Amazon and more.
This Food Contains 100 TIMES More Probiotics than a Supplement: If you've never eaten fermented foods before, too large a portion may...
Is it ok for a man to have home girls if he is dating a new girl? Do you think he has had sex with his home girls? Is it disrespecful?
Shut up, the Bears actually have a player now who can catch the ball?
As I call it a day here, I'm praying that God uses , & the rest of the India team right now in a big way
Confession #6: I'm single, and I love it.(:
"I'm like a bird i wanna fly away!!!!" love this song Baha
Just walked through a spider web. Hello spring!
Hahaha it was close! I feared him entering the inning
: Of course, there's a good AND a bad kinda crazy. Go with the good...
Thank you for being bold and brave. You didn't have to do it. I'm sure the GOP wasn't counting on the gay vote. GOP take notes.
Thanks a million, Juan!
How is it that your back pockets touch? Smh
So excited for your Game App I learned about at #aam2012 to come out. I want to work with the lines & colors!!
I really don't feel good.
Im always Rollin at bill cosbys face when alvin messes up wit Sandra lmao
The weekend went by too fast, but it was fun. Spent it with thee boys. #funnyguys #scrubs # drunks
you have turbo a bath?
hey mike it is ChloefanAlways i have a new account my other i deleted follow me on this 1 ok follow me whrn you get this.
jack is looking money! Like always! You too Maria!!!
it's all about pittsburgh music if you disagree SHOOT YASELF
Good morning :-] back to writing essays :-(
Gotta be home by 8? What kind of bullshit is that dad? Am I 12?
Goodnight texts <33
Some people just arent nice at all!! They act like theyve never talked to someone they havent met before!
Merry Christmas
can I be Thomas's girlfriend? C:
good now you have to put at the end of all your tweets and tell all your friends to do the same
And here we go.
alvin & the chipmunks was so cute!!!I live theodore!!!!
stupid kids.
The Truth why Former Jewish Zionist Mayor Koch and the Orthodox Jews Won the Seat in District 9 is that They Hate Palestine and Muslims!
You're so perfect omg.(': <3
that would be a somewhat shortened version for those with ADD
Maria & Derek up after the break! woot!
whistler rocks. Also check out barrelhouse flat, in Lincoln Park, and Curio if Ryan is working.
It's not worth it to call someone names or call them out on their bad decisions. it wont make you any better at anything.
Tours are booking up fast for this wknd. 5 booked on Sat-some avail's left & pretty open on Sunday Funday, grab the Groupon & book a tour!
follow hashtag #DMSWOSU for the Digital Media in a Social World conference, forgot to include that.
ireland v USA "live-ish" on ABC....Ireland, Ireland together standing tall..
G.M.N.I.: *looks in the mirror*...Why are you afraid of me?
Scary good. That Astros team had Nolan Ryan and John Rodney. Health issues way too early.
Merry Christmas!
okay, how do I do "it?"
hey Lee thank u very much,i really appreciate it
We keep getting lucky, Denver...it's another fabulous patio day and we have $5 pitchers of red or white sangria!!
Banged out a new VO demo reel
I just entered my first A records in DNS. (Getting custom domain mapping set up for LibCal and LibAnswers.)
Hulk smash me in my mouth with your mouth. KISS ME. LOL I love her XD
I'm proud of you
Join HIP HOP STAR TONIGHT at for the COLORAZZI 3 year Anniversary Party w/ B-Day Boy !
Also joining us tonight at are and !! 11pm free show!
I did find out I weigh 138...not too happy about that.
LOL Isn't that a great quote? Thanks for the RT, Kat :-)
All you need is Love, Jk.. Oxygen helps too!"
Peep this!!!! WEAR RED TODAY IN SUPPORT OF WARNESS OF HEART DISEASE!!<3 HAPPY Friday by the wayy(:
um 14 but my birthday is in 2 weeks AND YES I KNOW I AM REALLY YOUNG but I don't look like it. How about you?
TX Home & Garden Market opens THIS Friday @ 2pm - Reliant Center. Attendees receive a "goodie bag" at entry full of Coupons, Prizes & more!
Big thanks to you too John! RT : Thank you for following!
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
#dsoc you can also search.twitter.com using #slaleads for tweets from the mtg
i don't say this often, but damn it feels good to clean the day away.
I must sound like a total n00b to European folks, but I'm losing my mind over here, over Spotify streamed to AppleTV over AirPlay. Cripes.
#ucrADPchat RT : Role plays/mock interviews are great - but prep yourself! Outline strengths , accomplishments, goals and WHY
that's wassup ": cool, I got two , I'm suppose to be getting my sleeve this summer"
When did Kirk Cameron become a bigot?
Make sure to get out and follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!
Yeah, but that doesn't matter much. Still getting on base as much as AmRam. BABIP will regress to mean.
he looks so happy with a yard
New south park tonight. I like it.
Bad headache = Angry mood.
I know I should feel bad but I just feel relieved.
Last day of CMA Fest for us...more shows at Wildhorse, Cadillac Ranch & Hard Rock Stage. Come by our booth at Hard Rock and say hi!
Working more on Hide and Seek.
Well played sir, well played. I take solace from Maya Angelou: While one may encounter many defeats, one must not be defeated
I think I'm already in summer mode, tbh.
she pulled them down, yes lol violated T_T
happy easter Austin :D
I just want to say I send all my friends messages in event invites. So they are not party invites. And trust.If I write you its worth it! TY
and are so cute :) and yes the Disneyland corndogs are so good!
yo are you gonna be at the gamejam this weekend? And if so, is everyone hanging in a centralized location?
Silly Sara, cupcakes go in your mouth! (Right, Shelley? That's where they go, right?)
Always make sure the bearing. The world does not lie on your shoulders, it lies at your feet.
Just won't conform to the Mariners' code!
MorningJoke: Son: Mom why is my cousin names Diamond? Mom: Cause your aunt loves diamonds. Son: What about me!? Mom: Enough questions Dicky!
What order would you put these in? a. Food quality b. protein c. Calories
": Im done fighting for you... if you cant realize by now... then its no point"
Please stop being loud and obnoxious....you're not being funny. Just annoying.
Wow. Thank you, Crystal. That's really nice of you to say. Hope you're doing great, Ma'am.
FACT OF LIGHT: We must always find a way to be kind to unkind people - - - because they need it the most...
See you in Tampa!
The original H. NWO 4 life
Fritz Lang anti-Nazi marathon ended partway through Hangmen Also Die with my falling asleep, in my clothes, on a pile of clothes.
text me!
been a fan of yours since Let Me Blow Ya Mind in '01, continue to hold strong and keep the faith. You're 1 of my favs!
A big shout out to University HS!
ruhroh mate;another broken viewer synergy here Mek? U just announce c facebook bout new psn store probs? not found? thx
thanks lady!! I'll check Zagat out.
where is Wendy on here?
Really! I was actually thinking about using that brand next! Thanks!
“: hahahah! YES! I'm an extra giant in this photo” I never know what to do in those situations
so are my tears
Or a fan favorite...BRAISED SHORT RIB, Goat cheese mash, baby carrots, natural jus
If you are still in Miami was seeing if anyone of his fans were out tonight.
Are you adept at chopsticks? Try it out. They help you to eat slower, which allows you to feel fuller, more quickly.
TRUTH RT “: I should know better than to fall for your type.” why did god make ass holes so. damn. attractive??
still fighting for you
“: Sometimes just listening to Tame Impala makes me feel high." They're amazing, can't wait for the new album!
oh I didn't know that. I am showing my love. For the Celtics.
so I missed you on Tennessee mornings yesterday. My niece was being born. But hey now I can teach her to be a fan of yours(:
Just heard the MVP chant from the crowd on the Cardinals broadcast. They are in Pheonix tonight.
please god tell me that's a joke
great job bro!
I'll be blasting Beastie's on the way home from #TheLighthouseJukebox. #RIPMCA. You'll be missed deeply by many.
Ha!! My grandma in Waycross, GA used to say, "I'm gonna cut yo liver, I'mo cut the blood!"
The football eye candy..good. gawwwwwd
“: Zach sound like he ate a bowl of nails for breakfast... with no milk. lmao” lmao!!!!!!
Thanks for RTs, follows, and the like
ditto! Rooting from san diego!
Please pray for my recovery from bronchitis and good health for my family. Need health insurance, work. Paying dr visit & meds=$$.
awesome seeing you! safe travels!
Amazing opening ceremonies & key note...now for the first round of breakout sessions. Yeah!!! # shrmnm2012
I know like geez! Hahahaha
boston i love u!!!!! ur my home! can't wait till the parade! im wicked stoked!!!!! proud bostonian! :D
Welcome to all of our new followers! Thanks and spread the word! It's a great day for coffee, everybody!
Harry Potter - if you haven't read the book it wont make much sense and if you have read the book stay home - it's disappointing VERY
i wanted to go to that - DAMN work no M83 for ME
:) I dunno, did I? xD kekeke
you never asked me...
To all radio djs maybe its time to stop playing party rock anthem on constant repeat
No Mercy still great though RT : The worst Ti albums are No Mercy then Ti Vs Tip cus something got to be the worst
Happy Black Friday Pittsburgh! Our deals today: Free Dermalogica gift with purchase & buy a Premier Salon $100 gift certificate for $85!
as the motto says: "Find your strong". Have a good run.
This scares me.....and I'm not afraid of anything.
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
"learn a shocking discovery"? FUCK YOU, HULU DESCRIPTION OF COUGAR TOWN.
If a girl has a wall up, it’s because it was built.. brick by brick, lie after lie and heartbreak after heartbreak.
What’s your favorite #restaurant in #DaytonaBeach?
Where the f has been all my life?!
Imma bouta go H.A.M hard as a mf let these niggas know who i am.
I just got pulled over by a LAPD motorcycle cop. They just hating.
Waking up in the morning is the hardest part of my day
and we hope you change your mind at some point in time!!!! We will start the morning off with Polynesian music as always!!!
All 3 U.S. indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results. #Dow adds 1.5%. #Nasdaq rises 2.3%, S&P up 1.8%
get fucked up on this beautiful Nebraska day. You swimming today?
The wife just sent me a text that she is going to Target to pick up A Single Man
midnight following spree?? :)
#6ShotsRadio w & COMING SOON!
Angel Erica and Angel mom Samantha did a great job educating the press
Sorry about that last tweet. Logged in to the wrong account!
Is something going on with Verizon in #Columbus ? Phone is acting up bad pissing me off
What a beatiful sunrise...I love spring
Yea, I believe it's called Mud Bug
nah I haven't checked! I just quickly glanced at the line up ._.
I need Brantly and Bryan time...Then some Donna time...but we will worry about that later;)
And they just offered 2 scholarships for 2013--I am impressed!
Now I think I figured out how to merge them together post on multi pages at the same time
2012 Golden Globe Awards Red Carpet Arrivals: Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Paula Patton, Morgan Freeman, Ricky Gervais -
Up thinking....like always
Don't you just hate seeing that
2nite it's ZUMBA w/Marie @ 6pm.Then off 2 Appletini's, 2 burn up the dance floor!!! So if ur looking 4 something 2 do, come out & JOIN US!!
yeah I even got a picture:D
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.-- Peace Pilgrim
Worst news ever.
#ireallymiss the way it used to be when I had you there. </3
I can't wait. I've loved the incredible hulk since i was 5.
We can't wait for Monday... Anybody know why? #ChevyGirls #chevyfun (giggling)
Great app idea! An app that will delete all the screen captures my kids take on my iPhone and iPad. I never should have taught them how!
shout outs to rico love new artist cherlise groundzero went to her listening party last night had a blast ago with fat joe and the rest .
How do you stay ahead of the crowd in Research? Be Proactive and increase your niche. Brainstorm with others in the field.
You're here?
adorable! must have asap
why does michael jackson have a twitter..?
#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - #Farm Bill - #SNAP -
Yeah, it's this place where political staffers go to...I mean...I've never heard of it.
I'm very proud of myself.
Excuse my #Swagg im tryna tone it down like jenny kreg
Just more spam.
“: Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.” How true this is!!!
wonderful meeting with our Distributor -- loving the supply chain
Man, those Jews knew how to party.
I like how you get mad because I'm seeing MY DAD whatever i don't need this
The knicks look so tired right now mike woodson doesn't know what to do anymore
ugh. i forgot to get my shirt before i left when i got kicked out. and i was going to wear it to the show tonight.. UGH
RT : Golfplan holding steady at #6 iPhone sports apps..thanks tweeters!!! ..great app. swears by it!
so tired
FREE! Just have to get them before they run out.
Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now :D
HOMECOMING TONIGHT!
"Merchandising,Merchandising, Merchandising!"
Whatever happened to straight forward answers
i was real mad.
i sprayed windex in my sisters mouth.
haha not cool I'ma go settle for some barritas de piña lol
Just stop for a minute and smile :)
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day who the fuck care's i don't have a G.F thank god i don't have to stress anything
stoppin through twitter right quick.. lol
I want a donut, but a good one.
Happy "Mother's Day" to every mom on my "TL", y'all deserve the best! 💗💗💗💗
Foster-care reform to continue with settlement extension - Northwest Cable News
Breakfast Foods at Breakfast Times are not as much fun as Breakfast Foods at Other Times.
start my morning off listenin to
Thanks my brotha....hope you're dominating the dance floor my friend!
haha I don't remember when I tweeted that, but this commercial just isn't the same as the car one."Wee" was more funny & annoying?
Meeting & booking hosts for ADDYs. Script writing later. Feb's got me hustlin', hustlin'.
#Celtics defense is in fine form right now. It's hard to beat them when they dominate defensively.
My son pulled off a natural hat trick - last 3 outfits have been lost to poop, pee & vomit. Need a name for this (i.e Gordie Howe hat trick)
hi, you're perfect.
LOL, um.... That's one approach I guess!
am i really online at the same time as you or is this a dream
The Rangers' game is killing me...(but I love a good rivalry).
Who was your favorite performer tonight on the #GRAMMYs ??
Friends are truly a wonderful blessing - I am thankful for steadfast friends
man, we'll be on by midnight...maybe. Stay up with us!! promises to sing you a lullaby.
It's important to not only capture beautiful moments through the lens, but also experience them in real time.
So many breakups! Wells Fargo, State Farm, now Walgreens. I like their local peeps, but I won't continue supporting property over people.
I'm eating lunch off a table that says it used to be part of a bowling lane. By Counterevolution in Brooklyn. Very cool.
Candlelight vigil downtown Chicago was absolutely beautiful for those of us who have lost loved ones to gun violence!
Waiting for my boyfriend at the barbershop. Not fun -.-
Second star to tthe right straight on till morning -peter pan
Revel In focuses on 10 interviews+pictorials w local tastemakers+their top 8 picks of the city. different than +Finder
Great summer fun idea - take in an game ... inexpensive and a great way to spend a summer evening!
Congratulations to our graduates! What a nice commencement ceremony last night.
Alleviate congestion today at , come by bike!
i like how bathooms are labeled "Toilet"
Listen ...I know payout musik is going to make it hahaha just a matter if when
I've got rhythm / I've got music ... Who could ask for anything more?
Whew! #c4l12 is over so I can get some work done. Just in time for the weekend!
yes you need the first season once... Then never watch it again. :)
Thanks so much :-)
yep, I want you to win this!! You deserve it!
Lots of love for
thanks so so so much! i cant thank u enough!
Decided to install underground sprinkler system in yard today; trying to finalize the landscaping project.
Just realized that all my tweets about the conference won't count towards the drawing. Gotta catch up.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands
how about neither! Have some fruit and veggies while watching the fights!
Laura just made the infamous double chocolate cake cookies we used to swear by... I wonder what Pablo, Ricky and Dmitri r up to
It's pretty funny for sure
how do you get a new one if my rubber part ripped off
Great write up in #bayareacraftbeer. Congrats!
I had a wonderful time speaking at FSU-Panama City Campus for the BSU Women's Empowerment Luncheon.
KFC med shop is back open? Since when?!
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!
Time for Labyrinth! Can't remember the last time I saw this.
Of course I will share them with all of you!
Working on a survey & I need model language or good examples of statements about how the data will be handled/shared. Know any?
re. post-9/11 art, ya gotta check out Spike Lee's "25th Hour"
Lmaooo...Now Found Out We Are Going To Manhaten For Christmas...(^0^)
good ole fashion weighted PULL UPS :D
The parallels between meditation, yoga and classical vocal technique are fascinating.
Just did a conga line through the mirror maze and fist pumped in the infinity room.
Got a call back for a second interview today. Fingers crossed.
Awwwwwwready #letswork RT : Me & need to shut down mojoes together one more time!!!
Why wasn't the Audio Dock Air in the review roundup?
hello Kansas city... I'm excited for party
During individual workouts sweat with your players! Show your commitment to them improving and you will be amazed by the results.
made us maximally crazy, leveled us out and then came in for the kill!
Words cant even describe how badass The Avengers was. Cant wait for the sequel
pshh. and I will be ATTRACTING visitors cuz we be so hawt.
RT Only 30 minutes until our lucky 2 o'clock winner is selected!! RT RT for a chance to win tickets to the one and only
How many seasons do u think it will take te Vikings to get 15 wins? Im thinking 5-6.
I would give a nigga my house to kill that bitch!
Planning some big stuff!
Jeez, getting it from both social media ends, aren't I?
to whomever hacked my real twitter.
Don't forget about me celebrating my B Day tomarrow (yeeaah! Gucci Mane voice)
Spent the day w/ my mom & then with taylor, maddie, kadie, and leslie. :)
just did
Talk to Vermont Joy Parade & Unbearable Light out, burlesque gypsy out of Burlington. Radio bean, a great venue.
A nice Godly Christian young man. Nock it off!RT : Those of you who Know Doug Oliver, rt with a word that describes him.
think it's now set up, look forward to it. Martin
in order to get $2.5-2.9 billion to fund current backlog and future needs would take approximately $66/$100k which is max allowed
Stay at Home Mom's: how/when did you decide not to go back to work? #toughdecisions Cc:
Life Is Like A Riding Bicycle. To Keep Your Balance, You Must Keep Moving On(:
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success. -David Sarnoff
Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska. If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?
*cue the slow jamz* RT : Visiting the grandparents while I'm home...grandparents house is the hot spot
I'm interested in shia lebouf. I think I'd like to meet him. ;-)
I don't get high... But I'm a fan of that green eyed love... Mayer Hawthorne... Saved my life.
Are you saving your files in a way future generations will have access to them. Berry Ewell is giving great ideas!
SATURDAY WAS CHOREOGRAPHER SCOTTS 1ST CLASS IN THE BROADWAY DANCE CENTER AND IT WAS A GREAT CLASS AND A FUN TIME
Michael McDonald keeps on running with a bacne powered KO on
don't you just love that show!
Just sat in on a great class on the Google IPO led by Eric Schmidt. Thank you Stanford and
lol nahh I went before you did so get it right
3:30 a.m. and still awake. My brain won't shut up! Ideas, ideas, ideas. Hush, brain! I need to sleep.
haha always, probz same colored shirt too!
I love doing that! Then you get to act like the "voice from above" on facebook. Teeheee!
And the outrage toward the NFL yesterday regarding Seau feels hollow when there was also so much outrage about the Saints suspensions.
": #WeCantBeTogetherIf your not like you must love Harry Potter! Lol" damn straight. Slytherin in this bitch!
HA! I'm sure OSU fans are a little sad as well. currently wondering how much recruiting class will suffer. best guess: much.
How Many People Did You Follow ?
Plant your dreams where water is free and sun is abundant.
Funny that graphic doesn't mention Victorino's GG's
dude your default is freakin sexy as hell. miss you so much <3
LMao ikr thTS y i thought of it ITS Global!! :D
thinking of you as I research for my paper on faith-based prison reform movements.Funny how "reform" can act as a code word
RT : Whoaahhh!!! Talking about really matters in life! Congrats!! Exciting times, grandpa! :-P time to celebrate! > +1
#AGirlDeserves a guy who will love her for who she is.
charlie sheen is tha original
Just searched "booing #Oosthuizen" on Twitter. Yup, some can't believe they boo'd him on 18.
music is the wind between my legs.
yay!! I will definitely get my skate on, this year. Ready for yummy cupcakes!!
Neither did I!
Embarrassed to say it took me 3 tweets to realize what Sept. 1 was. Vacation mode. ha
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
Working until 8am yahoo
yeah, I was gonna try to get out of it but I can't cause I'm not taking summer classes :(
“: ME: You're like a drug to me. FRIEND: You mean I'm addictive? ME: Please! I mean I can only take you in small doses.”
Portico building happy hour tonight. Come down and meet your neighbors with wine, bites, and Greg Shibley on guitar.
I bet over at Austin Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu could tell you though.
Finally saw the first issue of Popeye - looks great! I love the newsprint-esque paper stock. Can't wait to see my issue!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal!
Where All The LOYAL Male Nd Females At In CLEVELAND Who Like To Kick It??? Real Talk RT!.
No but I'm a work-a-holic (a lazy one too)
Come home now. This is getting out of hand.
Thanks for the
you are my number one fan H8tr so kill ur self -lol
#Rotary speaker Gerard Randall Jr. says Milwaukee has 4th highest concentration of engineers in America.
Check out NEW acoustic pop tracks "Love Overdose" and "Delirious" !!!!!!
oh shush!! we LOVE JAmie!! wish i could laser myself to St. Louis to give you a big ole hug!!! xoxo
tonights dinner is from it. Stay tuned!
NOLA City Council @ Large Election-Deadline today for Willard-Lewis to request recount of approximately 55k votes cast (cc )
I used to hate that our AMS was called the "membership database" by the rest of staff. We used it for everything!
he has a bad heart, the main flushin valve isnt there & over the years has weakened all the heart muscles.he will need bi-pass
Come on Brewers lets do this
My birthdays in 22 days!!!!
Have a fun nye everyone and again thanks for all the support! 2012 will be a big year for us!
Cool! We will add that to our list. (And a color request does not mean you are required to purchase! : )
Everyone that signed up successfully should have received an auto-email confirmation w/ instructions on when tix wil be sent
he had cancer...battle it for 3yrs
Thanks, mister;) Saw you in the house, but didn't get to grab you after. Thanks so much for coming:)
Good morning(: I'm eating cereal(: it's yummy(:
yu no I got support from my family but no income so I'm worried
Working on article/book(?) about Butler student who fought for Confederacy. Research tmrw. This is a Prof. Spring Break!
Either that, or get someone who understands programming on the bench, or in the jury, who parse out what the patent is really covering
How do you want your nose to look like?
Waiting on a client. Was going to take the evening off.... now she's late. Oy.
Hi Bill!! Thanks for the follow!!
that's sounds great I'm making this for breakfast now
COMING SOON: New 5-Out Motion Offense (2 Parts) and Customized Man-to-Man Defense videos. Easy to teach/Easy to learn.
Happy Birthday to Isaac!
49 new text messages. go away people
he is a tennis player
HOW can someone go to school tomorrow #depressing #almostdoneeeee!!!
": A1: More people are beginning to use social channels - particularly from a mobile environment - in lieu of other methods
high five!
Never see him again what should I do
Generally meant to be used with one connection representing an entire app/service; user streams allows a small handful though
can i have a shoutout?! lovee you!!
hahahaha I love the inscription on the box!! 
Wake me up wen u r awake again #brainypeople would get this
im so immature that everytime i see fast blinking lights i look at the people around me and make sure no one is having a seizure....
Im getting shit done today c: yes
guess no video today its raining -__-
blessings to you as well;visited your blog--wonder what connection you have to it other than interest?+what sortof concerns arise
Sending out new free LICKER track tonight after getting proper amounts of drunk.
There are certain people in my life that I simply have no desire to ever see again.
If they're human only part of the time, what should they be the rest of the time? Beast? ;D
"Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work."
Makin money up in this Monopoly Junior
Pan tostado with mijo and before Finals Week kicks in. One more week and then off for two.
feel free to send story ideas and info to
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
hahahahaha, that is what i was thinking!
Who's Hope? Player. : )
Happy 4th man! Hope u enjoying life as usual...Take care
Where is my entourage?
Welcome all new Facebook Fans and Twitter Followers!
RT Heads up! May be w/ Stanley Cup again in nxt 24hrs.. Retweet if have friends who may want to know where/when..
75 degrees in NY yesterday...please be summer already.
We're hanging out in Tacoma to scout locations for our new Ride Around the Sound. Looking forward to drinks w/ in Seattle tonight
Looking for new windows, vinyl siding, entry doors, or attic insulation? Call us today at 888-441-5085 for an in-home consultation!
HOW AM I ALIVE AFTER THAT EPISODE? OMFG. THAT IS THE BEST EPISODE. ITS JUST THE BEGINNING. RUSHERS HOW ARE WE GONNA SURVIVE THE SEASON?!
NYC = amazing. I literally saw a dead body, a flock of cross-dressers, and the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in 1 Block.
Yeah, don't understand outcry over "exclusive soccer." Seems like license to lose money based on past history here.
go to bed!
Me too Bru Im Tired Az Hell
Love today's Groupon deal for NYC !
Decadent hot chocolate This looks delicious!
Good afternoon! Thanks for the piece on our solution!
: I had a blast with you yesterday! Thank you for having me be part of your Awesome project!!!!
Okaayy so I was trying to act cool by walking all gansta like and I tripped on a plant -.-
APUSH exam in 4 days..shoot me.
Soo Happy your Back!!! =)
I'm fuckin weak right now. Like I can't move.
Had a god time with the freshman frenzy! Gotta do it again next yr def
I suck at basketball I need my friends to teach me ;(
Happy pitchers and catchers day!
RT Nice 2 see great players showing respect 4 each other by exchanging jerseys after game
Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back. - Thomas Sowel
Hair not done , nails not done , feet not done , how the hell I'm suppose to going to a fashion show & the club looking semi fucked up !
Where can I become A compost assistant?
ah that sounds so appealing! now I just have to get through the workday and get out to a restaurant
If you're not going to put any effort in the relationship, why should I?
I was gonna go ahead and put some berries in my hair.
after U sync with the computer that u sync normally sync the ipad with it should show up no problem
Another S/O to new FOLLOWERS
"I need to study." *Opens book.* "I don`t feel like studying." *Closes book.*
#Ginseng does great things for your energy level as well.
One more stupid love song and i'll be sick
Oh, that's so good.
Study re. lib cats: libns most concerned re. dupe records. Users NOT concerned re. that. Want links, more info, etc.
omg if she dnt shutup with all that ''he my man'' n stuff clearly he`s not a man yet if he is still cheatin on so gtfosw with all that
Follow us here for updates from the road to the NAIA Baseball World Series. This is the place for the latest on
It's rally time, guys!
good morning sunshine;)
im still in high school
haha okay hopefully it will just start raining!
Ah. Gotcha. Thanks for the feedback.
I thought I was watching "Rise of the Planet of the Apes"... but it was the GOP debate.
Do you really want to learn how to market yourself on LinkedIn correctly? Ask me, and I'll give you our super discount code!...
Woa, questioner pressing for more personal history from Hirsch, how she's related to Holocaust
Oh Whitney, I want your impossible fairy godmother voice...
I will now. Thanks!
We'd like to wish a happy Mother's Day to all you moms this weekend!
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION will NOT let you down! Posts on FB & TT, north, south, east, west, across the pond & down under!
Any of you switch to #Drupal 7 for its built-in #RDF support yet?
I got it! New show. battleoftheboybands. Unsigned boy bands compete for a deal. Judges are members of established Boybands.
Who you talkin to?? bet it ain't me
Wow, that just happened
Man the way janelle monae blends her songs are crazy.
is out on DVD soon! Add it to your Netflix cue today - JESS + MOSS
#WW fabulous folks to follow
RY “: Every time I look over at Larry Byrd during timeouts/between quarters he is signing autographs for fans. Good guy.”
I do what I want (:
People are very easy to juge brah. It ant right but they do it anyways.
Woah! That's awesome!
I used to keep a jar of Nutella and a bag of pretzel sticks for dipping next to my desk...but then I started to hate myself.
Just pre-ordered the album. Can't wait to hear some new stuff from you guys.
outside of Oakland u gotta scope out Kinders.
With his 0-3, Rickie Weeks is now hitting a smoking .153. Sad really. I hope he turns this around soon.
I don't want this #Patriots game to become a shootout, Pats' D needs to put pressure on Tebow, force a mistake, and capitalize on it...
WHAT WHAT WHAT. COME TO SAN DIEGO BBE.
Yes, would be lovely to finally meet you. Decide on a time and let me know. Looks like the rain will moving out by AM. :)
Hi, great! I saw photo! Cool! :)
You are FUNNY man!! Love it... pianists/ music theorists save the earth!
(gaspp) not going to school is bad ;o
Just had a great meeting with about our Epic Scale Brainstorming Session at #SXSW looking forward to it already!
Bad decisions, good intentions.
and , I'm checking out hotels for Vegas! #GirlsWeekend!!
Save on your next insurance policy. Http://www.hotwireins.com. Get your quote today.
asap rocky school boy q joint. Its kinda reckless. I done fucked her once... some shit.
that when you look your best ❤
I can beat you , ive been doing them :) haha but your stronger tho :(
I just got a shotout from Adele.
I don't understand accents. They way accents make voices sound different makes me ponder
Thank you for the RT! Very much appreciated.
Yes RT : You trust John and Pete?
Big boobs don't count if you're fat...
James Franco really coming up big for the Bucks... But D-Rose is too clutch. What a shot
NY has been home 4 over a year. Still here. Before I traveled constantly. Time I got back to that. Life of a writer/musician.
Eggs and sausage...and salsa chips?? OK Mom.
I know. I'm an idiot.
that's what i was thinking … the trailer totally went against everything i thought the show was, so figured it'd be futile
Whos chuck norris?
Thank you so much for your information.
Phone's back! thank you byron's beer garden for getting me blackout and babysitting my phone for a day... for free!!!
Wonder if we can take a tripod on the plane?? We have lots of camera equipment to get some super nature pictures...
“For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; it is he who will save us.” -Isaiah 33:22 (NIV)
fuh! Ok! Lol this necklace better change my life
Thanks! Ha, I just read yesterday: our bodies don't betray us; we are the ones who betray them.
lol I'd be we'd be in some hardcore marriage counseling if it were me and tony. Omg. Lol
Looking at embedded Tweets. I'm not seeing the "Embed this Tweet" link. Has this feature not been rolled out to all users?
I'm in Barnes and nobles right now but ill walk over (:
Thanks for the mention yesterday.
-> no question, bro!
alright thanks so much;)
Random question of the day: other than Wonder Woman, are there any female superheroes who don't have "girl" in their name?
What I always love most about #thanksgiving is that it feels like a Sunday, but really it's the start of a four day weekend
8. Try not to use the oven. It heats up the rest of house, forcing AC to go into overdrive. Use an outdoor grill, toaster oven or stovetop.
RT Jaimie Cloud fr is here at Kamehameha. Teachers are buzzing and there's good work to come tomorrow. Canʻt wait!
officially going to my first conference! got my tickets and am so pumped for the crazy awesome things the Lord is going to do!!
The THIRST
Bday 2ma smoking until I pass out 8 blunts damn high as shit
MANIA! continues to creep up the CMJ Top 200 chart. This week up to #47!
ha kay *starts slideing one side to another*
well this is awkward
I clearly remember channel 9 in KC doing a "teen slang" story in the 90s: "'In the house' means 'hip' or 'with it.'"
Wtf , perrie was at zayn's apartment last night ? Um no .
Grand Opening today 10-7pm 110 Morningside NE. Don't miss out on the 15% discount ! Come see us for your favorite scents.
really cute
Amazing ideas and conversations at #tocpdx yesterday. Portland is such a great place to be involved with publishing. Thanks to everyone!
“: I'm actually nervous...lol” U will be awesome. What's the topic? Come by the Madison tomorrow and practice :)
RT I thank God for #discernment and the ability to recognize it...So true! Must wouldn't understand!
I'm thankful that music is such a powerful voice in my life!
He loves to party 😳
I'm working club ambrosia
i am scared of facebook
It's been a long time since I talked to how you doing what's new???
"does digititizaton make the reader a user?" what happens to the practice of reading? - Eric Bulson
Great shots Adam, and those costumes are amazing!
Stay Beautiful with the care of Healthy hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNow available nationwide
Case-Shiller Index ended 2011 at new lows. The national, 10-city and 20-city composites are at the lowest level since mid-2006!
what that's awesome!! What can we watch in 3d?!
TSV 1860 v. Duisburg live on bundesliga.de radio. Nice lunch break.
Tomorrow I'm gonna fuck around with AE CS6 all day
first requests we've had for those subjects. :)
That awkward clap you do when something is really funny..
All interested Volunteers! We are having a Volunteer Wrangle tonight at City Hall from 5:30-6:30, all are welcome! City Hall Chambers
Participating virtually in the "Primary Care Forum: Integrating #PublicHealth and #PrimaryCare" from and
Yes, does amazing things to fight hunger. RT Do you know anyone who works at an organization that fights hunger?
- Welcome Pat! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Filming this week for Hansel and Gretel and then leaving for tour for a month! Stoked for the "Love/War Tour." So busy, but very fortunate.
Great run speedy!
Another great one..."you mannequin"
Laughed with him over the snowy madness of the first story in 2000. 1000s of people shopping the next 5 days & buying everything in stock.
My bucket got a sick lean, I play dirty but I look clean
Ready Set Tweet (A speedy guide to Twitter) is available for $2.99. This price is only temporary. Get it now... Very helpful....
#verizoniphone now set to be released with the same voice, data plans currently in place per #WSJ, in late January (pre-2/3)
lulz. On purpose? An American voting #Republicrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders...
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (16)
Got my license ! Drive the streets of Yonkers at your own risk!! Muhahaha
no no, it's Saturday t'sup yo?! :D
Sorry for including y'all n this childish stuff I jus can't stand dis
Wow! This sidewalk mask vendor has masks for every occasion, including "romantic role playing".
and would give anythng to say told U so to the TT haters a few years ago But hard 2 find them now a days since everyone is on TT bandwagon
Guys relax. Lebron will drop 45 and Wade will drop 40 and the heat will win by 20 in game 3 and take the series in 5
Giants practice tomorrow with my uncle For once I won't have to reply on for my gmen fix
30mins later, my mom pick me up!
happy belated to the man with the instantly recognizable style!
Att looking to buy t-mobile... Guess t-mobile is going to loose me as a customer. I'm not a fan of Att... Hello CDMA carriers!
we are so there!
That awkward moment when you go to the bathroom and your zipper is already down
Tech support has started sending us emails in all CAPS, inbox now looks like a desperately lazy #Craigslist ad.
. alum and Albuquerque native Brian Cavazos-Galvez called up to the hometown !
Hi there!!! How are you?
Can you name the first song that will be played on the patCAST when it converts into a radio show? If you can, you'll get a special prize!
You were humping your mattress this morning yell "A-rod, save me from chubacca!
Oh, I so wish! I had to leave this morning & am now back in Chicago for client meeting & to-dos. Have so much fun!!
Just tapped, Lips of Faith Super Cru (replaces No Equal Amber Larger) $10 growler fill
If you're late, I'm even more tardy. MT : I'm probably late to this party, but Ken Cosgrove's wife is Alex Mack?!
...-ended, this was seriously about how i have 665 followers... but way more fun as written!
Anyone on X-box live right now with all these great new games?!?!?! tell us what you are playing!!
Thank you for the follow Eric Your Wisdom Heart work is lovely.
RT Plans for the National Slavery Museum hit yet another snag
Do it! RT : & I found our future NY home!
Better yet, failure is only apparent.. It's making way for you to recieve the greater good!
BTW, Bev, our owner, raves about Cueva! Just looked at your menu.. Plantain crackers and goat cheese?! Sign me up! -Kerri
Same to you !
Tomorrow Caitlin will be at in the Yawkey Center from 10-2 with Alumna ... come visit us
I'll be there!! Go wolves
welcome back to Charlotte. We love having you as one of our champions.
Q: Best TV show on right now? Can't wait for Mad Men to start up --- love the vintage fashions they sport!
I love OU.
My refrigerator is purring...
Finally checking out is one of the most interesting actors these days.
Thank you!
Interesting how gas prices are 35 cents higher on all the main tourist arteries into
when are you coming back to Indiana?
lol “: Keep yelling your opinion to SCOTUS about Obamacare. Justices comb Twitter and blog comments at night for ideas.”
Thank you for the mention! It was great to be in Palm Beach and nice to see such activism.
Good peeps for
Revenue and Data Management
Yess i love talking to you guyz too !! :D #HomeGirlz untill my twitter life is over ! LOL
One thing I'm looking foward to this summer is ... ONE DIRECTION CONCERT! yay! (:
Why would you go somewhere when spring break is comin to a close???
Ready to go Home!!! now!!! hehe
Megan's bachlorette dinner at Zentan
Our burglar alarms are deafening and might impinge upon your own ability to concentrate on the art at hand ;)
yayyyyy ;) party downtown boy!
Meaning it stops to buffer on a clear and strong WiFi signal.
Goodbye Mr. Clark. Thanks for the memories.
that is awesome!
dude the Irish Tenors doc is my favorite
Self promo: most chill pens fan ever, if you follow me I follow you back. Ride or die Pens 4 life. I even watched as Letestu was #1 C (lol)
I find it interesting that comedy central thinks they r the sole arbiter of what can b considered comedy & what isnt.
we checked. That's an hour out of the way. :(
And us social justice & multicultural educators are supposed to help change these attitudes? That's why I'm goin to the gym AND happy hour.
well it was real nice while it lasted!
"What you don't see with your eyes, don't invent with your mouth."
I'm so used to dealing wit these hoes I know how to treat a real woman
Good Morning Gang and Happy Mommy's Day
So i've signed up for Netflix again. I'm surprised i'm back
Nothing like housin an XL coffee from Hortons in order to get in a groove
Must get to work.
Way to go getting your proposals in early. And you better be there no matter what. :)
Cookout and sweet frog are a 'thing'
I absolutely love Arron Asham! He's one of my favorites on the Pens.
we get excited when students create awesome music!
good friends will give you a wave goodbye but best friends will jump on you're back like a spider-monkey screaming"DON'T LEAVE ME!"
YES!! I thought you were gonna be in Baltimore?! Obviously we are gonna rage.
#TeamSharonNeedles for the win!!!
I'm sorry Kent.
FOLLOW BACK.. AND TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC OUT
Playing at Temple U's Edge Fest tonight at 7pm, Broad St @ Cecil B Moore Ave. Free and outdoors!
What's up TAAP fans!
Why don't you call the cold case squad and ask? That'd be more straight fwd. than assuming racism on twitter.
. have been on Twitter for like, 20 minutes and already have 1000 robot followers. Boing boom tschak!
Jaden had a T-ball game Sat and then we went to Stephens grandparents and they had tons of ppl, food and dancing!
$5 Shakes, Malts and Floats!
#ihatewhen i im talking to someone and someone else jumps in the convo
OMG G
touché on both accounts. See you soon.
Wholetime im high and been just sitting in the car in front of my crib for almost an hour now lol
unread emails are beginning to bite me in the ass.
#rebels = deer in headlights
can't wait for tomorrow!
RT RT : Dear Spider, Unless you pay rent in my house, YOU CAN'T STAY.
we're watching House and eating fish tacos...like a boss.
Have a day of art supply shopping ahead of me :) Life is good.
The list of things I don't care about includes Carrie Underwood.
that's what i thought.
Two w's closer to 36-4.
Goin out to the island to get el stonay
Mango smoothie with Olivia's Guiness chocolate cake is the perfect ending to an Epicurean home cooking week-end.
Gentlemen + Trust -Worthyness= A girls dream
Peacefully RT : "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting 2 improve the world." ~Anne Frank
I don't know what store gave me a canadian dime but whoever did it I hope you burn in hell.
I wonder what happen to the matching shoes...
“: Trey Songz did NOT invent sex. #IJustGoogledIt =/”
Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!
*You stink.
It doesn't matter what i do! you'll never be mine again! so no matter what i do that won't change -.-
text me tomorrow if you go though.
hey there!
YES RT !! RT : Wait, is getting a treadmill desk? JEALOUS.
good for you!!! let me know how it all turn out. should give you free upgrade
Just added a 60 second execution pause in a rake script. Otherwise, the github API freaks out and stops responding (or something?)
thanks for the heads up on this, it isnt our intention to alienate people at the station.
RT : After earlier crash, VA Power is still on scene at 16th St/Buchanan St. Estimated re-opening of the street is 3 pm.
- Counting Crows suck. Hard.
Join us in the storyroom for Cuddletime, this morning at 1130! For babies not yet walking!
The moment I get over you & move on.. Is the moment you'll come crawling back to me.
Heading out on show floor
haha i love you too:):) and sure I will! :P
what r u doing tonight ? I'm at prime in uptown
Retweet if you know who A Meezy is!
Wtf is this!!
In what context? cmd+click works for me.
u welcome :)
feel better samuel i love u:-)
i want to so bad,but i can't afford it. Kinda bummed.
Hoping McNabb is hurt..for a loong time
Just kicked it with and on his tour bus for a and coast2coast interview
RT : Obama, in Reno,NV LIVE announcing new list with 5 items on it for Congress. I think a #obamalist hashtag game is in order.
all the black kids singing michael jackson<<<
What if we lived in a non-suppressed society? Politicians self-censor, women tame down so we don't threaten men... We have such potential!
do you know me? No? Ok thanks for playing.
Today's workout is going to consist of box jumps, weighted chinups, weighted rope climbs, and deadlifts! Can't wait :)
I Want To Be A Billionaire Warren.
RT if you don't like Jericho
yes , talked in the accent and everything talkin about tea and cherioos and shit .
Thanks much and likewise. Have a healthy interest in the Chilean wine industry. Cheers!
yes! Baseball game sometime this week? With ? Then we can do it..?(;
#twittertips my wallet look like a bible
Ur an popular rapper.. whose wealthy.. why the fuck r u still in the street life...
The ToyMaker is partially set in the town of Lidice which was destroyed during #Holocaust Read more about the show.
RT : Bears 7th-round CB Greg McCoy's four-year deal worth $2.16 million and includes a bonus just over $60,000, per a source.
check out my zombie research website and become an exclusive member for free ! www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I LOVE YOU COME BACK TO NY SOON XOXOX
God our Creator, your kindness has brought us the gift of a new morning. ~RT
retina! I like it!
camera take over:cheese,smile,laugh,shout,jump,run singer: what the hell who is the singer just kiding guys
It sounds like when you cylon on TWIG.
direct message
okay! I just want austin and keyra to see it!!(:
Crashing Cars on Unregular Radio In two days!
A team is being formed for a medical mission in the Amazon region of Brazil for May 19 – June 1, 2011. Contact Jean Broyles .
Go Organic - Your Skin Deserves It
I wish you would.
you're like royalty haha
ah tired
Cant even count the # of times "All These Things I've Done" has gotten me through a paper-writing impasse
Uhmmmm...not weird at all! That would be sweet. Literally. 😊🍰
": "It's never too late to be what you might have been.""
My boyfriend is eating a steak before dinner.
You had to have your camera to upload that one!
The Help, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie, and there is one on my wish list that takes place in DC I will check
LOVE your program! Have a FB page?
"Leader of the Rebellion", "Employee #001" & "Videologist" are taken. How about "Truth Seeker" or "Head Honcho"
Janet Jackson killed it 8 years ago and no other has topped it.
oh okay then I am not offended bhahah I still love you.
Beauty may attract the admiration of the passing hour, but it is the richer beauty of moral worth...that commands the deepest reverence(1850
Ditto. RT So Texas over Cincy wasn't one of my better picks, I gather.
Working on the new house!(:
there isn't one 16 & pregnant where the dad doesn't leave. bitch come back & take care of your child!
He's too busy drinking coffee.
could just about purr right now.
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for Ultimate Frisbee!!
Rev. Shuttlesworth, RIP
>> I appreciate the follow king
lol u hell
Gonna shower and get the day started! 👍
yea sure or yes sir? "yea sure...sir?"
Extending brand: problem with publishing is infastructure - need to quckily build &amp; release things. Distribution is now easier.
Wednesday needs to come sooner!
Its taken too long. I been waitn for like 4 days now
man spell something lol!
great to see you this week! Safe travels back to Detroit!
Jammin' to some old school Good Charlotte.
I know its weird ctfu but i love it!!!!
#SOMEDAY you will follow me..<3
We will be in PA very soon! :)
but its for julina so its worh it.
Thanks Frank - Enjoy your gift card! Please note you can combine your card with free shipping if you order 2 or more
It was thursday
That's why I make cocktails. They are mini homages to my tastes and predilections.... Drinking Tequila tonight?
some things were just meant to happen
did u get that email?
There are very few things worse than Friday evening traffic
warn your fans about !! Looks exactly the same....:/
I know. Me too.
its none of my business what an ex does, but when trust is broken its hard to get back a positive perspective about the past.
Pretty awesome huh?! Good for him but I just don't have the time to do...great idea though.
good morning hope every1 has a great day and if you are looking for a smog check we still have our discounts available at our website
Just happened upon your page, haven't seen your show yet but excited to learn more!
Enjoying 's session on Designing Experiences. Who else draws from Dewey and Maslow, and connects the dots to business value?
I really want orange juice.....
that awkward moment when no one cares.
You good?
Yo! MTV Raps greatest 40 moments is on VH1 so ah YEAH that's what will be on as I finish uploading my NHL debate video.
Although it may no longer be the most popular
Gearing up for the 1st day of shooting Season 2 of #teenwolf. This is going to be good.
Thinking about our friends at WFNX Radio right now. They've done a lot for us.
I am a not suspicious character I am simply peculiar...eccentric...
Anything for u Boss <3
Despite cooked foods draining my intelligence, I'm down.
So a fight breaks out on the bus....
whoa! I don't appreciate the disrespect! Shoot ill hop on twitter when I want cuz I'm grown
Daily Kos: The Geeks Should Inherit the World (Wide Web)
Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release)
was so great on loved it! Hilarious when he was about to do the AA on the host! It was great!
wow...that's...that's something...
Pick 24: The Great Divide: A Mathematical Marathon by Ann Dayle Dodds - Elementary (division)
thanks for coming out fellas. Always a good time.
Listening to the US Air Force Band play Journey on the mall
floatin down the river down in New Orleans, diggin the crazy scenes in French Quarter this weekend. Weather is terrific! Jazz and more jazz
loved hearing you speak last night - You're fucking hilarious and awesome!
I just finished the play "The Miracle Worker". Amazing, very good. Any other plays I should read?
I bet you John Mayer takes a shit like a douche.
don't skip tennis practice.
Woke up today alive so I really can't complain
Thanks for the #ff shout out.
DONT FORGET! Semi-Finals are TOMORROW! 7PM at the William Pitt Union! Admission is free so come support your friends and schools!!!!!!
I wipe away your tears come and hug me I love you like you love me
is barely twittering
You are braver than I am, then. You couldn't pay me enough to do what you do ;)
At my homie L.U.S.T party DUDE GOT SO MANY JAZZY WOMEN IN DERE!!! THINK IM BULLSHITTIN....100 TO 3
Quick Q: who do you get to do your games' graphic design/layout? Any recommendations for contract? Esp for cards. Many thanks!
yeah go to the box peace out vrbatta
sunset discgolf? yessir. time to try out these Innova Blizzard discs.
Grateful for paying work, and also that I can get some paying work that involves deeply exploring things that matter.
This hummus would be so much smoother if had bought me a for my birthday.
Dear Post Office, Please don't misplace any of the million invites that we worked so hard on, especially since I had to buy extra postage!
applebees then transformers 3 with the boys!!
Thats great. Did u get the score right or something? Thought city wld win tbh. I'm good thanks. Came down with illness after the game it ...
No, they keep coming for YEARS.
Empty and broken....
- You can also check out Mt. Evans after practice. Much closer and it's the highest paved road in North America.
Mark Newman is a freaking idiot.
. The #CBO says cuts to #CHIP could kick 300,000 kids off health coverage.
Oh. So this IS what I'm doing with my life.
We keep it Grown. We keep it Sexy. There's A LOT in the works for 2012...you DON"T want to miss ANYTHING...TRUST
Want to read stories on every #MLB team from the local papers in 1 place? www.ussportspages.com
Now that would have been awesome! RT He really should have just gone on "Ellen."
RT : Congratulations to the team that will represent USA in Lyon in 2013 - Richard Rosendale & Corey Seigel
so great to hear. Hope to see you soon!
NOTY Fetzer: online teachers always have a plan B, work harder than they did in trad classroom, and train themselves if necessary
Gonna do a lil afternoon renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, live in 10min
Best wishes to all those running the Boston Marathon!!!
Thanks for the post on your blog. Much appreciated.
Bynum 1 block away from a triple-double. Even Kareem didn't get 10 blocks in a playoff game...
need instead to ask "why are libraries not resourcing MORE staff to do Web archiving?"
Knock KnockWho's there !Candy !Candy who ?Candy cow jump over the moon !
let's go!
HS girls soccer: 50 min into the game Oregon scores. Panthers up 1-0 on Edgewood
smoke something
I agree. Great game by Bucky and the coaching staff. Just a frustrating final 15.5 seconds.
Eating Jimmy John's and using the wifi at Starbucks. This is going to be a fat time for me.
Also, make sure to RT so everyone gets free cookies! You don't have to buy cookies to get free cookies, you just have to visit us! 313 E 3rd
In response to our local fireworks ban, try the LCP's homemade 'hood fireworks recipe!: Emptied gunshell powder + rolling papers + caution.
That's awesome RT : I also have students run EdCafes on their thesis statements for part of the writing process
"Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself, (I am large, I contain multitudes.)"~Walt Whitman
I have a feeling lots of baby boyz in WI will be named Clay this year!
handing out #thenamesake at my old high school this Monday. What a honor to put my favorite book in the hands of young minds.
Hosting a couple of colleagues from the Biggio Center at Auburn. Great conversations about teaching ctr websites, Twitter accounts, etc.
I need to review a jazz concert for a class, but I'm still looking forward to the music, something to eat and a good brew.
#do you #titter on the
Loving the list feature...not sure why I didn't play with it earlier.
you were apart of the first all female #WMMA fight card!
I'm so pissed that my IPod didn't come today. You just can't trust people.
About to give another local reading - still get nervous!
Thursday power day. Leggo.
Just pre ordered Believe! :) and I uploaded a photo for the mosaic <3
I'm starving. Haven't eaten all day. :(
How does RF's goalie Carter Hutton not get a game suspension for his actions as well?! Unbelievable!
thanks Erik!
Nothing better than baseball season
I'll beat u up
plz tweet back
Why is Justin beiber on American idol?
Hahahah, I know right!
If the dress that's on you is wrinkly, a good thing to do is bend your knees to make the fabric taut and roll back & forth w/a curling iron
TOMORROW BABY!!!!
Pretty sure i've never cried as much as i have these past two days.
“: RT : Kudos to JHUs Becky Clark for scoring David Simon as tonight's Banquet Speaker #aaup11”
Seen it twice, once in IMAX both in 3D. I'm going again this weekend...it's A-mazing.
Why do folks get that gnawing feeling that it's not just the bad guys we're up against, it's the evil behind them that's the problem?
Excitedly I got me one, I got a runner. And with that he aimed and fired his 30/30. I hope Mad Jack was looking at the Beautiful blue sky
in data session - students with chronic absenteeism at risk of dropping out had no relationship with an adult in the school. Sad
Kids who have been abandoned by bio-mom, Mothers day should still be celebrated. It should be the day to recognize who is really there for u
It's 11:03pm...keep going!!!! I'm just sayin:)
Trying to get a del sol
Fingers crossed for the right place. It is exciting to hear that you're heading that way.
HEARD THAT PLACE IS POPPIN!
Don't like being awake and not talking to Jose.
Real Interesting Blog, Keith!
i may rip my eyes out
give me Manu in a game if 21 it usually turns into a game of slop shots and he is the king!
good to have you back on the outside. did I tell you I was lockedup a coupla weeks ago?
yes. He's so dreamy.
have a really bad headache
Eggs. Check. Sausage. Check. Cheese. Check. English Muffin. Check. Could it get any better?
The youth is sick
Need more boots! Mother said I can't wear my cowboy boots anywhere except the barn because they smell like horse crap!
Make sure to follow and support as he travels to #GoldenGloves National tournament!
of course!
Some attorneys in the industry are now billing $1,250 an hour per the Wall Street Journal.
About to see my play the #orioles. Hopefully I'll see !
This paper.
Rollin in the Deep, my favorite song about food fried in the South.
This game is getting intense. Vandy takes the lead 51-53!
Reminder: Christmas happens on December 25th every year. They didn't change it. Turn the music off.
what an awful tweet.
It's just about that time...
Happy Friday! Here's to no cracked eggs this weekend! Rise+Design every day. Like a boss!
thank u for #peacefrombrokenpieces as I was reading I felt myself become my best me, my warrior woman, bless u for sharing!
i know I'm in the vast minority here, but I didn't care for THE HOST.
Happy National Small Business Week to all the other small businesses in the U.S.!
Help! What kind of tape is best to use on a car? Duck tape? Or sth else? Need to cover a crack b/w headlight & bumper. Thx in advance!
#HoodFebreezeScents homemade fried chicken.
literally sat with my hand covering my mouth so i wouldnt scream and wake up my parents.
Just saw a infomercial on a "Buzz-Saw" and thought...where is in this?
my penis hates me today. Dicks don't do weather well. Balls are even worse. Cowards.
Gregory Bateson, 1970: "My motto is 'divide in order that you may not be conquered.'"
So true. You just grew. :) RT : Think Friday 13th is dreadful? Wait till Saturday the 21st. But what doesn't kill us makes us stronger!
aw love u too E! Haven't seen you in forever 😥
doesn't deserve this
i wish you were still apart of my life. <3
:K love!
the sarcasm was unnecessary.
Wow! Atlanta..
this is genius! I might give it a try this weekend, thanks for sharing
Up early back on grind mode, where u at?
Lmfao they some stupid ass putas!
One phones calling limit has been reached
The Sears Tower will always be the Sears Tower. I don't care what England says.
I wish I can vent on fb. But No! I have too much family members on there -_-
- Just noticed that I was credited for only one of two flights on Ethiopian Airlines last year. Can you help me sort this out?
Some people are worried about the wrong things and ask the wrong questions
As I have said, the only significant thing about Barack Obama's bio for the Harvard Law Review is that it is a good joke.
Oh man #LoveGame3! I hope you win love you girl!
is looking for film crew members that are available to work Fantasy Fest in Key West, Florida from October 28 to 31, 2011. Please email me!
Neon Bible...this track never gets old. Love the new album too. Thanks for making amazing music.
This girl keep callin me Z I don't even want to correct her no more....*shakes head an walks away*
Ah man.....the new Kellz. It lacks both the uplifting qualities of "Happy People" and the raunch from something like "Double Up".
I installed for the first time last week for a digital project I'm working on. Easy install. Good luck!
i hopefully get my tax refund on feb. 21st! yippee!
im so afraid to tweet about him i feel like he'll see it...my tweet about him walking a woman to the bathroom omfg if he saw..
time to slice 'n dice my sim card :)
My stars said I would meet the woman of my dreams tonight.
Thanks! RT #FF these career experts:
I hereby declare today my video editing today.
Working. bosses don't buy 'rockies fever' excuse
Its good to see people from around my way make it, D.C./VA you killed the Boston College show in April!!! Keep holding it down fam!!!
Dang. They're getting desperate.
nice jerseys!
Meh, I dunno. I'm kind of over solo shows.
new word: "Slack-a-demic": the unhurried scholar
Buy Now - Sell Later - Make Huge Profits - Only in America!
where you been, btw? Gonna be at bocce tmrw?
Bloomberg TV's "Taking Stock With Pimm Fox" 5:30 PM EST TOMORROWNIGHT
a sleepless night...up since 2am. On the up side, I did swap some messages with Paleface on the road...PF and Mo kick some serious ass.
What's this go Heat stuff ?? You turnin on your home town boys??
So good! Love it!
It's 12:30 in my heart. Thank you KLock.
"Overuse of the word 'grace' leads to our avoidance of naming the Holy Spirit at work. It masks our functional deism." Jason Vickers// Ouch
probably won't tweet 10pEDT often; seems so dern late back east. Personally? I'm a night owl, its fine (better?) for me ..
dont hurt your arm patting yourself on the back.
Thanks for the follow!! :)
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing!
Beautiful afternoon:-)
dude, you gotta give Salma a tie breaker! Ungentleman like...
not for all girls
ok so i got the maps but the playlist wont start a game. this sux worse than waiting for the maps!!!
Your fucking drama smells of implosion.... 
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep
Thanks for the RT boo. Stay tuned for more vids to come
my pleasure Dan have a wonderful New Year filled with love, light and a little enlightenment where needed.
Thank you for following Peterson Chiropractic in Manhattan
help the SDCC reach 1,000 fans by Friday by clicking on the "Suggest to Friends" button!
You're making my back hurt again. . . .
No. Whatever makes YOU happy. And that "whatever", is me. :D
Yes a pencil...As in that is what's going to be the only thing left of our public schools if Gray gets elected
Thanks for the RT!
wish i could retweet that
Madison police say they will assist inside Capitol if asked, but would only remove ppl on Chief's order for public safety reasons
damn I would but I have no sitter
wow!!!!!! What a segment!
Directed kid and dad to storytime.
yep! $8 corned beef sammich w/fries ...$2 beer brats and hot dogs!
I just DMed u check ur box
People behind the plate at the UT game yelling at ump on pitches that aren't close
What does your event entail? Sounds like a great cause :)
NBC moved Chuck to Friday last year for its final 13-episodes. I'm interested in seeing how things are without EPs
When it comes to #landscaping, create the steps you wish to take and prioritize them according to your desires
lol @ coconut ERL!!! I stay say ferl, erl, and berl so I'm not mad!
RT : New draft of Kline ESEA bill includes 3 percent state-setaside for tutoring/school choice programs.
Lebron is still better than KD overall
thanks for the tip - we ha lunch there today! Good food, tho the guac side was pretty meager.
love wheeling 25 year old broads at the bar when they think I'm 21.. get some!!
how are the slopes?? Always wanted to go theree..
congrats on the TV interview today you rock " a by baby "
#ODU brings infield in, Rob Fonseca sends baseball out for three-run shot. #Northeastern takes 9-3 lead w/ no out, B7.
Does a one legged duck swim in circles? RT Should the NBA factor in the past when disciplining Metta World Peace, yes or no?
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!😃
NO GIRLFRIENDS TILL AFTER WE TOUR
it was a good run for her. She needed it. Hopefully she can build on it & turn her luck around.
iRockz My Heart On My
Sticking to my roots. Rock Chalk all the way baby!
thanks 4 the heads up
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!!!
only you can wear themm !:)
Attention all SWH fans! Send us more pics of you in our merch and we'll post it in our fan photos section! Represent!
Ok boys, let's give QPR, and my blood pressure, some help. Score another!
I wish I can take my ass to bed!!
Gym to run my butt off.
YOU Guyz Rock! Keep the info and + vibes commin
Got a DM from you - have you been hacked?
all i need is some motivation to do this essay >.<
If that's your worst confession...I think you're just fine! LOL!
Congratulations to Mike Rogers of Columbia, MO! Mike is the winner of our latest custom guitar strap giveaway.
Having pho at the new place on cap hill. Ba bay. Which just makes me think "ba bay booey". So already I'm enjoying myself
I saw you got the botox for your hyperhydrosis? I had the surgery about 4 years ago & I'm so thankful I found it!
I'm sure they said the same thing when the telephone was invented.
Just had a delicious double burger at Shack Shack. Goodbye bread, old friend, I'll miss you.
searching online for peacockish patternish fabric
rather have a fan in a free or cheap seat than no fan at all.
I hear you...
Jay Z in the morning can cure all problems!
": That's Collin's second goal of the season and Zusi's sixth assist. Zus leads the league in assists."
“It's not the will to win that matters-everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.” - Bear Bryant
I don't think I'm going to have FX when I move. Will have to watch AHS online next season.
My job has been fun building this site from the street upward, I been in some hott spots gathering my footages. I'll be n da UK soon Sonia.
you guys like what you hear? get us up to 2k likes and we'll release another song along w/ a show date. help us out!
Regarding 'Tess of the d'Urbervilles': "Damn, that woman was in the wrong place at the wrong time in the wrong century." - 50 Shades of Grey
Ayoo ICONiacz.!(: -_- i lost 5 followers...i see how it is ;P
My dads morning got ruined cause he couldn't find his coffee cup. Lol
on it now thanks. going to take first picture very very soon.
In extremely related news, I get to write a headline now.
I will be playing Whitney all day!!
Corporate & Private Events ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Consulting ★
"Obama has to use a cartoon character instead of real people to justify his record." ~ MItt Romney on Obama's "The LIfe of Julia"
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
man I'm low til Friday cuz
thanks for the follow back
I know that seemed out of left field (hehe) but seeing your tweet reminded me of comments at the end of the IHE article.
Memphis made plays when it counted. Tough loss for Clips, they dug themselves too deep through 3 qtrs.
haha doesn't hurt to give in ;)
Totally agree!!! RT : "Perfect" is the enemy of happiness.
Nah man I'm excited as hell. Love spendin time with my family. Especially my cousins ahah uk
A lot of our members have already signed up for #RWA #conference...are you going?
I like to chop up the veggies pretty small but of course it is up to you
ha you had my heart & soul....
There's no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY!" LOLOLOL Nick >> you
too many to list in 140 characters or less ;-). What sounds good to you today?
You're welcome!
“ Don't take everything I say personally. If the shoe doesn't fit… Don't fuck up your feet tryna put it on...”
Headed down to to check it out! You should be there too!
I'll get one :)) , where I get it from ?
what!?!?! This changes everything. Next your going to tell me Weird Al has been wearing extensions. Is anything sacred!!
Tell the teacher that most professional writers do that too and to back off.
There are 3 things you can't recover:the word...after it's been said. The occasion...after it's been missed.The time...after it's gone.
What has everyone been listening too lately?
This is where the Kinect seems to come into it’s own
wow...been too long! having too much fun! haha
we keep talking about doing it but were worried we wouldn't have time
"Maybe I have it & I don't know." -owner of a store when asked about tums #miscommunication. What do u have/don't & don't know it?
What a wedge shot! So clutch congrats!
Taking an hour for blonde to show!!! #DarkHairProblems 💁
Ok, i need your help, Could u help me ? it would mean a lot to me (:
loved the event. Keep us in the loop on future opportunities to connect at
"Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect."
“: so anxious ."^ stuck in my head
I couldn't find him when I put in Aaron! CHANGE YOUR NAME!
“: how everything going bruh is that shit hard” naw it's a cake walk..u gotta humble ya self thou, dats wats hard!
It's very odd to spend the day watching romantic comedies with strangers and then get paid $15 for it.
Seriously,no one touched L-BJ and he was deeply hurt that no foul was called. such a fucking baby
Thanks for coming by today!!! I got u as soon as we open!!!
got frosting all over my touch screen ~•^•~
Onnly one wine when it's this hot- #VinhoVerdes from Portugal. Lots of great choices, fresh with a hint of bubbles.
Kenny, it is meek, humane, and temperate
"Don't worry honey, cleavage makes your cross hang straight"
loved you in "The Pact" at Sundance. Thanks for following.
#healthy garbanzo bean and potato salad with kalamatas roasted red pepper n saffron aioli! Superb!
i'm not ... could care less
join today post highlight tapes and photos make player profile and blog about player all free get free exposure today
I'm hungry! AGAIN! :/
Getting paper !!!'
Hiccups in class <<<<
Love you too! : Haha love you (:
He looks so sad and lost and ill. Time for an intervention?
what up bro been along time how r u....
SOMEONE tweet mere : D ?
It means you're supposed to try to figure out what the prof thinks is best...not what you might think is best. Which is bullshit.
Happy Valentines Day:)
Ch. 11 Annual operating cost per inmate in 2001 for Alabama was $8,128
Krissy birthday is over. It's happy belated after 12. Smh lol
When I'm sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead C:
good day just read some algorithm papers now planning new visualization tools to show off the work.
Not our friend Scott. lol! I haven't heard from him in awhile actually.
Give yourself enough time to warm up before and cool down after exercise.
Terrible fucking day.
oh no, it's never too soon for such things! People keep sending my mom Rainbow Bridge condolences...
Having a blast. Thanks Jones Family come and see us again next Wednesday!!!!
lol wow. Too bad we kind of broke the bottom of it......
I get it. But it doesn't have to be that way. The guys who play hard deserve praise even when things are going bad IMO
Roads once traveled can lead to paths unexplored.
A brilliant member of our team asked an insightful ? 2day, "Are we a SOLUTION or R we a Device?" I'm Firmly ensconced in the Solution camp.
Ebony on #ANTM just said "I didn't get chose..." She's officially out for me.
That's awesome!
lol you meant a purse, didn't you?
Fist pumps for Miranda lol, this is awesome love! Keep up the wonderful work, continue to shine & lead by example! 😉
Thanks for the RT!
Registered for the SAA meeting in San Diego and immediately got sucked into a hotel researching black hole. I want to stay in every hotel!
arrived safely in Chi for #cocoaconf Would like to hang out, but I am just too durn tired. Need to rest up for the tutorial tomorrow!
Hello Brooklyn how you doing where you going can i come too
me too:(
cannot stop crying. oh my.
Hey fans!! So who's coming to rock out with us on Friday?
tweeting at 5am. im such a college student
Love Love Love Love ♥
I will be there! C u at FB202!
Getting nervous about driving on the left. Countdown to Ireland: 3 days.
Number 4 throwing picks....then Culpepper to Moss
Special Prosecutor: GET TO THE POINT!
Gettin ready for my 2deep niggas to get in and !!!!!!!!!!
The day is over after 17 hours
Media email from Bdwy Across America's Matt Porter says: keep your tix if you were at today's #lesmisindy matinee. More info Mon.
Awesome surprise of the day- just bumped into Ralph Bronner (As in Dr. Bronner's soap) :)
We up here way to early!
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
Mike, where are you located? Your website has no address listed.
Congrats on nixing the caffeine! What alternatives have you been drinkig? flavored water? regular water!?
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
You've got out on the edge every time you call.
i love you! <33333
we need to do lunch/happy hour later in the wk! When r U free!?
Great stuff. Bring home a win
no word yet. as soon as I hear re: classes/rehearsals I will announce
looks like vomit RT : need that whole pack RT : badly RT : Yo i want them white/gold VIs
Visit our City Year Milwaukee blog...there are lots of cool things to see www.cityyearmilwaukee.wordpress.con
Time to clock out and see what's going on at the "Round Bar"...Slide in for one!
follow me on twitter
fear cannot exist in the presence of trust and faith. It's the perfect example of "three's a crowd."
I'm feeling more and more apt and in-line with my career aspirations! You have to revisit that once in a while.
my wife loves U guys She walks around the house saying "You want to help me or what?"
“: y'all still at tha red gym?” yep still here
Obama lied. Expanded the wars. Prolonged patriot act, signed NDAA. I'm not voting for him again. Ron Paul!
watch the ticks!
#WhoeverSaid The sky is the limit lied , because we have walked on the moon
forreal. yeah i got to fill in this week tuesday and thursday all day - b/c they don't have avid this friday b/c of minimum day
Everything in #lincolnpark is worth a tour...naturally ;)
I want a a truck like that but filled with pudding. MT DC celebrity sighting ... just passed #pothole killer :-)
Im bout to fall asleep
Don't know why I play golf?
Kevin Stott's got his head between his cheeks...
Last year I came to parade of classes & then to DC to see this year he came here first and now I'm at the parade
HUGE SUMMER MEMBERSHIP SALES ENDS TOMORROW!!!! Call for details 206-283-7246.
If you still haven't gotten a copy of Passion 101 or Your Best Day Today, see me June 8 at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 3 - 7p
Ok will do!:)
it's illegal to be ghetto at 1:30 in the morning.
Playing Hotel Indigo (West End) with & tonight @ 7 PM!!!
Are you sure you didn't lose a bar bet to some toy company exec?
RT Got my 3yr old all set for school. Grabbed keys. Turned around & he'd changed into Spiderman costume. Late, but smiling.
S/o to doin it big in the underground!!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
little five points is one of the COOLEST places in Atlanta ! Check out the thrift stores they are the best !
proud of my boys. the outcome sucks, but they did well...especially without Kendall Marshall.
I wanna stay UP ALL NIGHT! :D
its cool take your time.i have so many ppl i am watching on twitch right now.i can watch them in till you come back. :)
GET THE NEW ALBUM ENTITLED "THE END IS WHERE WE BEGIN"! IN STORES 4/17/12 VIA
Happy #Easter. You fools!!
lmfao x) i used to tweet a lot, so that might be it lol.
nothing is worse than the mini heart attack you get when you accidentally call someone and you're trying to end the call..
So glad you reprinted "Here to make friends." I think of the phrase all the time and finally ordered me a shirt.
they're from Canada. So I guess we can give them a break...this time.
didnt know that life is so awesome and is this challenging.
Buying #followers just shows that you have as much #integrity as people who buy prostitutes. If you gotta buy 'em, you don't deserve 'em.
Gonna get sunburnt today...... ☺🔥
we hope so too!
Good morning twitfam! Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day weekend. Back to
Holly cougar
“: This team is so poorly coached it makes me sick” another game in the
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA.
I agree. You make a really good point.
I feel you
Looking forward to the day when we can travel instantly to locations telekinetically.
If everybody would just be REAL about everything, the world would be so much of a better place .
2 and a half weeks then... Jamaica!!!
Nix baby
N/P I'm Still A Hitta
Oh my poor feet are killing me =(
Im confused as fuck
Suffice to say the list of shows not to watch is WAY longer than the "to watch" one.
yeah I would love to be sent to do all those awesome things for free!!
GoodMorning Fellow Tweeters :)
A true, uncompromising American visionary...RIP Steve Jobs.
At karaoke! <3
So, basically, the next 36 hours are gonna be a shitstorm of rain and snow. Great. Welcome back Spring.
what does that mean? :0
Augmtd Reality: extra data; impact education in 2-3 years; could be additional signage; tutorial; bridge virtual and phys
your recovery period will get shorter if you and B hang in NYC more often. Thanks for sharing. Great weekend. Big finish for M 2.
I wish things with us had been easier all along,Yeah I know what happened, but you didn't really need to make that big of a deal now did you
I have to make so many appointments today.Hair.Nails.brows & dinner reservations
Harry gets an A for effort tho #FormerPlayers #FreePass RT : Hey Harry on 107.5 the plural of series is still series. Not serieses
Just added to #WFX2012 Creative Animation Studios
Watching KDKA news. I love when live TV shows or radio shows take calls from the dumb ass yinzer public. They just don't know when to talk
wish I was near that
Gah! alright. we'll try to work something out. My seat is a lawn chair and a 32-inch TV hooked up to an iPhone.
I don't need a map because Melissa has it all memorized.
Looking for candidates to fill a #solo #Law #Library #Manager role in DC, candidates must have some management experience and 4-6 years of …
#That FAKE laugh you do when YOU don't understand what somebody just SAID to you.
Your life can only be as free as your perception of it.
The heat must be coming back cuz my TL is turning back up. Lol
Good morning....gotta go 2 work 2day
RT : It makes me feel a little guilty, how passionately & unequivocally I adore my children when they're asleep.
Some FP code can be easily shown to be better than non-FP. Some FP code just seems like code golf
We are excited that you are excited! Thanks for helping get the word out!
Damn Celtics come on!!!!!!!!
“: I love #TeamBieber. No one can stop this family” we love you so much more !
you bad
All that aside. June is STUNNING
A good reason to use Facebook - For every one Facebook fan, your company is said to receive 20 extra website visits per year.
It's not as offensive as Gary Thorne comparing Pete Weber's courage to a Wal-Mart greeter reluctantly helping on a spill
Congratulations To The 6th Man Of The Year
Just picked up our first catering job of the year. Can't wait. Thanks Brown Mackie College!
Checc me out
it's been awhile uncle. How's the mojo?
Total time on the call: 30 min, including hold time and two dropped calls. These people better not suck.
Oh yer watching tv
Seriously! Weirds me out.
their surprise is odd given their line of work, no?
SOX: #Royals take 4-3 win to capture series win over the #RedSox in Missouri for first time since 2006. Back home to Fenway tonight.
This guy loves calling me a school girl.....what's up with that?!?!
Bark For Life this weekend at Jerry Cline Park from 6-8pm. Christine and Alia will be there with Sammie, Misa and Nym - hope to see you!
That is so exciting! Congrats my friend! Sounds like you're having a blast!
Flip Flops as well. Somehow that still creeps me out.
Happy Earth Day!!!!
Over 200+ listed companies on StaffingMarketplace! Don't miss out and get listed today!
Looking forward to this Thursday ! I know your about wild out and put it down in So Fla K Hart!!
I can't wait for the book and now I want the skirt from the font cover too.
RT if you remember Tyler, The Creator & Chris Brown's twitter argument! ahahah he called him a lightbulbb thoughh ?
I love my right and my bff my sista thanks my
exactly. But ill get 23+ miles on them at Ragnar and another 14+ on my Type A5's
it's still trying to recover from your wrath
If you want to recapture your youth, just cut off his allowance. - Al Bernstein
you know datttt !
It's friday Friday! Gotta get down on Friday!
they say Worthy. But nothing confirmed yet
: Its possible my argument hasn't been entirely hypethetical. See previous tweet.
#oomf has really frustrated me lately.
It could've been Auto Corrected. You never know. And plus I mean it rhymes! 😳😳
God is good all the time .
Why'd u lie? You should of told me first
Glad to be home from 10 days in Texas... Stay tuned for a fun announcement on Wednesday that you won't want to miss!
Feels good to be 20!
interesting story! side note: Is that iFly pic from the one at Universal City?
just working and hitting the gym. You?
R.I.P Donna Summers, your words of encouragement will always be a source of inspiration for me.
Happy Birthday Sam<3
I agree with you. He's useless. If he was a GOOD doctor, he'd be in a hospital full time. NOT on tv.
Does Chris Parente have any jokes in which Dave Fraser isn't the butt of the joke?
Note to all your #pr ppl out there: PLZ make sure what u send media is NOT a 6 pg email. And make the time and day easy to find
Wednesday... Charles and Baltimore...beautiful 73 degrees for a grilled cheese
send me that fuckers info everyone get together and report that dumb fuck
Or just ignore me, I don't mind. I mean it's not as if I wanted to talk to you or anything
Black jack cola!!
Saw a Panda Express with a drive-thru window for the first time. Sadly, the drive-thru did nothing to improve the taste of the chow mein.
q2: Wow, GOOD JOB finding a position and congrats. Not easy in this economy. Srsly
Did you get a copy already? Let me know what you think about the songs, please. Thanks. =)
that stat has its flaws
I know someday being upset about this will all seem stupid , but for now it hurts :/
jeah eats truely Rihanna you is the best my successor
Agree no me gusta la photo.. Did you trade me in 4 a drag queen :/ can be your bff but you can only have #1gaybff me
We're playing tonight in Philly with , and down and get weird with us you fucks!!!
Q6 #TechTea #Ultrabook A few minutes, but it runs a lot of software. The Rapid Start tech would be awesome to have.
Studio 24/7 congratulates Chelsea Alden for booking a LEAD in a Feature Film - shoots in June.
i want to work with you musically
well, what a guy that is. He did you a serious solid.
Overheard well-dressed AA woman@ kroger: I aint never seen a preacher wearin no muthafuggin tight body shirts.
Congratulations! Our Style Agents are coming for YOU!
True. Plus? FREEDOM!!!
watching yall on ! (;
Thanks for following us! -Dove Express
Lol! The financial risks of watching beauty vids on YouTube...Will definitely keep the vids coming. You'd better do the same : )
Love the sound of steady rainfall at night.
All out to join us at #SaveOurClinics at 12pm tomorrow. Large coalition of Clergy will be announcing their full support for our movement.
omg... what happened!
how was this past weekend in Boston? Sorry I couldn't make it out, man.
Give me a call if you were thinking about giving that perfect candy arrangement as a christmas gift!!!
I am at a wedding reception that has a camera on a crane.
It's the way I’m feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go
either way id be surprised if he plays for ND again. Not getting the starting job...he'll transfer.
"Why does water have an expiration date? I mean you don't take a drink of water and spit it out and say 'Ew, it's stale!'"
Clinical tomorrow!.. Vincentian bright and early 👵👴
Wish I had a girl to say goodmornin to =\
Playoffs finally! Way to go
can I get a RT to grab some followers so a beer league west coast hockey team can get a sponsor or 2 follow:
She better
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda, Alpha Rho, Alpha Phi, and Zeta Mu Wins Southern Region Charles H. Wesley Award
Rick Santorum is what happens to you when you accidentally walk in on your parents doing "it".
it means "How are you doing today my good friend??"
Thx for checking out the blog! :D
She's over Smirnoff Ice?
Feeling Good..Can't Complain..All I Need Is A Lil Rain...take a break with me:)
lets work
RT : When we dismantle policies that criminalize students of color then we can talk about if we still need Affirmative Act ...
Now where did we put our mechanical bull? Someone find that dog that will wear a cowboy hat. Thank god we have an illustrator.
Working on UC's virtual campus bookstore
aw thanks Devri!
ya know, I used to live in Germany.
Thanks for following!
Am hoping Barry Manilow will hop next door to the Lyle Lovett concert at the Fillmore for a once-in-a-lifetime duet Saturday.
I cnt breath
Thanks to everyone who came out to lessons last night ! Msg us your email to get the step sheets and weekly reminders!
you receive an email when your app passes cert. Then you either publish it or wait for it to be published.
Too funny. Do you bake? If so, pumpkin muffins are super easy. Better than impulse ice cream. ;)
it takes 21 days to form a habit! and 7 to break one!
Hating someone is not hurting them its just hurting you from having so much anger within yourself
This asian lady drops a case of sunglasses at least one time everyday and always got the same dumb look on her face
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
i like watching my strange addiction because it’s like ‘hey i cry about bands but that lady is addicted to smelling doll heads’
She just tried to ruin the mood something serious lol
Tobias was a nevernude, which means exactly how it sounds
and it all sounds so good and soo good for u!
no sir. Its game 7.
#Yankees Rivera carted off field with apparent knee injury
yess! Cause my bf will be home tomorrow for break from college.
Be one with my femin-ay!!
WHY AM I SO HUNGRY
That's because it stopped being relevant years ago.
Testify on my nigga.. I'ma blow up yo house, for the next few years I'll be in control of the south #TheHottestTopic aka
omg...i hope she gets demoted for all of this
Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin. Robert Collier
#Iona can ball.
freshman year is finally done!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing -
whys this train so fuckin crowded
Is having a hard time getting going this morning.
And what do you do to come home to yourself?
Yes but "written" just means "published" right? So like folk songs, roots could be deeper. Also, links you posted appear dead.
I try my best to feel like a young girl again... i'm growing up too fast :/
I'm sorry buddy! Come up here!
Peace going to bed
Amile Jefferson is set to make decision Tuesday, per
Heard Dakota just arrived.
Welcome to the rotation Estrada! Strikes out the side in the first.
Wait, Payton Manning doesn't want to win a Super Bowl!?!
ah stupid questions I missed by two!! Oh well next time I'll kickass <3
Brilliant flash of light right outside my window and then loud boom. Yikes
Thanks guys!
Ugh. I hate my name. :(
Gettin my #fringe on!
haha sweet. I've done the StarTrek sequel,Glee,Gangster Squad but all background work I'm waiting for my first TV or movie break ;)
No school today! Eating breakfast then going to work on things(:
Gosh. I miss him.
Solo show next Friday night at The Court in New Brunswick, NJ. Get your requests in now.
please keep that forever
2X": “ Im very understanding but I feel like ppl dont hear me out!"
Fabulous weekend with old friends. As usual, so happy to be headed home.
Watching Benjamin Button. Never gets old
Then who did I kill?
that does get annoying
Surprise, surprise. Komen quickly reinstates Planned Parenthood funding after intense public fury. Politics+medicine=explosion.
Hahaha seeing things you didn't really see
My sister doesn't wanna share her wingstop 😡 #whatabitch 👊
Congratulations on new position as CEO of - can't wait to see where you take it next!
I find it odd that libs dont speak out against sharia when its worse than anything Chistianity would do to freedom. NT
Money money money... how much do you think 'The Scream' will fetch at auction? RT
I dont even see my promo on your blog..
after this season I AM OFFICIALLY DONE W/IDOL!!
If you weren't already told this today .... know that you're Amazing and you can do anything you set your mind to!! Follow your dreams!
Cloudy in Orlando today...miss the sunshine!!! But, enjoying the day! :-)
Temporary relief for Sunday night anxiety.
you & better GO! “: NBC is sponsoring 2...and I still dont think I can... unless I walk lol..."
watching on should kids goto college
Good luck to and the rest of my guys from Team Nebraska! Do work in Arkansas this weekend!
If you don't swear off wrestling for 3 months.
Great performance from IIOS during halftime of
Obviously, i like the way you think
Get Weight Loss Tips and Causes of Weight Gain
hey bro
this guy on my fb just called country music not music. Hes not getting away with that. #thingsidontlike:
was disappointing tonight. #buzzbeachball Bush stole the show, for sure.
How about an underground tunnel? (could double as a wine/spirits cellar) ...
shame...shame, where is my drum?
#WideAwake, so my tweets waken up.
Fred! RT : blubber soul
thats just plain stupid
I ain't even mad
Today was definitely a #GoodAssDay ^_^
Oh yeah! Let's get it :D
come watch me on blog
Did I smart-ass tweet bout CWS getting Big Donkey from the Nats last Dec? Ya, I think so. Ignore it, OK? His mojo was in his appendix.
My man #roooooonnnnnnddddddooooo🍀💚🍀💚🍀
the skinny nigga in the white shirt with that crisp ass spin lol
PS spolestra isn't a good coach!! Him and Lionel Hollins make really bad decisions
One of the reasons I got out of academia is b/c I think the university is going to change/collapse. I have Opinions abt it.
get used to it girl because that's how it'll be soon. ;) then you got a whole other year to deal with it ha. 💁
thank you! Sunshine always makes it a happier day :)
The freshmen get a lot of well deserved attention, but it took a Senior () to get us to the Championship game.
Keep dreaming gypsy RT: : I think secretly wants to be my maid!!!
The hardest thing in life is to figure out which bridges to cross, and which ones to burn.
what are you watching? And laying on the couch watching tv. Haha.
bcuz its warm and never snows there.! Ugh I hate the snow and cold so much ew.
"Do you go out with friends?" "Well, a boy's best friend is his mother..."
Business class is the .biz, son
oh thank you <3 so much
Thank you so much Med! I was looking at your portraits and they are lovely! Glad you enjoyed the music <3
Worked on an interview with Seau and at a charity event last season. Junior was so humble and concerned with giving back to SD
: Did you go to high school with Dave Stieb? That helps a lot.
creeper on my shoulder.
Shoutouts to our producer
$2 Bottles and Burgers at LaSalle Power Co. tonight! 500 N. LaSalle, Chcago! We go live at 8pm!!
God damn court is gross !
Nah, I think it's cause we're 1 in HE, 1 in the PW and 2 in the nat'l ranking with 9 wins in a row haha. Really good season.
If you get a chance we should talk
Don't you hate it when you are out of microwave popcorn and also your balls fall off and then you are forced at gunpoint to eat them?
Enjoy! What class are you taking?
What the heck? Why is the wind back. There goes my park time. Mommy doesn't like her hair getting messed up.
We got the questions, God has the answers.
Pussy nigga....scared to get popped by the chicken grease
Just another reminder: the official twitter page for #AnnieAutomatic is !! LoveLoveLove
#ThingsIWantTheMost a voltran full length movie
The 2 h glee tonight is so making my night right now!
“: You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull & mundane parts.”
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
pat metheney - the way up
Watching Eminen~Like Toy Soldiers
st Lucy's playground
Very cool showing a book he created in iBooks on Google Basic Search Tips
The idle mind knows not what it wants.
(c) The street to get some Gatorade. :/
Females that lie about giving head that makes you look childish when someone already knows the truth
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting much from this acct. You can find me also
The rain misting on the camera lens makes me think this #49ers vs #Giants game should be showing on the Lifetime network.
" Vanity Fair‘s website relaunch on Adobe CQ5 " & dozens of accessibility errors
sweet!! Thanks. There's another one on #cxcw of solo as well. It's a fun festival
guess what
Heard woman from Cville introduce her two kids, Gucci and Chanel, on a train to NYC.
Movie was great!
No Response Yet .
can't sleep!
DOIN SOME CLEANING TODAY
love the tie is wearing with his white/cream colored coat.
I have some. We are working on getting the show back on the air as well. Keep you posted.
Dana Laurent is talking about women's health.
it should be done wednesday or thursday,just got to start cleaning my room to make room for it
I'm sick,it's cold,it's boring!
if i have to call AT&T 1 more time, i might have a nervous breakdown.
oh cool haha
I swear is so freakin retarded man!!
I would say to get your mind out of the gutter, but you weren't the only one who misinterpreted that. oops...
One of my favorite investigations!
Happy New Year
I Wish describes me right now! x
It was a pleasure finally meeting you tonight at the screening! Hope to see you around soon!
CHECK OUT THIS WEEK'S GIRLS HELPING GIRLS PAGE FOR THE FEATURE SITE OF THE WEEK - IT'S ALL ABOUT FOOD!!!
still some good free tools as Glen mentions | RT : I
just because I look HAPPY to YOU... dose NOT mean I am HAPPY...... THIS IS ME....
A great day to honor those who have served and those who are serving to defend the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. Say thanks to a Vet!!!!
BC is of course worthy of hatred, and I understand how BU can cause jealousy, but poor NU, Harvard, & little Lowell too?
Would love to see it with scholarly journals. Associations/universities for editorial, libraries for access, archiving.
1D on American TV: Niall on Cake Boss. Harry on Cats 101. Louis on What Not to Wear. Zayn on Americas Next Top Model. Liam on Super Nanny.
You're a ginger?
Praise the lord for no school tomorrow!
Swim forever or learn to breathe bullshit.
We're really starting to see a lot of interesting session ideas being thrown up for next weekend's
I need to get back to the gym...
where da FUCK are you ms tonsils me and are slitting our wrists with ms. Quinn
RT NO PROMISES, mind you, but is any other THATCamp in negotiation w/a Taiwanese surf rock house band?
Rickie Fowler is playing some serious golf right now.
Am I in over my head or does every chapter just say the exact same thing?
Lets get some questions for tonights show!!
We move from Anthony Hoffmann's Helvetica to Nick Proferes' riff on Penguin covers.
I want Donald to go home.
fan of what???
yes you do you ):
From my window, I can see the Crew team practicing on the lake out in the snow. I give them props and respect.
actually he was my boss when I was 19 & in college! I can email you some galleries to look at. We WILL travel ANYWHERE
Please email .
Hi there! RT : Welcome!
5 minutes until the music starts at Church. Patrick Coman up first. Come join us and grab a pint. Max and I need more BEER BUDDIS!
why should what matter
#shitmyparentsneverworriedabout I have no idea why my computer is sending you ads for boner pills
nea jazz masters awards last in ny ctr. awardee johnny mandel conducted jalc orch in sublime "shadow of your smile" feat wynton
Can I get the Radio Promo code?
…and by “read,” I mean digest over days and weeks, returning to each book in different moods and at different hours of the day…
oh you gotta love #HCO hahaa
Dog barking CAN & WILL get u kicked out of a dog friendly motel 6.
I go to Proteges, so I get whoever. This new gal did it this time. I'll like it when it's time to get it cut again.
I really don't even have a preference between them at all, either way I'd be rooting for the kings in the finals
so P Diddy just yelled out "Black Power" during interview at dunk contest. um...im not even goin there
That's crazy. On Mother's Day people be tryna dawg single moms but on Father's Day ya'll wanna praise them.
Whoa! Sounds awesome! Hope you were trippin like crazy!
I wish for austin 2 be bigger than jb coz his voice is epic ♥ wen ppl say they love him Ill be like I was here first kid !xx♥♥♥
"Whatever happens, at least we’ll be together for infinity and beyond."
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
hi Giang! Running late, won't be there until about 5, can we push it back? Apologies!
lol shit I can work with that
Aw thank u twin sis for supporting me!;* please follow she is a fun girl!and I love her she looks exsactly like me lol :)
umm...that doesn't sound too good.
This is going to be the Fall of good mellow & soulful music releases! Between & , Sep will be a good month!
You are the SCARIEST guy when you get that crazed look in your eye and drop the gloves. The refs were even scared.
do you know where I can get a compost barrel thing. I know you can make em but jeff wnats to buy one
just because you love food, that has nothing to do with weight gain
Stay tuned this hour to 's Morning Mess for Kelly Clarkson tickets and a spot on our Karmin VIP guess list!
so gOrGeOuS!!!! Love your dress and shoes!!!
You guys are awesome! I am showered and feeling much more human! Thanks!
we're getting there! Very soon!!
I live everyday like its my last. Sorry I like to have fun and not give a fuck about what you have to say or think about me.
happy birthday!!!
I just texted you! Omg ik I have so much to tell you!(: I miss talking to you!
Nice meeting you, too! :)
glad the fans are making the rounds #hotchella! Ooh pix!! Xx
bout to get on that #NoGenre tomorrow
Dodgers fall to the brewers in extra innings final score 3-2
RT: If all things, people and thoughts are energy, what will be your energy today?
If u're doing is what's right for u, it is not work, even if u're getting paid 4 it. If it isn't right, it's usually damn hard work.
how can I help you today ? Christopher / / 602.573.4157
The new girl on espn!! <333333
Songs I'm unsick of: Rolling In The Deep. No judging.
What e-mail should I send it to? Does your King's e-mail work still?
Our life goes out of balance when we try and control our own lives ... Let Go and Let God
I hope u get better sorry I couldn't tel u that earlier I had to help someone so I just wanted to say get well and I love u :)
What's good homie?Tryna link/collab if u are up to workin w/ new producers/writers! Where can I send u some work to check out?
I will definitely. I haven't been in this situation where I've needed someone to do simple things for me like help me with a >
exactly. Hey I'm at a hospital. Imma call you when I leave
A6 Sometimes we bring our recycling back home with us on a road trip.
u should shout out my middle schools team tommorrow night, we doing our end of season basketball party at blazers game
was tonight the only nite u were going to see the play?
it's definitely my favorite part of baseball so far. I got a scary amount done during that game.
Just finished working out at the finch
BOA froze my account and won't let me get my money! Giving to the government tomorrow unless mom files forms re:name change? Help
Wonderful class last night. Thank you (as always)!
I swear #oomf makes it their daily goal to piss me off
and from the crew will be at Pier 45 this evening to network with Who else will be there?
best of luck!
I gotta stop
Is it too early to say....BALL GAME??? These boys are gettin done bad... Any chance for a Laker comeback this game? Doubtful I think...
you're welcome
How are my Twins looking?!?!
also check out his mos dub album
yea to be honest, it bothers me greatly. I wanted all three of my daughters to become nuns, or lesbians.
nice. She will be missed!
Teacher:Dickenzy me:ayy that's my slave name
i think it's called glasses
four more hours for what?
who do u miss
Thanks Followers! Crossed the 2000 threshold last week. Thanks for your support for #Microsoft #Exchange Migration Services.
“: some friends and I have had that on a shared google docs of "date ideas" for a while! yes. Link me!!
Great! :) we're covering the July 19th date so we'll see you there!
roll out soon please follow us for updates! and like our facebook page too! DETROPIA THE FILM
Good, that'd be such an ugly scene
If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.
I love the narrow and silly ways the "black agenda" gets defined
Just scheduled my fall staycation!! So happy to have something to look forward to!!
Pooping in the dark sucks.
pretty much at peace with the flow right now. Not about apathy, isn't required. By the time needed?, would need redone.
Staring art my new Artoday. I will not be intimidated....
Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
I was quite pleasantly surprised:) you did a fantastic job putting that together!
Ill take you to the shady lady, make time for it... haha
Who wants to talk :-)
thanks for the RT ;)
f*****ck that movie!
LEGGO....Last nite woke something up in me that I didn't realize I had. Let's keep this unity alive fam & work work work.
"The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction."
Been to our team nottingham meeting today to organise our events at #MIPIM. If u are going to MIPIM contact us to meet up.
what's with the "thicker/longer" ad on your station? Don't tell me you're trying that too?!!!!
Cool, invite me over! Sure beats in bed with fever. RT : Somebody next door is playing the heaviest of metal in all the land
just started receiving the mailing and am so impressed. Thank you!
"High expectations are the key to everything"~ Sam Walton
How's everyone doing tonight?
Welcome to Twitter, Kristin!
the festival was amazing! i competed in Cheerleading ! hope we compete there again !
good morning everyone! I did have a better sleep. Gotta go have some breakfast now! Pancakes...yummy!
Haha maybe next time!
free download of our first EP and new single on our website www.lazercake.com
awkward turtles yep
Grammatical error.. Going to fast and not rereading
Histriock My Body >
Why thank you doll :) That means a lot, seriously
Almost to 50 likes! :) Next person who likes Saver Gator gets 4 tickets to an Indians Game!
Thank you and everyone else, too many people to tweet who helped make this weekend! Can't wait to chill again soon =P
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough
Wow, just did my good deeds for the week. Leaving HRH and people ask for help jumpin battery...Then their dog escapes and I went and got it.
Alright Patriots lets make this game your b***h! :D
Ok Carlos is defenetly learning how to swimm
Hell yea I got it tym to du my thang
The hottest chat line Miami,Texas,NYC,Cali,and all of Latin America web cam or no web cam esta caliente la cosa live from Bayside@ da 305
joke joke joke :D
the scourge? No! Gimmicky? Yes! We have gotten too far away from good single player experiences in the name of motion/multiplayer!
so sad to have missed it - sounds like it was awesome!
How the fuck do I do these twitter backgrounds? Shit is harder than MySpace was -____-
Come on tmobile, draw something doesnt open on my phone anymore. Ugh
DID I TELL U GUYS I WAS IN CHURCH IM FINNA PASS OUT
Gina, do you know when the new parking garage will open at hard rock?
Funny how wrong spelled Terrance J (TerrEnce ) was trending and fake account popped up trying to get artists to DM them. lmao
Erin say Johnny Cupcakes!
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. - Benjamin Franklin
self confidence: ability to look at the world without the need to find signs that prove you right. - nassim taleb
#whenihavekids I'm homeschooling. I don't trust the public school system.
Thanks for RT the other day about Ward's & Irish Fest! You won 2 tixs.
Premier league title comes down to Man United and Chelsea. They've won 13 of the 17 #EPL titles between the two of them!
Being an airline brat isnt all it's cracked up to be. Trapped yet again :/ ...Least I get to bother miss for the evening ✈❤💃
some people call it hag on your back
Jon Luther keynote speaker straight talk on Dunkin Brands.
tomorrow, the cmc board goes away to the woods for 2 days of strategic planning. and possibly a cocktail or two. :)
ARGH. I wonder how much aggregate time of your life is wasted in contract negotiations. Blech.
Contributions are starting to roll in! Two anonymous $200 donations! I hope that we can keep the momentum up!
Goodnight Justin (:
Lol how's school been? :')
Studies show breakfast eaters eat fewer calories over the course of the day and therefore have better success in weight loss and control.
Joesph it was a pleasure speaking with you!
#leavehim if he wants sell drugs forever and yall have kids
Anybody know who's speaking at #TEDxMileHigh this month?
is the shit!
We would love to see you again!
I'm always amazed at the lack of basketball IQ out there. Then no one tweets back and I wonder if I'm losing it. So thank you.
Thanks for the Follow, Chris!
It's clearly a ticket from the future!
Just found I can laugh until I cry in the midst of being depressed. Fuck nothing makes sense.
Has anyone else notice everything is better than ever?
God is a lot like a coach & he will pull you aside sometimes. He benched me... It took me awhile to figure out why... Continued next tweet
Thanks for the follow... I just followed you back!
Who is your person who you look up to?
god y'all suck..
Many many modernists were involved in plans for or fictional responses to world government between the wars. Discuss.
One week from today, we hit the studio to record the follow-up to the New Mexico EP! We'll be posting photos and other random stuff.
Cool Soo where u live
”I would rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not.” - Lucille Ball
New Character in the Works: "The Octopus-The Moonchild Octopus".
if that same mom wants to treat me tomorrow...let her know I'm available :-)
So what does it mean if he loses? “: Maloney says he had calling from God to campaign, says God is with him.”
Why do our US national holidays favor right-wing Republicans.?
Just kidding<3
Just 2 Members away from 3,500! Who's it gonna be?
Undun by The Roots was on heavy rotation this past weekend!
Thanks Rachel. We appreciate the nice nod.
With the 2 best NBA defensive players ever on the #Heat in LBJ and Wade, I'm surprised the #Pacers even score at all
Come on #windows you piece of shit OS. All I'm trying to do is change a filename....
Yeah, I've seen all that and looked at the data. Dropbox will need to adjust pricing.
Im glad you enjoyed it. Im thinking about bedazzling it, or making it AO themed.
So glad you could attend! Hard to not feel the #AD4MH love in that room. :)
Happy New Year, minions!
Get ahold of a rubber fish and go as Cape Cod
RT : wow #ParanormalActivity is trending...please come to Reno scary movie. --agreed. We may need to plan a trip to the bay!
Only because I don't want to pay for my car to be here. It's not even worth it yet.
So much to do in so little time!!!!!
Dissatisfaction = a call to #change. You're good at adapting, making the best of things. Yet the call will get louder.
Hi Kelly,Beautiful work. Love your artist statement.
enjoted this post on Southern heritage and remembrance.
Only would make it awkward to look at Instagram around my family lol
RT : Today in 1975, the S.S. Edmund Fitzgerald sinks during a storm on Lake Superior, taking all 29 crew members with her.
Generally OBSESSED with our artists! Love, love, love our members!
#aintnothinglike basketball in the bluegrass!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE. (: I LOVE YOU!
": RT if you hate school" i rather not go, but my sister, in africa, doesnt have the opportunity that i have. so i appreciate it.♥
No excuse not to eat that salad for lunch as is giving away FREE salads tomorrow at its new Flatiron location 18 East 23rd St.
FWIW, the battery life is supposed to improve a lot with Verizon ICS 4.0.4. New Radios.
Yeah! Yesterday! :)
Buy popular demand Ortega's Appliance now works on Bosch front load washers and dryers
So ready for Spring to actually hit with some warm weather...
Happy Thanksgiving. We live in a beautiful world. Thank you God for giving us life to enjoy!
I do love my 10 minute "commute"...plus or minus a minute or two, depending on which stop lights I hit. ;)
i: u should go to China or Japan
#NP "I Won't Give Up" - Jason Mraz ♥
I so wish I could be there. Regards to the class of '73. (that's 19)
Have a great weekend and Happy Halloween everyone. See you Monday!
I BEEN TWEETING PEOPLE. JUST NOT YALL. I TWEET MUSIC PEOPLE
how did you know? Cadbury eggs are my favorite.
Sounds good! :-) RT Bottle of wine chilling, time to get my blog on! Glad to see you tweets!
Adding insult to injury = sitting in bumper to bumper traffic trying to get back into New Jersey
When a Hoe tells you "Don't Trust these Hoes.." You better listen! hahaha
So it seem my phd alma matter, UKY, is ”developing” what my dissertation there did in 2006. Sigh
RT ; If you think is a cutiee (;
good! May she have a speedy recovery.
where'd you get the sphynxs and were they affordable?
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy. ~Norman Schwarzkopf
#SalemOR Tomorrow (Saturday) Noon-6PM on the steps of the State Capitol, catch and other artists at Cherry City Music Fest: Hip-Hop
Had a nice dinner
- There is ONLY ONE - It's Always a BIG MISTAKE to Biopic a SUPERTALENT...Whitney was a ONE-OFF.
It's Friday. Jeans are practically mandatory on fridays.
^esI think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what...
But still cooler than an Otter Pop
The dems new ally...Ted Nugent! Just like Palin in 08. Hey, I'm independent...just saying...certain ppl need muzzles.
RT Where broadcasting live on usream from inside in(ustream.tv/channel/djdru2004
nothing I'm trying to fix my iPod so I can text you instead...
not sushi, went into a Greek place. Estia, on locust & broad
is digging Highrise. Excellent software!
Did the real CMPUNK from the WWE contact us to make a theme song for his new web show? Find out next @ ZenLive.tv
. Lets go Melo you have a squad behind you. Let,s go NY...
Positively awesome. I look forward to seeing it.
Heat NEVER come out strong at home for some reason. I think it has something to do with the starting lineup.
Bye OKC see u in a month
more pics please! keep them coming! #JuliesWedding ;)
Cyber Monday! Tell us where you got the best deals!
Mrning peeps its friday time to party have a great werkend n be blessed
I have reason to believe the person stalking around in front of my apartment is a hooker. Watching through the window.
Ugh , finally off work my feet hurt. Del Taco then home to my love .
Did Huggins say what set him off at the end of the game?
About to cook with coconut oil for the first time. This fancy food shit is killing me.
If I ever have a band, I'm calling it The Eponymous Naming Conventions.
I'm gonna trust you with this. The last time I went swimming I almost drowned.
o_0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
can't wait to see MEST! It's been way too long! The NYC show can't come soon enough!
yup! i used to teach in chelsea (in nyc) and had many LGBT students and parents; did ss unit on INTOLERANCE inc. LGBT
I will pray for you. God forgives most ignoramuses.
D.C. local cover band playing all the songs that make you get up and dance. www.myspace.com/justwannaplay
Listening with your whole body is an important present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we truly listen
Ok friday it's a date“ end of the week hun”
yes I am, lol
LeBron James is better than Michael Jordan. 👍
I get to be in the audience tonite for Oprah's first LIVE Lifeclass show! Watch it tonite on OWN at 7 AND 10PM-U mite see me there smiling!
Osborne: slow and boring can be ok. 'Avalanches cause a ruckus. Glaciers change the world.' Oh that HPC would be a gospel glacier!
those among our go to sources too. Thanks for all you do for
Really don't like the people I live with. When I move out Ill be loving them from a distance.
“: are you forgetting that its May 7th? #EphesiansKeys”
aw happy three month anniversary(:
I wanna see Kansas and Louisville make it final.
Rashaaaaaaaddddd!!! What's good?? How you doing? I miss my natives
we all stayed home on the same day.... oh tay the dad in awkward is so hot
trying to catch up on email...
Free wings at Hooters if you take your mom.
the music students had a fun reference assignment last week that brought back memories of my LIS 'Search and Seiz(ure)' exercises.
“A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning!
There's an App for that.
Happy #veteransDay Shout out to all the #veterans that got us to where we are #today:) #thankyou!
I love pizza.
what kind of box?
Took time this weekend to recharge my battery, Monday morning
Where is the best place to get cheesecake in #Milwaukee!?
Got a W with 2 starters out.....great team effort!
Coffee and hiking should be the start of everyday...RT : Plan of the day... Hike, write.. And pack :) first.... Coffee! :D
you welcome:) aww cool:D x
Can't wait for y'all to see these Grip tv interviews! S/O for do her thing!
Happy birthday !!
hm sure ;D your gorgeous ...
At least my wish came true..
#amwriting on LINEAGE, and it's at 70.1k atm. Should be finished with this draft by the end of next week. Maybe the weekend if all goes well
Friends will always ride with you in a limo but it is a real friend that will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Feeling really rushed with tonight's prayers for world peace recognizing God's about to be distracted with TEBOW-TIME!
it's ok prayers go out to you all!
hahahaha your still 86ed from our kitchen lol. Why are you not here?
I'm so addicted to grilling I'm hoping it will outweigh the risk factors :)
54% of all MBA students admit to cheating, does this come as a surprise to you?
aww man, I was looking forward to it so much. I love you and Piper you guys are so awesome :)
That last tweet about tiger was a little premature.
Magic kingdom<3. ; Suck it byotches. (;
I DO NOT MEAN TO STRIKE FEAR IN ANYONE'S HEART BUT...
I hadn't realized "Dig a large hole at the base of the patio" was on today's to-do list. Apparently The Dogs r working off their own agenda.
hm still no call from Daphnee for my promo rate. Have I been dropped from the radar again?
At Chick setn up
When Austin's online Twitter becomes so alive. (:
We work w/ social, private and public sectors to advance health & human potential for vulnerable populations
Time to quit playn
Will you help me when I get my work?
I love u Eeeershhhhley
#LIUNA General President Terry O'Sullivan taking the podium...buckle up!!
best tweet ever.
Voodoo Doughnut Bacon Maple Ale. Like breakfast in a pint glass. Yum!
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.
Robin Harper is seeking input on educational potential for Metaplace
Interesting post about iPad remorse.
Record an album with Anton Music Productions and we will build you a free website!
if I were lucky then you would be here. ;)
Ba. Haha. Oh well, next time. Good job tonight, even tho u had certain style restrictions,meaning club wanting one thing.
own more trampolines.
More shocking #NFL news to #Packer fans is that someone willigly signed Pat Lee?!!? Yes.....IR Pat Lee!
Fascinating panel on overfishing held earlier today with , Ray Hillborn, and Boris Worm. Watch and follow here:
The rest of the Short Love Quotes:
": Yeah make It happen when you wanna do business" What U mean "business" fam tho?
How Social Media Can Help You Snag Top Talent For Your Company
I know it's been a long wait; but we hope to make an announcement with countdown soon- and expect a big party at opening.
They're ok. It's like any other fast joint. Expresso Amono in the ville has a really good one.
Lol Kobe got blocked
RT Integrating social media in future. Real time feedback is how we will experience our world.
Stiemsma and Garnett are a nice duo in Boston's frontcourt.
One of the best mornings ever, thankyou
Oh my goodness, I have also never seen snoring be so cute. RT You have never seen a mouse be this adorable (VIDEO)
- 80 gal. Gotta' love it. And <3 that L.A. has finally arrived in the #CraftBeer revolution. Cheers to THAT. And, congrats!
Get tech into other products would be the thing to do. The #Kodak brand still means something for photo quality.
Nope. Now I'm curious - what are you trying to find out?
Np at all we celebrate
Ugh I can't wait to be out of this gay evolution class, more trouble then it's worth
marrying a trapstar, life will be a breeze
Aint shit going on at work today
I believe the transformation of this team directly correlates with the cutting of Lambs hair. Just sayin....
Google us "Nilima Rugs"
I miss you too, loves
go take it to tmobile they will fix it
I know(: it's not gonna be there for long...(:
RT : I like Commons as presented by Acquia at
no, sadly. I looked everywhere and you're just so fabulous no one could find sh*t. How are you???
Molina again?
what was that about?
david so mean lol
I like seeing the chin.
": I hate the nerds that cover up their answers. Like come on, let's work together bro."
that might've been about you ;)
Ross Todd on common core: we help in "mastering the fusion of others' and own ideas"
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
Amazing how many people think they know boxing on twitter. And no, I'm not one of them.
The funny part about this show is that the untrained designers are winning!
Hello cumguzzling idiots ! (;
Do you think the current Mayor will respond to our questionnaire??
It's too easy to read the history of the twentieth century as episodic. We need histories that emphasize the continuities.
Just started a facebook page. Chiropractic by Dr. Black. Not much there right now, but....there will be soon. :)
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
I'm always disappointed when a liar's pants doesn't actually catch on fire! ;)
Band practice tonight. Any suggestions re our name??
yeah lol at all the souvenir type stores at downtown I see those all the time. But never exactly that 1, I guess u gotta hunt it
I'm bored...my nephew is sitting here with me xD
And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country.
Its been a while, but were still on it. Bunch of new shit to come out soon
Now these three remain: faith, hope, & love. But the greatest of these is LOVE. 1 Corin. 13:13
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun's restaurant 8*twelve will be on Bluemound Rd. in Brookfield right down from the mall.
No show tonight guys! Sick all week last week and still recovering. Last weeks show will be up in a few!
Lol well i don't like him , so i guess Haha
Watching The Who in concert at Albert Hall in London (DVD). Back in 2000. Interesting, although I liked the Queen's concerts better.
Surprised at SuccessFactors acquisition by #SAP. The "make companies fun" mantra by SuccessFactors doesn't jibe with SAP culture.
Vietnam Veterans... you are appreciated. You continue to honor our country and your COURAGE LEADS!
alot of girls cant stand me but they dont understand me ..
tonight, tomorrow night @ 7 and tomorrow and Sunday @ 2 pm.
Cats: Meow meow meow Meow meow meow Meow meow meow. Me: YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DOMINATE THE WORLD YET. STFU.
Gluten Free Dominos Pizza >
At county hospital. Never seen so many people in crutches..... I lost count after 204!
contact us for savings today...
thats AWESOME did you get it early? <3
I'm keeping up w/ the gospel project, especially today
Lol, ditto on everything.
Is there someplace on the interweb where I can download or stream/watch the Independent Spirit Awards from a few weeks ago?
lol good one
So much fun last night. Thank you and aotearoa for the best Friday
We need more music.
Shaggy, you Scooby & Velma go downstairs & check the basement; Daphne & I'll go upstairs & check the bedrooms" Well played Fred, well played
Surrounded by millions of people, but always alone.
..count down to your BIG day eh? :) Congratulations!
I love it when a hot guy in your school gives you a hug but not any other girl. Lmfao that's funny as fuck. ahahahahaha.
I wasn't aware. Would you have a link to this story?
cults have catered events?
what did you mean by that question??
Cracks me up that people buzz about social media as a new discipline. To us, it's just a new channel to communicate strategic PR messages.
#Nuggets Andre Miller is the old guy at the gym nobody wants to guard
Do Drugs and Extreme Sports go "hand in hand"? CBS19's Rachel Ryan with more on a new NIKE ad controversy. Watch CBS19
7 days till the Patent Pending show with at The Polish Club in Poughkeepsie! Who's comin out?!
I like it Paul... likes it!
hai austin you look hawt in diz picture. grow your hair out.
You a bitch and so is yo bf,yall gone have bitch made ass kids....
#mymomwouldbeatmyassif I ate her little yogurts she only buys for herself!
Phew. You will live to cook another day!
Don't leave me in the house alone or Butler Bag will be in my trunk while you walk Scooby! LOL
The toilet paper at work keeps getting worse. So thin you can see through it. Where do they buy it? Never seen anything this cheap in stores
its a really good show... It doesn't really build on itself until like halfway through though
Neat! How are we getting those library copyright spinners?
so worth it ;)
What are u thinking about? Ur thinking too small for what ur life is to be. Let the small stuff go & go
Star Wars marathon on Spike..started on Episode 1 going through 6! Currently on IV, A New Hope
Santa baby, eat the rest of my cookies, please. Gotta live long so I don't push up daisies. Hurry 'cause I'm eyeing Christmas candies!
Does it not give you the radio-feed option? If it does, I would strongly recommend it. No one should have to listen to Caray.
Dan Yergin has mentioned his book twice while testifying at Senate Energy. He wrote a book, you know.
Entertaining ourselves by watching the hardcore runners battle the walk of shamers for sidewalk this am.
Why's that?
Speed matters - e.g. Google Instant which delivers rapid, meaningful search results as you type
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
I love peanut butter.
This must really sting.
Scored lots of goodies 2day!
girl. They did it the way only we can. I wasn't ready for that.
are you repainting? what color?
so 74 degrees in miami, Florida :)........ and 36 degrees in silver spring, maryland...... hm. lol :) so glad im not home right now.
your entry is basically proof that you talked about our website and posted a link to it.Take a screenshot of it and send it :)
Ewwww I don't like you... ur thinner than a sheet of looseleaf and its beyond gross
Wanted: app that shocks me when remiss on my social media duties. On 2nd thought, no - battery life bad enuf already.
Omgomgomgomgomg. Jason's coming home tonight! Ah. I'm so excited. c:
Awww good for Ronnell he has fans how cute :)
I don't understand how this is a black/white issue. Isn't Zimmerman hispanic? Either way, you can't assault people.
aww I miss you too <3
Part of me wants to be your roommate.
Four weeks left for this quarter; I'm ready for a break.
Nothing is better than when your bestie says "You look SO cute today!". Best feeling ever.
Tough final shot, tough loss, but one of the better Badgers games I've ever seen
Happy Birthday! 28 years of delicious brews!!
Won Game 3 in OT
just bought a mothers day card to send out to Atlanta just to let my Queen know she's always on my mind. she's all i have. love my mom. :-)
The number 69 appeared a lot in math today. lol.
Can you require approval to be put into a circle? A temporally suboptimal solution since you're famous...but it's somethin'
too lazy to delete all of Sophie's old tweets, so can't really start fresh. Just gunna start OFFICIALLY tweeting Monday.
I'm honored to know you twittermaster
I dare you to lol
Ohh when does that start?
wish I could have dialed you in to our Singapore summit meetings since you were up :-)
Also notable: My surprise 20yrs after sitcom "E/R" to discover its origin in Chicago theater.
Happy New Year! Next on the schedule WORLD'S!!!!!!!!
It's almost Valentine's Day! A lot of people meet their sweethearts at RISD, so help keep the magic alive by giving to the #RISDAnnualFund!
ave been for a while. Your driving me nuts. Just stop.
now we're talking. Chocolate too I hope.
Apple sold 35 million iPhones last quarter. Now that so many people have one, do you think the iPhone is still a status symbol?
Looking forward to seeing you there at #SLA2011!
New show announced 2/3 fri @ boomerangs w/ chiva knievel! FREE! come witness the rebirth!
just liked all of your pictures on instagram. you're welcome. :D
Shout out to !
#Bad_Etiquette: Clicking over to answer your call-waiting and holding a full conversation while the person YOU CALLED is still on hold.
Great work, guys!
follow back??
Spinning tonight at the crazy Black Friday "Little Black Dress Party" at On The Rox in Kankakee.
We sell laptop batteries at highly reduced values. Consumers need a trustworthy, competitive US based alternate to OEM's.
Even better!
haha I loved that video u posted. Made my day!
Got that white owl white grape
hey you're sending us spam. Please change your password.
is awesome! You should give a try.
"Mama may have, Papa may have But God bless the child that's got his own That's got his own " Billie Holiday
#SHOUTOUTTO which side of manchester the blue or red half?
Why'd I stop watching Adult Swim Sunday nights? I missed out on so much or maybe not. The Dr. Brule show is out of hand
Thanks so much!
yes, and I know my dentist, good guy and all, but cant trust him. =)
No comment
#WhaleWars Congratulations and Ty! I hope whaling is really over.
google and their army of Androids..
Hunt: can't exclude ppl with the guns from the table, but can get a bigger table to include women, youth.
The champ came out to that "Riot" "Please don't get us excited" -
Presley is a fucking beast!!!!
You say you still like me but you tell everybody you don't and that you like someone else.... k..../:
"To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!"
It's a bad one. But Mariners have fairly respectable record against Verlander. Still, likely going to be ugly.
Need a GREAT literary agent? These folks are accessible, online, real.
Lost phones will cost consumers $30 billion in 2012.
Diaspora spam? I'm impressed!
what the hell is going' on over there in good ol' CO?!
Thursday nights just got better! Sexy Thursday @ Silk ultra club! its the place to be ladies are free all night! $3 u call it! $100 bottles!
Leaving Vegas, a bit sleep deprived and a bit hurt.
got my first 9 on the Spivak essay!
Relationships Can Never Be Between TWO People !
This shit is getting on my damn nerves if he wouldn't have touch me then he would not his face messed up
no sadly.
I understand
awesome! people will finally know where i get all my awesome clothes without me having to tell them over and over again.
should not be ashamed as MILLIONS of others feel the same way ;)
Yes... I'll have another.
Nameless Sound & MECA: Creative Music Ensembles for Young People - Summer 2010 classes begin Wednesday, June 16, 2010
good morning...how are you this morning? :)
can't sleep cuz it's damn hot inside here!! :/
14ppl retweeted me on mi last post aww i feel loved!
Taking a shot of that "café" before prom 😁
Oh North Carolina, way to play up the bigot stereotype of the South. Such a shame.
I want to open my laptop and play GC but, i so lazy to do that.
Just madee a twitter, mahhhdddd cool. (:
sick naw I gotta dj friday
We had fun!
I can only imagine.
On mother's day too
happy happy bday!!!!!! I'm super geeked, love ya lots to the man who inspired me to take my poetry to hiphop and bk again! I'm a fan!!
Audrey: this tea tastes like dirty socks *later* Lauren: (pointing to tea) hey, can i have some dirty sex? Me:LOL Audrey: O_o?
Check out my new column, Last I Checked, at www.channel3000.com
Finally, #Flyers talk on ! Stoked for what looks like a #Flyers & Penguins Playoff series.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER MISS EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
At visioning mtg for Boston's new urban agriculture initiative. Standing rm only!
I am going to enjoy watching the 2nd story blow off the half finished house across the street. Wind Advisory in Wisconsin. 35 mph winds.
It's funny how my dads ex girl works here and me and him just smile everythime she passes by lmao
i know how that is ! I'm here for you if you needa talk (:
Probably not. I've heard of parents reading it to 7-year-olds, but under 4 is a stretch. If you like I can send you a copy to try.
She doesn't let me out of her sight-- I went in the bathroom to put on makeup and she curled up behind me. I live in a studio apartment.
omg stop messing with Kim she will do what she wants when she gets good and ready damn it
I do not. Maybe in a former life. :) <3 #books and libraries.
will have update re from sf bay, advs. how to reach you
SAT sold out THX 4 the support BAY!!!...NICE look and all the artist SLAPPED..GOD is GOOD!!!
They say money's not everything, & they're right, it's really not/ but those words are usually said by those who have none or a lot--K-Rino
thanks Cam
I'm ready for some playoff basketball. Cavs win. Hawks win. Heat win. Jazz win.
oh goodmorning to you too lol but ugh I just cant with this gaahdamn state first chance I get im out of here(IL) lbs
P.S. WHEN YOU FIND OUT PEOPLE ARE FOR THEMSELVES YOU LEAVE THEM BY THEMSELF.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously head..dome..neck...brain..skully...if she can't do it right...it will neva work son!
Loved the video! You rocked it!
Woo! made it to 100 tweets! Hooray for being an amateur! :P
When people constantly bring you up <
LET'S FUCKING GO CMPUNK! BEST IN THE WORLD!
At Last: A Tribute to Etta James THIS SUMMER @ Women's Voices!
Stay tuned followers: our latest teen and #parent video competition will launch online tomorrow!
Just used my first Viggle rewards. $20 to Sephora for watching tv? Done! (seriously, you should get it)
Thanks for the FB Chris. Cheers!
Shalom Mr. Kedem, this is Kitty Hawk on EA.
I didnt even know there was a Honey 2
: ESPN Mike & Mike interview the winner of the BassMaster fishing contest EVERY YEAR. He isn't even an athlete. But he's a guy.
And of did a great job... Very well received.
Happy Leap Day! More significantly, happy IL primary fundraising deadline! Please consider making a contribution to
Washington County DA confirmed, homeowner in Slinger acted legally and in self-defense in killing Bo Morrison, 20, for being inside a porch.
I love getting called in on my day off.
If I graded on camera whoring with my friends .. I'd pass no doubt!
Thank you everyone for tonight I know my sis had a blast.because she cried most of the night lol I LOVE YOU
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I have lost all confidence in Eric Wedge's ability to put the #Mariners in the best position to win on a nightly basis. So frustrating.
could you do a MLB team too?
Welcome to the Nevada Museums Association twitter feed!
TGIF and Aloha! Happy Friday to one and all from the SharingHawaii.com Team! #Aloha #Hawaii Follow Friday Happy Halloween
I think he is being humbly confident, which he has to be. We should win them all but I care far more about Feb 5 than 16-0!
those are the people who make me rock back and forth in a corner.
Veterans Across America needs volunteer mentors to help veterans find jobs Email me @
Without snacks, I feel, nothing.
Looking for an exciting opportunity in a hyper growth SaaS Company? We need you. Check out our opportunities- and consider joining ZirMed…
I Thought You Lived In Houston?!
been taking a little hiatus due to Bean-cats care this week. kidney levels back to normal. so glad the little girl is still with us.
Moving #erodingsubmodel Tweets to #nfais upon request of our organizers!
Final night of my sketch show SummerCaliNarcissisticSexPealaDoucheUs! Tonight, 10 PM Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd. SO FUN!
I know, but the finale made me feel at peace about it.
Wat it do world
Great hanging out. Till next time
im kind of in one of those moods where everyone and everything either pisses me off or makes me really upset
Pretty sure everyone is raging right about now.
no problem dude!
Madonna showed us she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the half time show! Kudos to Madonna, she's still got it!
: They must be thinking "content farm" - hard to tell, maybe, th edifference between your kind of curation and... that
Still deliberating on the Oatmeal Stout, but we're leaning toward the "I'm on a boatmeal Stout"
Busy AM already! Prepping for workshop and my PR speech to the future Strawberry Queens! Less than 2 months away!
Today ended up being a pretty good day!
Great Texas Cleanup this Saturday ! Come by and chat with us.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
We are now on Twitter! Follow us for more great updates and news.
lol. You are too adorable for words.
That's reasonable. To which experts do you turn for financial advice?
"Weird is a relative, not an absolute term." -- Baron Frank N. Furter
Supermoon viewing foiled by cloud cover. Said I'd finish homework before playing w/ new computer. But date night at 112 Eatery was lovely.
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
Oh man. I need to mentally and emotionally prepare myself. I'll be in NY in June, would love to catch up!!
Happy birthday
Solid nap
We need a way out with a goal of financial sense and sensibility. That is the responsibility of the most lucky and wealthy if they care.
Cleveland casino might not open May 14 as scheduled due to delay in licensing casino workers.
I know some ppl insecure about themselves they don't know how to be real
I am your biggest fan, and I love you, but you're changing, and a lot of girls don't like it, including me.. reconsider selena
i totally lied, i'm continually crying like a bitch :(
Thank you!
we need a new place for it too..let me know what you end up with!
": every time i see the word 'paypal' in tech news, it's about something negative the company has done." Lets change that...
good things happen to good ppl 💚
not with louisville. It will get worked out. A Kentucky vs Indiana challenge would be cool. Purdue IU, Butler v UK UofL and Murray
Makin way thru music from #sxsw last week, but made time for some Commodore #Jazz Vol2, Mosaic, that I just landed, 23 LPs, :-) Classic!
ARGH. Why do the Brewers only seem to play in the afternoons when I have a meeting?
Losing is always tough. But the teams with true toughness, never let a loss get them down. They use that lost as motivation.
why are you downloading viddy for him tho?
that gif from our vid is dope! :D
Win a FREE membership! RT : Take a picture in The Wizard of Oz exhibit & enter Fan Photo contest by posting it on our FB wall!
To all the Detroit Press Reporters: why does nobody have the nuggets to ask Leyland why he plays Raburn every day?
R.I.P Whitney Houston. May her soul found some peace in the after life.
I guess u got cho hair done ? I should come over n wake YO ass up
I'M GONNA SHOOT THE NEXT MOTHER FUCKER THAT NUDGES ME ON DRAW SOMETHING.
follow back please? (:
NY-ers! Do you speak+read Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Korean, Lithuanian, Polish, Dutch, or ASL? Are you free on Sat? I need your help. Plz RT
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
2012 will kill us all... duh
Latinos disagree with Filner's party or policies?
Support our Holiday Toy Drive by sending toys by mail or drop them off @ 59 Lincoln Park, Newark, NJ. We will also arrange for pick-up
Join us for a Meet & Greet at 2 ProHealth Plaza in Lake Success and enter to win a FREE LifeCaller Medical Alert System!
#IDoNotUnderstand how #teachers make their job look so easy when they do so much at once!
“: Lol we just love each other, so excuse us if we get on your nerves with our love tweets! ”
I'm sick of your face. Lol I'm gonna cut that ting off
did u do that math? oloolllllll
just been informed that I didn't get the job. 0 for 4.
Charles Barkley: Both teams really want it. Best playoff game he's seen this season
S/O 2 Me Im Ego Trippin
yah i have no life
Ur girls plus my girls might just equal an army and I'm pretty sure they would be down ;p :)) amen
Thanks for the follow! Wishing you
Finally having my MIS! #andypoll: What are you looking forward to this summer? Answer & RT, plz!
one remaining massage appointment left for Tuesday, April 10th! 4:30 time slot
"You know why the Yankees win so many games?"--"The other team can't get their eyes off the pin stripes"-Catch Me if You Can
You're not Mcdonald's, but I'm loving it.
I am annoyed that out of the six books I needed at the library, three were listed as available but weren't on the shelves.
Headed to the #ImagineCareerWk kick-off b-fast, big day!
I Feel So Far Away Right Now
Oh blake is there too, they sang together tonight.
yes, it works! I used to do it before work hours got crazy. I'll do again in June. I can bring you DVDs if u want to try :)
didn't go to school today.
U guys r the best! RT : we were pumped they mentioned you in the LAist article. NY Smiths all the way!
Swimming in the Atlantic is not hot, did it
haha psshh I invented pouty face! And WHO DID YOU GO ON A DATE WITH. DM me ;) lmfaoo
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Thanks, ! Hope your internship is going great.
What's YOUR dream...to meet I aM mE crew
After the #WinterClassic, I can't understand why the Super Bowl wouldn't feature #TheRoots. Oh, right. They're actually good.
wow nice to see u joined Twitter
Hip librarian Mad Libs is probably the best thing I have seen today!
BILLY IS DUMB AS YOU KNOW WHAT!
Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
Its going to be a long day......ugh
I'm really exhausted 💤
ROFL@ #saynotoribs! RT : Thinking about making a green smoothie. Gonna B hard. Waited too late. #saynotoribs Maybe both 2 balance?
Absolutely! Didn't realize that was you.
stretching (pun intended) here, but what about: Ruckus? Raucous? Luckless? Bloodless? Cutlass? Bulbous?
I don't know what that has to do with #mnleg GOP leaders not allowing a vote on the stadium. It has the votes.
"Let's discuss juices!" Meagan
haha you a wild dude
Srsly. I'm not even a big music person or a lifelong DC person but I loved Chuck Brown and go-go
M...belated birthday cake at 10am.
Good advice I guess, but what about drinking while sitting?
that sounds more difficult than necessary, but I respect the effort.
"My parents were GORGEOUS! We're they actually? Probably not." - Beth Seplow, my Persuasion Professor
Oh you gone muscle me now, asparagus ?!
Thx! Far is relative. We had team in from AZ last week :-) Too far from where? New locations r in r future^KD
Ah! Hall & Oates... I love #TheVoiceFinale!
Ankle is killing me
Dammn im sleepy as hell
Great things are happening. Finally.
Haha! It tastes better at least. : )
1/2 Price on all the Bottles on the Wine List today and tonight!
OMG Thank You So Much !! <3
An important point, too. Caps are 5-0-0 so far this season when Wideman gets on the board.
RT : Rule 15 has been suspended so that the Senate can work past 10 pm.
Glad to hear you're a Twitter & Facebook expert, I need a lesson in how to use this stuff :-)
Blown away with my visit. Thanks & staff for being wonderful hosts. Everyone needs to get their hands on TAP!
$500 on downer in Milwaukee. Great price!
Best one yet?
pumped up kicks just came up on pandora... the office is so quite w/o your loud mouth! ha you best be having a blast with kate
you should've yelled at me! I'm usually completely oblivious. Your guys' food good? I wasn't impressed with ours. Ha
lmao....and when I saw that azz pass, I had to get 'cha...damn I miss those days..lol
anyone want to write a story? take a photo? make a statement? Email:
nu10 admiring Samuel Larsen's face
OMG I see hair in my blanket Ctfupp The Little Curls >>>>>>>
haha no problem :D
Today's #saturdaylibrarian is also a #sicklibrarian. C'mon, peppermint tea, do your thing.
YOU will be rocking out, not WE.
....Lauren, Lauren, Lauren..........SMH. YOU HAD YOURSELF A RICK PERRY MOMENT.....
If you send a letter to a famous person, do the future archivist a favor and don't fill the envelope with glitter. kthx
okay if this doesnt get you to follow me idk what will...i waited until 2 am last time you were in LA to see you but failed
sounds like it is true...he was a great help to our side and a veteran Congressman
you are very welcome love
"Red Tail" was the most accurate movie on the Tuskegee, Airmen to date! BRAVO!!
oh no. Maybe my sister's a widow now. Oh SNAP
you got iit please support us by going to our site www.platinumposts.com
AP! check your email! - RH shirt news!
Goodell & Ingram handshake was sick!
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway. - Mary Kay Ash
#WhenIWas13 All I did was listen to Fall Out Boy and play soccer.
Leveraging data from the social graph and other data to predict who likely rights holders are for a particular work. hm.
I am a Golden Globe, Emmy winning and Oscar award winning actress! I think therefore I achieve! I am a winner!
that's fine :)
do RT : We are filming first #Foodiechats movie in Chicago for 1-Year Celebration May 7th with Who...
The more you move around physically, the more calories you burn which increases your ability to lose fat more easily.
Today's the day and the weather is perfect.
have you on lock!!!!
Wanted Sales Person: Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc. has sales positions available. Email resumes to
Happy Friday: 76 and sunny! May Mart kicks off today, 10AM at the S&T Bank Arena on East Pike... lots of live music tonight, stay tuned...
“: I think we need to formally adopt a name for the group of loyal UFC lapdogs who are at every show" CURSE THEIR SUCCESS!
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
workout was great! now for my protien shake
put decaf in the coffee maker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso.
John Barnes! LOL
Call me stanley steamer I be givin her the pipe
Give us feedback on your user experience. Tweet to or email
Lol girl, I am not jealous of you whatsoever
go punters!!!
Garrison at #packers: achieved revenue and efficiency goals thru segmentation - created Email Lifecycle to guide program. Impressive.
That was a tick tack foul…..
yeah now you love me
It's a beautiful day #Denver, how many people have you seen #tebowing today?
Why can't twitter "retrieve tweets at this time".
Will the offseason bring any changes to Green Bay?
I loved hearing Gaffigan give the same interview to Nerdist and then Adam.
on my actually birthday I'm spending it with my family. But my party is in June! 🎉🎈
Had a great night at the #KCAI alumni reception in Seattle, thanks to the Warwick Society for coming to Seattle and thanks to Andrea Adams.
I just double checked and yup, I still absolutely despise Lord Bullingdon.
Watching Ghosts Adventures alone <
RT So thank you for welcoming me, Texas Democrats. Now let's get those rosaries off those ovaries.
Hilarious! You're a prince.
cool, thanks!
Searching for new identity. I guess I'm in transitional period, so not quite sure yet what to talk about here. Forgive my recent randomness.
I am watch !! This weekend if its hot. I gotta wear it on a nice day.
1. romney's wealth hurts his "relatability" 2.his tax rate illustrates an inequity in taxation which should concern BOTH parties
Maxine Waters is the Queen of Nimrods
Hello Minneapolis! Meet #femfessionals - an organization that supports, promotes and connects women in business!
Started for my phone to look up my rooms current temperature. I think I overestimated it for a moment there..
travel shampoo and conditioner in case you don't like hotel stuff, pantyhose, Advil, heels, flats, little black dress
Pay once ... earn for life!
Sending you hugs and lotsa luv today.I'm so sorry to hear about Gram..My heart is w/you all this weekend.
Yup, 68 is normal now so we'll hug that avg.
only a bestie will stay on ooVoo with you so you can watch ABDC
We can't wait for the Convention in Atlantic City this weekend. Stop by Booth 1920 for more info about us. Hope to see you all there!
Nathan think I misread your post. I thought you were saying you're in NYC now for a week's vacation
Oh Lindsey lohan, you've come a long way since
Bo Ryan and me are both at the Bucks game tonight, oddly he seems to be getting more autograph requests
Great choices! Henry and Mudge are fun! I also recommend Amelia Bedelia. Oldie but goodie!
The baby is yours.
So what and said?! Lol
Before you arrive at the #Big10Expo do some company research. Check out , one of our top sponsors this year!
it sure is!
im sorry I just cant control my ovaries. His body is so asdfghjkl. unff <33
when will advanced tickets go on sale???
just got a another dog and she is adorable
What does FF mean?
open source permits reuse; doesn't guarantee it; open source isn't magic; its just a license [...except when its not]
Listening to the new album! Too good.
doesn't matter who shot it. TEAM POST!!!
When nothing goes right, go left.
Thanks 4 the great conversation about headshots, networking, the acting community in NY, resurgent careers, etc. Smart lady!
If yo gonna keep making me feel like crapp, you should just stopp texting me..;(
you and me both sister!
are you #proskidrow?
Bobby Brown, you are an asshole. I hope you realize what you did to this lady.
#Nf follow back?
Our next event will be held on February 24th at 6:00 p.m. at the Capital Grille in Milwaukee. The event will be hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
April is near! What are you looking forward to?
Fun Fact: Australia is the flattest continent
What is it about a harmonica that makes a rock song sound that much better?
Heat in 7 I'm rooting for indy
If I had a dollar for every time someone on Freemont stopped me with a "Hey bro can I ask you something..."
I think Steely McBeam played for the SF Giants on Ken Griffy Jr. Baseball for the SNES
just now
Dogs are the best people
In the olden days everyone was scared of lions and tigers and bears but now 2011 everyone is wearing them ...sick people
Zeus will be picking me up for lunch today. He is looking forward to meeting you
an app!
Cheering on the vikes & hawks! Hoping for at least one win!
Basically, i am all planned out for next year's repertoir!! Going the whole 9 yards!
Can't wait to go home and see baby Khlo! I guess too..........
keep pushin...success always starts with a single step forward.
I always wondered too. Gort after robot in TDTESS? The public workstations in UW HSL are named after comicbook & scifi chars.
glad you had a great Dose. Sorry I missed it. In Michigan. What markets you doing this summer?
Where are all of my stage & set designers?
you said it not me
Taylor has me beyond hype for prom lol
Fuerbringer/Lucena and Gibb/Rosenthal are both in world top 10. U.S. is only nation with three top-10 men's teams (Dalhausser/Rogers are 1).
TY for including my blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
Get ready for the Facebook Fan Page transition to timeline format! You will have to change up some of your strategy. Tweet us for help.
well the announcement is Wed. All signs so far are pointing to this month. Maybe the 23rd or 30th. You gonna get one?
Hi Bennett! Definitely interested in adding something like this in the future. It's on the list. :-)
Shhhhh. Maybe it'll pass over.
Alls sweet in La La, how about u? x
Happy numb nuts?
What is your favorite site for sending large files??? Looking for some recommendations.
whats the vowel at the end of "Astonishing"? :)
Woo! Got past 750 followers. Thanks to for getting me there! :)
Frock Candy sometimes has long dresses appropriate for proms or balls under $100.
alas, I am addicted to draw something
my khaligee patient gave me coffee n dates for breakfeast today #ArabicHospitality. orange coffee served in a shot glass. never had b4
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
There's no one to talk too, one thing I hate bout staying home from school
If you're looking for a bathroom, it's all around you
It's so hawt in this house.
Always on the come up/move 3 phone numbers this year 3 addresses so far you would think I'm on the run!
Omfg tomorrow is 's birthday ! <3
It's too bad that only allows Google Plus access to those with an Enterprise account $1499/month.
Since I showed up to my cousins practice she's been making gross faces. We're most def related. ❤
Awesome! Thanks for featuring us, the girls had a great time!
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and Im not sure about the former.- Albert Einstein
i did alredy follow her but is tis getting 500 followers part real cause som ppl just lie im not callin u a liar jus askin
Longest part of my commute, the elevator ride.
(cont) Mel Gibson in a straight jacket, and don't forget the koolaid man at the door...
Everything meh do dem follow... LOL
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
Why is my sister So annoying?
Songs for the split will be done soon. Who's excited?
You're Welcome! RT : Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! Winner announced Tuesday!
Good Morning All, Have a great Monday!
Haha that's great. I knew that pic was up somewhere, but I've never seen it. That was definitely an interesting "internship"
" Come and take a walk with me.. " One of the dopest songs ever written.
RT : What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. -Eleanor Powell
best of luck with that! Lol that race is alway a mad house
BTW, I thought I'd add a wooooooooooooooohooooooooooooooooooo!
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. And the first to forget is the happiest.
Damn i finally slept in for a change lol...goodmorning!
TAKE THE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS - SAVE OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE. DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM - Lets do away with this corrupt practice.
Every decision make me feel like I lived life 3 times...
Catch me on www.facebook.com/danny djdbx
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
he and Lou holz are probaly best friends
never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level, and then beat you with experience
Finally placed again in a poker game!! Took 2nd place, the key is not to get dealt pocket kings.
Memphis was up by 27 and hitting everything. Then the Clippers just went crazy and came back. Is this a great comeback or an epic fail?
That's terrible I kno sue me
Oh yeah, I got tickets for the August 2013 show...they were expensive, but I get to meet them :D
Have, bitching about what they DON'T do. Weird, huh? Dudes!: help your ladies out, and watch what they do to you!
Aggies depth should win this in extra. If not... Game over
Humanity needs to know the are forgiven, or they would drive themselves crazy with shame!
Mixed report on foster care in Pennsylvania - abc27
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo use your 5GB data limit surfing
Have a beautifully blessed day!!
I wanna be on the 8th grade Washington & New York trip.
RT : Congratulations to all the #2012 Graduates Around ABQ
Slightly confused as to the meaning of that hashtag, but such is my life.
yeah girl :)
Joel Przybilla (sprained right knee) is probable for tonight's game vs. Utah. Jamal Crawford is out with right knee tendonitis.
I'm creeping death!
Do you have Valentine??? Have you heard Taylor Swift new song Safe and Sound?
how does Danny Crawford not call something right in front of him but then Mark Davis calls it across the court? Terrible
thanks for the heads up! we'll get on it!
follow back?
we need sexy girls.... win 50k in the upcoming reality show www.theeroticchallenge.com
OMG!! I'm working a part-time job at Publix for the summer... Can't wait ! God is good thank you Mom! (=
Aurgh, sorry to have missed this! Relying on my computer for Internet access is feeling more than a bit clunky today...
If only your bluetooth was red.
my baby was sad today /: that makes me sadd... D; i'm always here for you ! <3 #mahomie4life (; love youu, cheer up !
I just found out Jesus wore $500 jeans. Man, that guy is so lucky!
it was so big! :o
Ur Man in Havana: man mysteriously transports from ancient Sumerian city-state to pre-Castro espionage & intrigue
Awee! I miss you too babe. I'll be in Avon Friday bcus I'm gonna be with my family for Easter. Let's make plans!
Yay!!! I'll try to swing through!!
When hiring a development person, go for the scientist rather than the closer. -Cookie Ruiz #TexansForArts #
Success. One paper done. Like Done Done.
ok cool
really enjoying listening to 's vision for innovation for the future Digital #Accessibility Expo
I love how even our own President continues to look to place blame like the Wall Street protestors
Yahara hills. Just shot my best ever. A 91!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more RBI in the last 9 innings than Albert Pujols has this season.
So you must love it now, when we're fighting against Hilary Rosen's hatred and the injustice toward women...
#iWishYouKnew how I felt about you
welcome! Leukemia hits close to home.... Family member passed due to it! Bone morrow wasn't option!
In related news, I will be maintaining that policy in my home.
Life conquered death.
stay. because I need you.
My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start
Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?
♪ ♫ When you're alone / And life is making you lonely / You can always go / To the darkest caverns of your soul / To drown in the void ♪ ♫
ok i gotchu bro
im doing the talent show but my lazy manager decided to go to beech bend instead of watching her client
P.S for those who saw my governor pic earlier at the fishing opener party...no he was not flipping the bird. He was scratching his eye.
Game. Set. Match.
this weekend was the best!!! and today was my first time acting on a film set with the best, most talented and sweet team! LOVE you all!!!
“: i agree! it was cool when he worked with ben burnley =)” Great memories
get it girl! that applies to both that stack o cash and that bag o bacon.
Heavy metal all the way.
Thanks for stopping by on
Wish I could find the smithsonian commons app in the app store....help?
Rain rain... we heart rain in AZ. ..
closed group. Sorry. But I work for a national museum in DC n we r also passing screenshots around. What not to do. :)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ If I love you what business is it of yours
Seladore hits the stage again tonight at Bombshell's Tavern in Edgewater. We go on around 8:30 I believe! Come rock out!
is thrilled to have 's Mark Keefe as a special guest!
Grrr walked all the way up the hill to the health sciences library just to find out the book I need isn't actually there
I can host it for you. :P
So my great grandpa just died. Umm what is it with april 27
Now tweeting: ! They are offering a Souper Bowl special today of Pho, Appetizers, Beer and the game!
Folo up on my story on new powers for local PACs. AFSCME Local 127 has formed 2 new PACS -- 1 to oppose and 1 to oppose Prop. B.
Me too, but my America is a dog. Does that count? RT : I love America.
FOR REAL I NEED THAT FEELING! I HAVE TROPICAL BLOOD!
FLAW AF!!! | ": 👈 taking the meanest shit in my nigga bathroom right now"
Pod good. It would be cool if you had some exit music at the end.
Aw, thanks ! Hope all is well at Purdue.
Politicians & policymakers are rarely proactive unless it has to do with saving their jobs.
then where!?
Follow Your 2012 will appreciate their tweets
Anyone in NYC want to run a slow 6.5 miles with me today?
hey can you please give me a shout out I just made this please help me?
haha! Drinks/beach/something seasonally inappropriate soon?
His little sister hella maddogs me though haha , she's cute ^_^
Today's writing challenge is to find the spot of maximum tension and hold it for as long as possible.
and he still can't beat me....
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
i heard about the little tweet battle you two had during afro. imma get yall back.
The stock market is up because the Greece Parliment passed the austerity package. So what, the cities are being burned by the people.
Oh good choice!
- Yep, great matches!
Stop the press! oh how I missed you. Remember when you left me that voice mail at work singing to me that crazy song. I miss that.
#idol Josh and Jessica final please!
Thanks KB! Enjoy your day!
and don't worry it's not just another guy hitting on you! :)
your welcome <3
Im on boss...just sent u a request
Rookie mistake... RT Red bull, pizza, and mountain dew lead to a wired Dan and an upset stomach
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a pace of 11'10"/mi and a time of 34:43 with Nike+ GPS.
I looked flawless af :*
We absolutely love the DEN folks around here! cc:
I think I'm done drinking for the night...
I love everything about you.
Are you on twitter to pull pranks on Jared or to tweet about kittens for C19? Either way, I'm on board. Hello!
its mindless which can be welcome lol!
hey thank you for the follow! make sure to check us out on facebook and "like" us! you rule forever.
Thank you, sir!
It is reaaalllly hard to work so close MSG when #cuse is playing in the big east tourney and I have no tix!!
Feeling unsatisfied right about now.
Fill in the blank: _______ always makes me smile.
Tried to work you into the story, but just couldn't get creative enough w/it Was great to see your statue out front though!
it was an AMAZiNG film. Can't believe it was made in 2010. Hope it goes international ASAP. Everyone needs to see it!
I swear I had an orgasm when I saw iron mans car ;D
Congratulations to the ! Good luck in the ALCS!
The CEO of Coca Cola gets eaten by a polar bear.
Ted Nugent: Threat to Obama, or harmless loudmouth?
I just introduced my 2-year-old to live improvised music at As we were leaving he said "that was fun". Still not asleep.
The Cabin in the Woods turned out to be the best spoof horror film I've seen in years.Not quite to the level of Garth Marenghi's Dark Place
How was my day? All i have 2 say is thank God 4 hot water & bubbles!!!
If a tweet falls on Twitter & nobody hears it, does it make a sound? RT Yes,but I don't know what sound it will make
SO YOU WANT SUM TRIDENT LAYERS BUBBLE GUM???
I feel like my resume should include "talented and generous baker" so that employers know that they receive benefits with my employment.
Don't be jealous of ANY relationship...because ALL relationships have their own different kind of problems, &plus you'll never know.
I learned a new word today: debris ball.
omg yes. I'm so pumped. Btw check your DMs
Just applied at like 10 stores in the mall, hopefully I get a job.
What did everyone think about the halftime show with Madonna, LMFAO, Cee-Lo, and Nikki Minaj??
opportunity to differentiate, hm?
RT what's #TedxABQ? It's the independent version of #TED. Technology Entertainment Design. Great speakers! Look online
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Moms of the world! You help keep us truckin'!
Awesome niners. Good job. #dammit e
RT : #lovelansing: Great homes will be open this weekend from 1-5pm on Sat & Sun. Come see this home & 19 more like it:...
All hands on deck for Barrett, Mitchell & Lori Compas. Getting Fitzgerald out is even bigger than Walker. Let's do this!
One of my most favorite actors, Seann William Scott, turns 35 today. Stifler!!
Huge Sale on books! Best sellers Inmate 1577, The Hunted, False Accusations: $1.99 Fatal Twist: $.99
i am
no me be the goodest sister
if a cow could laugh would milk skeet from his nose...
Happy Birthday Chris Paul ..
Zing Boom Tarrarell
Problem - need DJ for Mem-day BBQ, but iPod is all-rap. Solution: go to Pandora, type in "Creedence" - instant, appropriate mix!
Is Growl really trying to extort $2 out of me with all of these Update Growl notifications? Is there a free alternative yet?
Kobe went 14/32 tonight..dude needs to stop shooting too much..Lakers lost because of that ball hog overrated dude.
Not bad choices, but that would get old quickly.
OH at Target "if you get hedge clippers, I'm not going to be able to defend myself"
damn hope Rose good.....
Go #TeamBrandyShanice! Everyone support Brandy! Amazing vocalist and dancer! I Love You and I got your back! ♥
#Happymothersday to all the moms out there. Dinner with the family
baking emergency brownies. feeling more prepared now.
RT : It is going to be an AWESOME day! Say it outloud!! Again!!! Repeat until you believe it, because it is true.
Letting go doesn�t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren�t meant to be
not really but it's a testament to certain movies that I can watch them in. Starship Troopers, Drop Dead ...
Lol Right back atcha, Sir RT : Now Following the great
Lol! #quoteofthenight thanks god u don't have big boobs...I'd have to shave your stomached! LMAO!
me 2. Philly will be tough this year
#Dodgers supersub Hairston put on disabled list
We're glad to hear it! :)
I'm just rolling over...DAMN
when stands behind me while I'm in goal & tells me what to do >>>>>
Everyone says things they don't mean. Sometimes it's not easy to think before you talk..
Yes, I have. Thanks for the compliment!
you've studied for 7 hours?!
Thx for the RT! Create a fantastic Friday! #RecoveryWarriors!
thank you! We did have a great time!!
Did you hear that we are expanding our restaurant? Help us fill our new tables and tell your friends to come in for the best BBQ in SD!
You have a radio show? Is it syndicated nationally or can I stream it online?
Great holiday gift giving savings everyday on RueLaLa!
Hi Jake, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
Woooot! How many people can say Brandy Shanice is there Valentine's? Brandy is mine motha fuckaaass!
Fuck wit me bitches
AZ is the best place to shake off that rust.
I need you to play our edit of "united" tonight! Wtf!!! You aré fucking going insane!
I have to ask...why is Mike walking around NOLA with Krazy glue?"
RT : RT :A2.Without direction your hunt is like octopus on roller skates, movement with no clear direction
I want to do something fun tonight. Someone make it happen :)
Ditto RT : #ASTD2012 Still reeling from 's fascinating talk this morning.
you guys should still be dominating the Nuggets in this series though.
Where did you find that Marley juice?? :-)
Hooray! I have a dentist appointment, but hopefully I can find you when I am done at 1!
What a rare treat getting to hear Bishop W.J. Campbell live on the Word Network..tune in he's just opening his message!!
This rain is in the way
": I miss high school 😔"lmao you can always go back
I'd guessing because most people seemed to hate Voodoo Donut. It was either love or hate kinda beer.
Hate Flights, Back in Portland.
any one using the DynaVox Maestro with 6 cells?
Ordering shirts at the end of next week!! Better email with your size and if you want a tank or shirt!!
Eric Fehrenstrom, TODAY talking about CHASE, says only Investers lost money, had no feelings for the investors who may have lost all.
Stuck in class....entertainment please
ok, you should have received an email with details. please DM phone+zip or service address, i'll see what info i can get for you
Can't wait to see everybody tomorrow! Should be wild midday sun! Asiaheritagefoundation.org
I'm Bored xD Save Me From My Boredom :P
so what? it's still rubbish, overdone and annoying
She's the cutest, lady! Hope you're recovering well. :)
Avoid employment litigation by communicating better. Claims arise from a disconnect in what was intended, said, and actually heard.
- whats really upsetting is this promotes the stigma of mental illness. Most with mental illness are victims, not attackers
Thanks for the follow. We are following back
darn right.
That looks SO good! Love that place.
Thanks. I like it. Does that encapsulate both born digital lit/poetry and post-print fiction like House of Leaves? It does, yes?
We're going to church today.
Gonna shoot some photos for the new threads so were can finally start selling them! W.ocdusaink.com
That awkward moment when 50 Cent and Justin Bieber are hanging.. but 50 Cent made it clear few years ago he doesn't like Justin. :D
no!! Of course this would happen! But I think I might stay for their game Sunday! If you're back in time for that please come!
Pumpin' Iron In Weight Training Though.
Sometimes networking involves wine and dimner at Delancy.
u gonna follow me back or not
s/o to the #StormFamily we lost a beautiful life this morning. An amazing friend, brother and son. #RIPAdrianGarcia #21 From
Keep your schedules open from March until April, there will be some really great events in support of my campaign for Leukemia and Lymphoma…
Well, I would love one by next Saturday. Is that possible?
Listening to Call Me Maybe:)
Someone please take me to see ! I'll love you forever.
there wont be a reason to kill me
You know you truly care about someone when you have to try to convince yourself that you don't.
is sitting on the side of the road drinking bloodies...it must be independence day. happy 4th everyone.
Lady power: Charlotte Ronson's equestrian inspired pieces with a tough girl edge a new level of sophistication for the street chic designer.
Nice! Got some airplay on KXLU over the weekend. Headed to the top!
RT I'm in the mood for some drinks >drinks on u tonight lol
Tonight - WU at the Zoo. Current & future students, alum, parents, friends... stop by to see us if you are in the Cincinnati area.
Have fun at your inlaws. I'm in for the same kind of fun today. Praying before dinner is so....yuck!!
Find a life cuz you clearly not living yours
i'm not sure hes gonna make it by the cobra tomorrow!
Defense is horrible today! This is embarrassing. We r a better team than this team playing today!
nah he don't have a way to get his bike to your house. I just left your house.
Cain can yet distance himself from the flap by stating categorically he does not even like women, and also never heard of Bill Clinton.
My Phone is Dead! )x
RT & Follow for chance to Win Two Medium 2-Topping pizzas from Pizza Shuttle (1/winner day) Must claim pizzas by 5-13-12
1,000 Stickers gone in 2 days not to bad!
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IT... IT WONT HAPPEN... HAVE A FAITH
disrespectful ass lol. I'm fucking you up
any chance you would save me the effort and send me the raw NodeXL data dump? :-D I'd love to play with it.
I am starting a personal revolt against fees. I will start with car dealers and will not buy from any dealer that charges a dealer fee.
Love it!
Veery slow going getting home from Roanoke. We've seen three cars nose down in a ditch so far. :/
How Does Your Strategy Measure Up?
Managers are people who do things right, while leaders are people who do the right thing.
Good thing we stuck around for that scene.
Oh. He is cute! Your birthday gift/trip to Syd looked awesome!
Ok WE ARE BACK UP!!
I could go for a sensual full body massage right about now
Mother's education level is key indicator of children's college completion
No problem. Hope it smooths itself out.
Treating myself to some Jack in the Box today lol
was I really? Haha
AW NO ! I cut my finger!
#levilowrey is an All- American Dad!
That's Scottish Highland dancing....Irish dancers never use their arms!
Please, Apple, come out with a better Twitter photo-sharing service.
When a girl is upset and wants you to listen, LISTEN. She doesn't need you to fix it or tell her how to. She just wants you to listen.
He said that last year too.
Adam Dunn can't catch, can't bat! Bench DUNN this game woulda been over by now... with a SOX WIN!
Can't wait to be strung on giant coins and coin showers tonight.
Church is nearly full for funeral of Delois Brown & her parents. Congregation will hear recording of her singing in the church choir.
AW YEAH! How exciting! I bet you'll be our first! Hurrah!
What are you doing when you got off work? Fiesta con los amigos! Pitchers of Modelo just $12.
Impressive, ! I need you at my next half-marathon! :)
Would you rather be sucked into the world one game of your choice or dream about being in the world of any random game?
Right now someone somewhere is talking about you, talking about what you do or what interests you or your business...try socialinboxcorp
Chicks now a days are so lame.... . Not all just the wack ones
I need a substitute Tweeter. Lol!
I'm so glad to know there are awesome parents out there raising good kids. Said as a member of society AND and educator.
I'm feel good man now since I am off work. How are u?
Best relationship.. When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time
A great and very strange holiday special, Mr. Bourdain. Congratulations!
either that or they post all 70 of them. 😂
I'm greek
Working on my post. Make sure you follow them for all things fashionable.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive
You call me werido because you are a fucking werido
Are you ready for New Orleans? We're making lots of food and drink plans for you and Hercules!
and then youll put up an eharmony video. and cry about cats. and actually get guys to like you guy since your awesome!
I think would have to be my favorite at this point. But im very interested in and how he will fit
Out of the band of Eastern mountains barely visible through the mist, a star everyone had counted out, rises ready for her closeup
Everyone on the peir just kept saying "oh my god oh my god". People were laughing and snapping pictures. It felt like family. Amazing.
Must see WCAR this summer no matter what!
jealous of DC - I'll resend link
I don't think blaming all White people on smearing #Trayvon will solve anything.
I lost by 2 rebounds...
anyone verbally using such terms has neural function issues IMHO
Another day of homerun derby for us girls:) 10 on the day!
Prev quote by William S. Burroughs
i tried so hard to be the one that you would think about on your train ride back home.
two things in Texas.....dont mess with Texas and dont mess with nia peeples
Santo was probably the '69(-'73) Cubs personified as Wood personified the 2003-2008 Cubs, for good and bad.
no need to to be sorry.
*gives you shotgun* it may help too “: Insult Taylor Swift in front of me, I'll give you delicious berries named Nightlock.”
Eggnog flavored Polar seltzer? I kinda love it.
#Imweakfor this girl who i'm crazy in love with. she my babygirl and my princessa ;)
see :) can't be sad with me in your life
Poker supplies 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
I'm eating a peanut butter bacon burger...
May you start winning soon, and recovering just as quickly. If you were here, I'd wonder if it was allergies-high mold count tdy
Every right decision I’ve ever made has come from my gut, & every wrong decision I've ever made was a result of me not listening. -Oprah
Wait, now they're saying the fire WAS here. #DodgerStadium. All is well, though.
the new Blake Griffin Kia commercials>>
Thanks for the reply you have a good sense of humor!
ya cari's got a shitty personality
I want the scuba (sp)
Lol Thanks. That's all I'm saying son...be kind. Rewind.
There’s no easier way to put your personality into your home than with paint. What is your favorite color you have painted in a room?
Great weather and a new ankle brace. Where can I go for #pickupsoccer in #chicago?
U think is a lot like ? I think so....
Branding some extraordinary online deals for our client's franchises -because deals make customers, business, and the economy happy.
#Objectivity is dead.
": California on friday ! (:"
Ugh i should've took that ticket when i had the chance
I fell ya ma.
“ I like how didn't tell me she was goin to prom !”
Reading your twitter feed always makes me want a vacation! Where are we going?
I Love How We Ended Right Has A Love The Way You Lie Sound To It!!!
I got pissed this one time when I found out he changed the price from $1 to $1.25! So I just took the ice cream without paying.
Ron Artest is weird
Risk-takers CHANGE the world...
why are my days off always out numbered by the days I have to work.
ok. We can coordinate time and location offline next week.
get your booty over to the house
Time shared is the most precious and valuable we have together. We cannot keep it, but only slow it down. Like sand running thru our fingers
i am begging for the laughter to stop
lol why does it suck for me huh? 👋💢
XO, baby! One year down, 55 to go!!
then why the gross hashtag? should be
are you judging me Paris? lol
just found you on youtube. Good stuff man. Keep it up, and stay safe.
why do viewers want to kill Shane? He's the best solider in the group. Second n command to Rick.Has guts to do what it takes.
me too! Wednesdays are my 10th floor days... HH next week? Week after?
You are welcome! You provide great tweets, tips and info for the disability community - thank you.
Happy Valentine's Day to my twitter friends..if you're lonely on this day, huff paint till you pass out
yes. The church that goes too.
I'm reading it as well. My first Stephen King. Hope you'll provide further bulletins as events warrant.
I like your words and retweets of wisdom. :)
It's Black Friday... please be careful out there.
we got you sir hit us up
Have you tried any of the Sprecher beers?
me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well
Us too. Mother Nature better not get PMS before Saturday
this is not what it appears to be my porn bot followers
The #Lakers getting crushed brings joy to my heart.
Omge two of my followers ( & ) need to get tf alone cough cough !!
aquamarine with my daddy-o:) haha I love him:) “I'm gonna pop a tail”:) #cookiestoo:)
Congratulations to you and your team on being named agency of the year.
So hungry Gsssshhhh
I'm super excited about this next DS. I hope it's clear!
Hi, Thanks fo the follow! I am an entrepreneur, making legal-themed chess sets. I'm an English prof by day! Nice to meet u!!!
same here brother “: I'm thinking I'm just gonna take it easy today. Kick back and relax #springbreak12 #CrittCo”
“: Omg when you search up "Flawless Homosexuals" on Google Images, pictures of One Direction come up lmfao aw.” not surprised
Your team was too crazy. Next year we play for big $!
nope HOW R U?? My bday is Friday =)
Pondering: the real fed retiremt issue is that there r not enough Xers (=mid mgrs) (not millenials) in fed wkfc to replace boomer gap
you too!!
Rachel lol I been on Twitter for a while didn't know you were on here
Watching 's movie with my 12-yr old. He's fascinated!
there's a business in this area that has as their motto 'We Show Up.' not exactly inspiring, but around here a great start.
I thought we are best friends, but i choose the wrong person.
#ktrusuccess RT : KTRU was my college -where i formed friendships, learned about music, started record label.
Thanks brotha. Chicken soup and movies for me
write about it for the filmstage? What did you have in mind? Little crazy this weekend...
Wow, such a powerful voice.
ADAPT X Camp starts tonight at 7:30pm...it's not too late to register.
last chance prostitutes of seattle.... secret service is getting ready to leave
time to get this blog party started grubes
WOW. I did not keep my cool like. Best part was how they said "Channel 6" was welcome---that was exact spot we were attacked!
your listening to them with out me... On a Sunday!!!
#jetsetter -- if you're going to do it anywhere, I'd pick the Caribbean!
I'm rooting for the NY Rangers tonight but only because I don't want to ride the train with a bunch of drunken violent people.
...both n'sync like a Justin song, feels so right but it's just so wrong.
haha! It seems that way!
Adele's, "21" it's not an album...it's otherworldly and a religious experience! Congrats on the well deserved Grammy nominations!
it must be the Malcolm name because I would totally do this!!
Good morning :) Nice to see you on here!
ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING ON A RIVER
they announced 2 bps coming to Denver area last week.
Mary Tyler More, More MORE! :)
I'm too much of a bitch though.
Coming up with good ideas is so much more difficult than the actual writing
Heading to the Dancing with the Stars after party with and for his birthday. #LAsFinest baby!
and services like blur the line even further. though they depend on a different idea of identity.
Brian Williams is in town?! This is the best week ever!
: it's too early to be flying....haha!!
yeah. I'm going into work today but will leave if it's crazy. Not going in on Monday.
Keep up the good fight! “: Thank you for the follow! Appreciate your support. #C4CT”
RT : Theorizing The Wire. Tool for service learning! Awesome.
What are your natural abilities or talents? Everyone is gifted in one way or another.. You may not realize it, but you have it.
but it's triple hopped!
We will begin accepting credit cards in the coming weeks! Stay tuned!
Your career brand is innovation
will open at 5 am tomorrow!!!
I promise Hahaha;)
i think so! i can't say no to tortoise shell.
Candying bacon. Because it is there...and as a garnish for the corn & hot pepper soup.
Wearing a bandana i feel like
Where would you place the Hit Squads "Head Banger"
Come pick up your very own copy of the summer issue and uptown !
Man, those are big names next to little ole me!
a quiet office is a good office :) no migraine today!
Come back to or just San Francisco in general :) You're super nice.
the office reaks of man urine. no thanks to
Hurray! Thanks! We're looking forward to a great dinner and trying
Film in Reference Universe: “Performing Arts and the Gothic: Alfred Hitchcock” in Gothic Literature: A Critical Companion from
Happy Sunday! Life is slowly getting back to normal.
Beer Who is coming with me?
Oak Mountain Elementary School PTO sets child safety workshop
This time 2 years ago I was finishing my pro vball season in Switzerland, now I'm designing a website. Never saw that one coming.
Love sleeping during thunderstorms. Ah April showers...
Destiny is 4 losers that make an excuse for sitting around and waiting for something to happen instead of making things happen
www.madisonavenue.com - take survey to re-design Madison Ave, Midtown Memphis.
skill that I got! :]
Man, I wish this press conference didn't bore me. I know I'm supposed to be super-engaged, but I'd rather read the summary later thx
Can you get your CEO to respond to a soc med crisis w/in 4 hrs? Does CEO travel w/flipcam, for ex?
“Dear 12 year old on Facebook, how are you in a complicated relationship? Did they steal your cookies?!
women's key. i actually got a thank you!
#LSUvOKST because Saban said himself if you don't win your conference you don't deserve a shot at the crystal.
I have a choice. I can go outside without a jacket and get rained or wear a jacket, be protected by the rain but be too hot
lolololololol roflmao....I'm so embarrassed😱😱😱
Also, the acronym YMAEWK is for You Me and Everyone We Know, and if you don't know what that is, then that's fine too. We're very welcoming.
Just sat down at the CODiEs gala—ready to applaud all the excellent nominees!
Damn you Michaels how do you not sell fabric?
I miss Dance in the dark :'(
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
You left Ryan out :P
Listening to Love On Top
RT : I just found a company that has the cheapest $795 and it only took 14 days #CreditSweep on #Market 480-719-5360
5 minute voicemail? That is ENTIRELY too long.
The Eddie Izzard bit on this is to die for
Ew. Retweeting a bible verse is the fastest way to get unfollowed.
Not sure if I shud listen to 's geniusness or not...
so, how were the beer-shaped jelly sweets?
Sorry dads getting lil mad
Please retweet if you would like to see perform on !!!
Awesome show ladies!! & #TxSUAlums doing GREAT things.
Alright all is there a way I can delete some of my followers?
watchin menace to society
The most successful brand positioning statements are simple to understand and repeated year after year after year.
don't you mean "alleged criminals?" ; P
thanks so much what u up to??(:
let's where our gym shirts tomorrow for the beat down
Has anyone had sex in space yet? Why not?!?
winning SBs is what its all about.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet president clinton....seems cool
Love your Hunger Games bracelet in your "Not over you" video <3 :D
Thanks for following. I really dig your sound and style. It is some truly great songwriting. Best wishes to you always.
It's painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.
..high jacking their PC with a virus that has a worm connecting them so you can pilfer her info, is not very conducive, especially if
I love how I'm being forced to spend money... I better have enough to buy these outfits haha
Much deserved.
I believe you are spamming and have been hacked
Best night ever:))
literally just received an SMS from Legal saying we cannot use the Cloud ofr TRojan Hears Network so must tweet waivers every hour
I would love to do a photo shoot of you sometime
Girl come on...uh we need to make my tawats into an adult swim show like robot chicken but with no playdoh
hahahah u see why i need an asst too hah
D.o.d dollars ova Dick
Congrats to UCSD Zor for winning Tufaan 2011 and receiving a bid to BA 2011.
I actually like the "Occupy Nationals Park" shirts the Phillies fans are rockin'. Pretty clever on their end, which I didn't expect.
What happened? “ Sorry to hear about what happened to Tyler Perry studios...”
I saw Napoleon last Saturday. Breathtaking & so avant-garde!! Also, saw you from across the theater. Hope to catch up at AMIA!
Normal?! Hardly. Hahaha!
I so would if I looked like a Michelle
Taking my digital final exam! Wish me luck!
i thought that was just to get hard?
From John Care: "You will never "find" time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.” Charles Bruxton , English philanthropist.
download "Gutter Rainbows"...the whole LP. its worth it. work your way backwards from there.
Go go gadget Frozen Yogurt!
If I was a guy I'm guessing my dick would be a solid 9 inches. /via
Good seeing you at health club last week! I also had good workout tonite.
Elite Showcase Basketball Classic and Virginia Elite is in the building tonight!
WHERE ARE OUR PATRIOTS? Why won't you join? www.pledge4patriots.com WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE
Ok. I cried. AH!!!! Brilliant. Just Brilliant. Dear God, please let there be a season 7..... PLEASE!!!!!!!
Keys a car park illegally in a handicap spot.
weird juxtaposition isn't it?
SHUT UP
LMAO, I'm so amused.
Thank the lord. I was just going to bother you about that. You are too pretty to have an egg as your photo!
is it off now?
you didn't reply to my DM yesterday. ):
lmao it won't be! But we can't let Tahj pick b/c he'll have us watching stupid guy movies
go follow
Tomorrow night. #m83 at I love you,
Glad Sixers got that win tonight!
yep. It wasn't just tacos, but all my restaurant purchases last month. A little scary.
Come on Allen
I love how owners like to compliment one another. Its like we're part of an awesome travelers club.
Or Robert Ludlum. RT : I don't know who Robert Mudlum is. Just saying,
Movie and wine with my sister! ... and her boyfriend :)
' Those look really cool!
Ain't that crazy it seem like right after she leave i be missin her SMH
anyways hater ! stop tlkin to me tht ..
Nothing makes great writers like great readers. If you have young people writing for school, read it, enthuse, ask if you can pass it on!
CNBC report "invest in the night" .... #PG Management
Wedding reception time!
I have to be a bitch because sometimes being a lady does not get the job done.
Wow, President Obama won the Nobel Prize!
welcome. it's totally homosexual here.
Dinner with the boys and for mayer for malibu
Final countdown to our upstairs patio opening catch the #Corona after party at 7pm and start your summer off right!
I'd take Varitek throwing the ball to the wrong base rather than throwing it to no base.
I am in snap city! 3 days in a row of #TEAMNUKEM with
Rt if you're going to opening day!!!!
Jax Teller. Everytime I see MamaJax it makes me think of his character's wife on the show. I know...weird.
": Follow my friend who lives in a Eskimo. at " ahh he ment igloo...i hope!!!
haha dont hold that I''m a Bills fan against me!!
Definitly down by contact!!
Sounds awesome + worthy of attention. We need nationally recognized expert for consulting project so seeking slightly different.
you get the point:))
I'm so sorry. There'd definitely would be some legal action coming her way... :-(
Yes u can win all of those awards your nominated for and u should for all your hard work in all ares and peoplehate
nice but a little lonely. No husband, children...just me & the neighbors cat who ventures in my yard every now & then...haha
: Know what? Lol
I love that y'all call it Sally time. Thank you.
I miss the bad things, The way you hate me, I miss the screaming, The way that you blame me! Miss the phone calls
NBA Development League Exceeds One Million Fans In Attendance At Games For.
I got that for an OMF that was for a 45 min show. My handles were set to 5 sec.
just had a vagina monologue at the gym
what's good peanut shaped head ass Lil college student. Lmao
#np Payphone - Maroon 5 "All those fairy tales are full of ...." I'm in love with the song
you got it boy!!
Happy Monday Morning! Have a great day!
We'll be at the East Austin Art Tour tonight as well being open at 24th and San Antonio. BBQ for everyone!
second favourite hockey team is the blackhawks....right??? ;)
“: BABY FACEBOOK: By age 2, 92% of children have an Internet presence & 6% have social-networking accounts, says study.” / Wow
I am super psyched for our lunch date next week! And yes, I used the word "psyched"!
HA. Go Pack Go! RT : Just signed the birth certificate while Jana was sleeping. Everyone, meet Rambo Lambeau Liakos.
I'm jealous, and still stuck on "Preparing Image . . . "
Lazy day today. (:
What is up with white people in Chicago exactly?
in #Chicago I'd take it in a second!
Its pretty fucking good!"
thank you :) <3 love
Great job Gladys!
let's go #blackhawks!
Thanks for following! We have a similar niche. We should schedule an intro call, perhaps we can refer one another deals!
Follow my friend , graphic artist published in some cool tattoo mags. She rocks at girl tats.
SP Tool Tip: Idera Site Monitor, Space Trends to monitor which sites are taking max resources Database Accelerator - Point out Bad Indexes;
God doesn't give the things we want, but the things we need. God doesn't give the people we want, but the people we need. Have faith!
<<<<<<<<< you gone Need king Kong if you step to me. You gone learn today now let's play
Dnt be sendin no bullshit like that to ma twitter account
Congrats to for being superawesomecool silent auction winners last night!!
about to work on this shirt design for
Mind boggling. The stitches on the shoes got me too. Very curious. My head is spinning!
thanks very much. Hope all is well in the beautiful rock up north. Cheers from a warm Scottsdale.
Uh, not a good start for Colby Lewis.
gotcha thanks i will check it looking forward to it:)
Minus Pandora, I realize I find most music-related webapps and social media irresistible.
its ur b-day?!!! I didn't know!!! Happy, happy Birthday hun!!! I hope u had a blessed one!!!
pay attention
Kool & the Gang are great and all (I swear I'm hearing every 90s rap sample ever) but all I want are some face-melting Eddie Van Halen riffs
thank you!
Scott Pilgrim. <3
“: Wow. Do you really need the names? Alomar, Baerga, Belle, Hargrove and Lofton. #Indians royalty
No I won't ask you.
Blake!! You're missing disk 2 of season 9! I swear I didn't lose it! I just opened it!
THANKS !! We're trying to help people keep it local in Houston and let them know where we are and how we can help them!
glad to hear it! we could make some sweet custom stuff for the rock school, just sayin. :)
Tonight! Pre-funk with Travis Baron at the Cap Club, Made Like a Tree at clubhouse, Innerflight party at Church of Bass, Analog at Rebar.
Heading out to NYC tomorrow to hang out with all you Flash Peeps before Flash on Tap! See ther rest of you in Boston on Thursday :D
Just saw some guy in my neighborhood on a motorized skateboard with a seat. I think it was
They're honestly the best seris I've ever read. It was so amazing, I literally read from 11am to 1am. All day, everyday.
The Bluest Rye
Check out our Facebook page for some fun pictures of Halloweens past, and be sure to come see our staff in costume this Saturday!
Wow. How could Peyton Manning and the Colts part ways? Why don't the Colts have Peyton teach Andrew Luck until Peyton's done.
Waiting for a beautiful baby boy to be born. :D I'm so excited.
i'm "working" as a volunteer receptionist at my son's high school. as eg would say, "Have to be cute, smart and funny!"
“Leadership is not a noun. It’s a verb. It’s active. It’s movement.”
big mama's in NO East is good.
- congraduations! :) I'll be in Portland in a few weeks. Liked it last time I was there.
Time 2 announce the winner for Kontempo's giveaway! The lucky winner is call us at Kontempo 402.714.3888 2 claim your prize!!
Kiss me till your drunk <3
i was actually talking about the smile)))
did you every think that was more like cheese crack then a cheese crisp?
stay off my twitter.
in louisiana :))
Happy Record Store Day! ya`ll go out & support your local INDEPENDENT music seller.Lots of good free stuff out there only available today.
Trying so hard to stay awake for the next 40 minutes until my flight boards... Remind me to never take another flight at 1:00AM!!
always. If I ever have a band, it will be called The Always Alreadys.
Signing off twitter to avoid UFC spoilers... g'nite!
no actually going to Patagonia
I am actually pretty good dancer too much partying in undergrad
Driving, she hit a median—in Silver City—and maybe she overcorrected—and her truck rolled in a ditch—and was leaking gas—and now she's hurt.
i think i should GO AHEAD and take tht chance
I'm in the shop on Mon, Tues, and Wed, afternoon. Call me for an appointment at 888-3-WALK-EZ.
well, is a funny, insightful writer who doesn't appreciate our relationship.
Thank you 4 ur support Carly! We are keeping the dream alive!!! tks tks tks
Lol, only fun part about that was seeing my friends☺👍💜 guess I'll have to deal with one more year.
I think my downstairs neighbor has a table saw. Or an broken foot massager. Or an insane vibrator. One of these. Or maybe all of these.
Shiet idk man. I have a lot of stuff to do out here but if im out there ill def hit you up
Watching way too much Netflix. I like catching up on shows.
Thank YOU AV!!!! You did some AMAZING work! Video will be up on 's YouTube tonight
Put that there in the summer, they have a lot of AAU video..haven't updated that in a while though, will add you in
I won a high school title, does that make me Dan Marino?
XD look up True Life
Anyone want a sneak peak of my One Direction cover tomorrow?
haha that fan pic is funny as hell..whats good for tonight..were tryin to link up with yall
Has anyone else noticed that GG & MJ have the same noses?
6 new communities comming soon located in Homestead Miami Doral Cooper City & Delrey Beach for info contact me at
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
anyone still following any of the #new52 from the #DCU ? I havent read any since about December... are there any favorable storylines?
Pussy weed n weed lol
how u get a blister
was it successful? I'm curious to what you did.
Happy #Halloween from Have a safe and #spooky good time!
A pivotal time in Greg's young life. Envious!
Yooo its cold here in chicago smh
check your facebook messages.
Good, maybe i can hold on to some of my money.... :)
probably the same.
Need a room and equipment management solution? Stop by and learn about Room Reserve. Demo starts at 2 PM in booth #1817!
He tweeted during the red flag stoppage not while driving. C'mon man!!
Can't believe I almost got fired when I was off the clock
Great voice, enjoyed your performance.
Overheard: "I was at last year's session when the DTTF was formed, and what they've done in just 1 year is miraculous!"
What if i just dyed my hair green? Like green green. I'm so over my hair....
Just noticed that earlier today!
That moment when you realize all of your #SciFiSeaCreature movie love came from your childhood obsession of
"Thanks Mom."
Im in so much pain.
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
aron live there huh bum
amen..gloria a Dios..
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars placed CB David Jones (undisclosed) on injured reserve, ending his season.
For the 90th time Go Habs Go!
Lol RT : I don't have a bucket list but my fucket list is a mile long.
I don't want to jinx it but......Giants are rolling!
#MTP Chuck Todd annoys the crap out of me.
The time change just rocked my world. I was actually awake at 5:00, and didn't notice til 9:00.
Spurs taking it tonight..sweep baby
Now jello shots in champagne.
next up for the band: on March 24, don't forget to get your tickets early for this great event
Making Superbowl Sunday Plans? Don't forget to stop by Di Pasquale's! OPEN Super Bowl Sunday February 5, 9am-2pm
Have fun if you do! :)
Chris doing a site tour with Tate at U of M today! Checking out the Stadium, Indoor Practice Field, Weight Room and meeting friends.
Better now than during the season, right?
DJ Wizz Kid rare Saturday appearance tonight at SUITE!!!!
So I wish I was a slave to an age-old trade. Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways. #
Thx...how can it not be a great weekend. It started off with #Avengers then beer after. ;)
Thanks for the RT.
Gah! Internet is out cuz of snow storm!!!
I have enough funding to have you killed another 342 times. Maybe we should just have lunch instead...
u get the DVD we sent?
Thank you for the re-tweet hope you can make it :)
Night twitter :)
I'm game for a rematch, but after three losses in a row in WI are you?
Im hungry :/
hahahaha.... I have a secret obsession with taco bell too .... Don't tell no one lol
Bankruptcy filings in February up 10% from January according to ABI report
Lmao i hope i get it too! Cuz we could have hella fun together while makin money lol
I dnt care how 'cute' Jake is, he's still a freaking Witch Hunter and i hate him. Btw, What the heck was wrong with Cassie?
Check out our facebook page, Entrepreneur School For Kids, and Tell us what you think. :>)
talk her in to joining you and Prospect Park. You're a great combo.
That's so cool!
I just lost money betting against the 49ers but how do u not feel good them winning this game. Wow!!!
you should have ratigan every week
#Follow_Back Following back legitimate followers.
tnx to all my new followers!!!!
Find a job.
yes he does. which one did you just see?
An ep of #Portlandia is being filmed across the street from my parents' house. #IsntThereARuleYouHaveToTweetThatStuff?
You only keep those in your life you grew up with, what about those you met on the journey, the ones who befriended you before all of this.
Now I'm feeling kinda crazy,but not just any crazy,is the kind you feel when you drink out the bottle and you gotta drive doin 80
awww we miss you too! Sheesh its been waaaayyy too long! We're having withdrawls!
Wants to get two T-shirts one that says "im with stupid" and the other says "hi im stupid"
where u at boah
I would love to tan without tan lines but not go jogging or run errands.
HA OMG I THINK I REALLY MIGHT BE STUPID. I was scrolling through the tweets shooting down haters and I didn't
Michael. Buble in a leather suit...... .I remain naseous
So far I would have to say a pretty exiting
i guess i'm starting my round2 off early by going to a kegger in lakeview. woo
Bollywood singing time
hello stranger! Your dad is in my prayers and hope he gets well soon. Art Basel has been a good time like always!
Five years ago: Canada won hockey's world championship with a 4-2 victory over Finland.
Not sure if I'm ready to venture out to concerts yet. My sleep is not particularly regular yet with my 6-month old. Some day...
I feel that Wiley's, publishers of the new Air Farce book, really missed the boat by confining this colourful comedy group to black & white.
vermouth is gross.
what do you want for dinner?
The is blessed to have on board! Give a follow to OU alumna & our new manager of communications Amanda Fylan!
Thanks for the note - I'll have to try it :) Hope you had a nice visit to Cspace yesterday!
At the ortho with daughter. She only has 6 months left!
I haven't had this good of a night in a while :) thanks and
#Lasttweet clippernation all day im going to bed
Aw, Jose said "You high? </3" Cause he doesn't want me to get high anymore. Lololololol.
By night huh? I like it D$. We are almost at year since I met u & the gang at Sausages. I had you at my vintage Coors pitcher.
I loved CODE NAME VERITY so much - am very happy I heard about it on the first YA galley chat!
So you fancy tackling my Android jobs?! A degree in all things Star Wars related probably won't help you. How are you mate?
Ah, got it. Well I hope they get back to you. Silence = frustrating.
": I got an idea for a song w/ me & Retweet if u'd like to hear this & I'll hit em up & make it happen!"
this is first time ill ever say it but im exciting to go work today yay me lol
Budget report suggests a $5 increase on ALL parking tickets instead of a $10 increase of street sweeping tickets.
Ok, I'm outta roaming, hooray!
Its already too late too. My mother was yelling at me and I missed my chance... :(
It's funny how I used to loathe Justin Bieber, but now I'm totally swooning over him. 0.o
its 11:11 make a wish....my wish is for you to follow me:-) <3
Going out with my boy :]]]
Austin has grown on me c:
Finding out that some of the voice actors from Overblood 1 were in some pretty high profile Movies/shows. This is freaking me out.
Possibly thee worst shift ever.
I've thought about that... next semester i'm in a digital media entrepreneurship class and I want to play with the idea
"Romney: Obama is leading the country ‘sideways" #yahoonews Will it be as much fun as the movie?
Down here in Orlando. the game was Great!!!!Lebron u were awesome,Let's do the damn thing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
G.M.N.I.: I've been given too much time to think. That's never good.
Jason Rosenbaum: I'm your biggest fan.
You better be careful, mister.
RT Love is the only light that can truly read the secret signature of another person's individuality & soul.~John O'Donohue
oh =/ it would have been soo cool if we were going the same day
Attention #Tampa Bay - Play Friday Pop Quiz Challenge at 12pm NOON!
hahahaha i wish u was serious ,,, so i know its real
you had me at vodka! and now Bacon and bloody mary! OMG. :)
Obsess with the Nominated movie The Descendants such a beautiful story my fav movie of the last 3 years lol
I really don't want to go test drive cars... yet it's something I have to do and needs to be done on a weekday
BUT, if he were to come in in the best shape of his life, COMMIT to defense and team ball? Could be top 10.
will be thrilled to see the work! RT So thrilled to be working with the brilliant & !
how do you bring stu up to speed if they are behind on the tech scene? what if learning curve too great?
If man is free, god does not exist. Conversely, if god exists then man is not free.
So you can keep.the diamond ring? Def a post divorce song
How can anyone who spends $990 on 1 blouse even pretend to understand life for real women trying to figure out how to afford shoes for kids.
From e-books to artist books.
i love how it starts, "get this,"
godspeed, praying for your quick recovery Nile
: LOL to Cinco de Mayo but yes! We're long past due 4 a run! Let's try 4 next weekend
i get to see cody december 3 with btr!!!!! its happening in my town!!! :o
My 3 boys used to come home when I whistled a big whistle.Even now,all 4 heads turn if I whistle within their earshot. (hubby responds 2) :)
hi, just got back and start to Tweet. :)
yeah, this is what we call a correction for the bubble of government spending in those nations.
Congrats! RT : The Good Jobs is 2012 Innovative HR Tech Product of the Year!
robocop: the movie --> out in 2013!
i hate how my tummy starts growling when im alrdy tucked in bed and my teeth are brushed! -.-
Thanks to of for including in his startup report this week.
thanks for guessing, but not close ;) “: My guess it is a homemade lollipop?”
check out at Venom Seattle Saturday Aug. 6th!
I hate you romo
Can I make it up to you with lunch?
I'm going out on a limb, but those two things are not the same, really.
We just heard that you're nominated for 3 #EMMYS!?!? Congrats Jesse!
About to get my day started.
how is any team going to have 3 or 4 1st round picks to trade up for Luck?
innovation lab USC talking "second screens: so what?" w Jonathan Taplin
Happy national best friend's day!
LOL. Hi Victoria :-)
u wasn't alive when they had tim hardaway and chris mullin or a few years ago they beat dallas in the playoffs?
The Avatar is back baby! I've waited far too long and now the wait is over!
I need something to do. I must get out this house
Anyone here the NPr stories today?? How about that eye surgery you can get so you can have 3D vision...
hello Twitter
"What will you remember 10 years from now, that you decided to write that English paper …" (1 of 3 )
thanks for your response. Not too many people that I know appreciate RS
"Don't make excuses—make good!" ~ Elbert Hubbard
We're like little kids on Christmas Eve! Can't sleep, too excited for tomorrow!!!!
Awesome! I'll be there tomorrow and hope to meet you at HH meetup
millard south gold today. ill be on here most of the time.
Always a perfect day on South Beach love it :-)!!!!
goodluck. All I can say..
idk im just always on here and talkin about mb lol
- congrats man! You guys deserve it!
So wishing i had a movie with in it! I'm feeling some Chlo-movie time! Too bad my brother broke Let Me In :(
lol...practice makes perfect, keep tweeting :)
So I've been told I have a big personality is there any truth to this??
TY! #dh11 #altac #alt-ac Good point. Though is at McGill in Canada. How might it differ in UK, eg?
Working now! Thanks for checking in, you probably got a loo of those :) Happy Friday!
Boiling on the #1. Happy Tuesday - hope you get lucky!
You're welcome! Exciting to see the beginning of 24/7 customer support via social media
jus shot some your way
Thank you, OTBgames! Love your games!
innocence makes you feel young? yes, I think it returns us to our beginning self-before the defenses, and life learnings
Today is the birthday of Christian ♥
Good news #Brewers fans, you will be off of work before this game is over.
Don't get sick! Or we'll have to go out for chicken soup instead of cocktails.
Brave looks cute... The Descendants looks like it has potential..
hey! That was nice. Thank you!
I just purchased " My So Called Life " on DVD and I'm not sorry.
so glad u guys are having us! It's gonna be awesome! One hell of an interview!
Wow standing ovation for ms Jill Scott who just went IN
If I am a tease, you have a lot to please
Wow, Denzel Washington isn't lacking in pompous snobbery is he?
Thank you to and all for great #GroveCabFranc #Tweetup. Look forward to another soon!
Thanks! I love those floors! =)
It was like a corner left..... Really?
Excellent..RT : have you heard? I'm in a show on 5/11 at so stop on by, doors open at 6:-)
I still don't understand why people follow parody accounts...
sounds like a plan
oh, thank you much! Hope you are enjoying a beautiful weekend, Cybele!
Ah you making money for the babysitting? As for me I'm sadly sick, but at least after having half a day's worth of rest-
by indonesia
Kerry's hair is also great might I add.
In the bed I go hard like Jordan I love it when I'm with u baby
The Auburn defense is punching out already in the 3rd Q. LSU 28 AU 3
You'll note that "correct" and "right" are synonyms, COINCIDENCE?
Oh Yeah!
Honestly, ANYTHING buy mustard. I absolutely can't do mustard.
Lol I'm about to do something I never thought I'd do. All in the name of. .
Nope. A few clouds
that's a sorry sorry person! R u ok?
When 1 door closes, another dr.opens; but we so often look so long & so regretfully upon the dr, that we do not see the 1s which r open 2 us
Agree. Why fix that? : This is awesome. "Fixed occasional issue where a guest would arrive to the player’s wedding dead"
It is a gorgeous night in Austin. So thankful for lazy Sundays with my boys
Your disrespectful to him man lol and we are talking about Jim Brown and his movie is just starting to come. Coincidence lmao
English tea. Sunny day. Life is good here in Portland.
i make sure i will. are yaw working upward bound this yr?
#DallasCowboys What Bill Parcels had partially built is finally imploding. The Parcels wave has finally come to shore!
Leaving for Jordan tomorrow!! It's finally here woo!
When I said, "yeah, sure", but what... literally what I said was "yeah, sure, sir."
1 More day and im gone!
Last call! Tonight it is Latino Night at Salute! $7 Shrimp brochette and $7 Italian Margaritas. 46 East Superior!
corinne is sitting in marketing telling me how big my boobs are getting.... hahahhahahah
Just saw a hummingbird in our yard for the first time, sniffing around the crape myrtle blossoms.
Woot! Wish you all we're here! HA! #TwitterMovie Fun! =D
I wish was my son so I could make him baked goods and convince him to play for me anytime I wanted.
Have you reserved your table/seat for the New Year's Eve Party in the Pier Bar?
Whenever I see dried vomit on the ground it takes me back to what once was and what could've been.
Resisted the urge to sign an email to a vendor rep "Cheers & beers."
even one you would recommend most? coming from someone w/ expertise this would be helpful
I was so disappointed in my cowboys what is going on. I miss players who played together as a team.
it wasn't my word choice but while she misspoke it was still an interesting quote
I need professional pictures taken soon does any one have any contacts or know of any studios
I've noticed. I'm trying to sell my home and haven't had too much luck yet. Hopefully soon.
Great day in the mud
really hope to see way more of Duffy.
ya lo sabe!!! No hay que confiarse.
lets get this trending #travishenningisaboss!
Correction. A donette. A small donut. Suitable for those not willing to go full donut. Like me.
thanks - good luck with next weeks event!
We're lucky to have you in PS ! RT Happy 13th anniversary with !
Eatting subway for dinner tonight Yumm #YEE (: Lol it makes me think of and his subway song lol
Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball
Lol #epicsaxguy has a vitamin water commercial! Classic!
That whole "you got peanut butter in my chocolate or chocolate in my peanut butter" is pretty similar to my theory on how aids got started
Gorgeous day for a Relay.
MT : Kim Jong-il and I watched "When Harry Met Sally" - he fast-forwarded to the end so they could be together sooner. Romantic.
Are you ready for the weekend?? Well we are...have any big plans?
I don't like it when ppl snap at me.
After the Dem House gives the shaft to the Rep's, how can ANY dem even try to complain about the Senate redistricting!
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. Robert Frost
I'm eatinn now !
I jus wona say goodmorning to all ugly ass bitches lol straight up
luv your grandson and send us some Oregon tweets. See you at the market when you get back
that is absolutely amazing! Congrats on making it through the process.
#np laid to rest by lamb of god
People showing up at 130, time for second wind.
THANK YOU ...!! And oh shit all this time I was thinking I was mentioning the real one lol
Self... We gonna need our actions to line up with heart & spirit
Asshole! Ya no me hables then :P
sister my sister!
How is ice dancing considered an Olympic sport and lap dancing isn't?
THIS. “: Is Google Drive actually a new product, or just a rebranding of the Google Docs filesystem with a desktop client?”
awww but at least your getting paid mad money!!! #jealous. Soo.... No ones here.. Lmao!!
Jaden Smith's voice >>
#ILostMyVirginityTo a Destiny's Child song. My 17 year old brain was like "Yo, that's romantic as hell, son."
It's bad when you have to look around every few second -.-
so many great bands NOT inducted into the hall.
Got a nice donation of DVDs today . . . with the directive. "make sure there's no porn in there."
Rain has stopped the sun is out, drop in for some patio specials: $3 glass of select wines, cheese & crackers $7.99, big case discounts!
Reduced fixed cooldown of demonic fire to 2.5s.
Fuck it let's 1337 this shit up and call it "D1AbL0 ]|["
RT : I think we should move to demanding positions from AAP members on #SOPA #RWA soon
#nashville #help need southern style locations for a photo shoot tomorrow!!!!
I'm so glad about the Corgi at the end. I was starting to develop a low self-esteem.
We're dying to know who is getting your votes for this year's #Oscars! Do tell...
So bummed that I can't go to the premier tonight. Darn you, 8AM exams!
Thanks, *that* was exactly what I was missing. And, yes, I think that's a cool idea.
thanks for the follow! Love working with you :-)
We saw one the other day with 6 cop cars. It was insane! And the driver was just roaming around. Clearly not a threat.
Don't forget the Cricket!!
and we're thankful for your thankfulness!
Inventors: Margaret Knight invented machines that stopped factory workers being injured & a machine that makes flat-bottomed paper bags.
Cool! We'll be stopping by your booth!
Thank man! I appreciate you taking the time to listen.
just got off work bout to hop on some call of duty aye...
Doing well. Thanks.
Jam jammie dodgers are the best,ew at toffee and chocolate.
people are so emotionally draining
Are you in SEA and interested in being part of a focus group for ? Anytime this week, $50 for your time - Let me know!
Pulse Bare coming up at 10:30!
so ill let u think on that(:
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
I just want a follow back from ☺👍❤
Any live feeds for the ireland match? Can't find it in the U.S ffs....:(
Starting the morning with a little Bill Withers ... it's gonna be a
hehe ;) well u guys wanted it! Did u like it ? (: RT it please <3
I'll take one of those air guitars for sure. Let me know when you do it. So I can make room in my collection.
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back!.
Thankful for all the independent women who have shaped my personal and professional lives.
damn just now realizing the difference between the iPhone retina display and my late generation iPod
Tonight Come Laugh at 8PM with
RT : Video is a must for social media in 2009.
I really news my shot I seem to be getting more anger each day I don't have it
And give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ephesians 5:20,
Oh great. Its gonna rain tomorrow. Some j4ck4ss down the street just washed his car :)
Offspring No. 1 just left for Coachella. Me: will you txt me? Email? Facebook? Him: You can follow me on Twitter.
Yes indeed.
muy bueno (very good in Spanish)
Results! Why man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Just got my summer teaching schedule - teaching 5:15 - 9pm on Monday's - going to be a long Monday for this gal!
Really excited to go back to ohio for Christmas... I know it's a long way away but still...maybe I just miss my family
“Learn piano, son. You’ll always be invited to parties.” – Paul McCartney’s dad (via )
isn't it awful this season?
I will be at broadway bar tonight
It's All Saints Day! “Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.”-- Oscar Wilde. Who's your favorite saint? Mine? St. Michael.
eek, I actually thought I went to the wrong link but didnt' have time to investigate.
Essays formulate in full in my head first. When the words overflow, start to give a headache, that's when I pick up a pen, get it all out.
new supes looks dope!
Thanks for RTs Mentions (hello Cleveland!)
looks like Delle Donne might be going, going, gone
#InOurGeneration People gettin Shot for no Reason
If your not down with FMG here is a special message for you. ╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮
my favorite girl on idol is haley reinhart. :D
#Lt yellow, blue and orange suits
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Children award. One of Senate's strongest advocates for poor kids!
Greta Gerwig: Whit Stillman's new star: Greta Gerwig on taking the starring role in Damsels in Distress, Stillma..
something about the Heat are the biggest globs in the league. Hahahahaha
Get Only The URL Of The Previous And Next Posts In WordPress
wow u know u hate that
": I'm so sleepy...." I hate when I am tired,but I can't bring myself 2 sleep! Like Tonight.I will be up 4 hours 4 no reason
The panda is back
GO BIG BLUE!
If you're not watchin Southland, you are watching shitty TV.
I'm at buffalo wild wings
We out here
#InsideJob definitely needs to be added to the collection. It'll make explaining the fiasco a lot easier.
Kind of you to say, sir. Thank you in return :)
Oh wow... Do you ship to Seattle?
I've done what I can 4 2nite. Wish it were more. You're so excellent at this!
Who the fuck leaves their house knowing that someone else has your kids. Especially not letting you know #
I love it, too! Have you been to the harbor? You should get drinks at The Ritz Carlton at sunset!
yes we are very lucky with our designers! Got your logo, added to list!
LEARN FROM OTHERS MISTAKES IF ALREADY HAVENT MADE ENOUGH YOURSELF
Super excited for the premiere of our new TV show SoundDiego on NBC/KNSD tonight. It immediately starts right after SNL. Yay for HD!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG CLARK HAS HIS OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT (':
Praying friday comes fast!
"experimenting with naming patterns" gist links is busted. Great read so far.
Toyota's 100 CARS FOR GOOD. Voye for UNITY June 8th & help US win a new Toyota Sienna for granting wishes & taking "JOURNEY" on pet therapy
Wondering what is thinking of the new NFL hats...
SMU university curriculum now requires a min of 2 IL courses. I wish we had that kind of buy-in from our upper admin.
yeah haha where'd u see me
abrupt transition from sleep to wide awake!
“: So nice to see and pamper with hope u don't get caught in the rain again x”
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
It's cold here. :( It was so warm when I left less than a week ago!
is he going to stay in Arsenal??
andrew's drink spilled at Applebee's, that's 3 years! & the tradition goes on :)
Lots of claims called in today, good thing we have over 9000 #autoglass shops we work with!
Wow! Your Angelina Jolie totally changed, more accuracy. I like both of them. They're two different interpretations.
"You're so fresh, Febreeze made a scent after you. You're like a walking Febreeze."
We still have have horrible infrastructure andno high speed rail.We can do more.Plenty of people out of work
We need each other we have to have our own posse's who saddle up for each other-
I DO NOT YOU TELL ME EVERYTHING CAUSE YOU DO TE CREEPING
Shout out to all my Tweeps! Thanks for tha love!!
LIKE BIEBER IS MY BEAST ON FACEBOOK
Finally realizing that #tomorrow is not #promised....so y not #live in the # moment....with integrity and dignity.....
New Tom Waits ftw.
Losing followers <<
RT : Be like the flower, turn your faces to the sun! ~Kahlil Gibran
Good time in Walker tonight Thanks to and everyone who came out and partied. Halloween is done.
love you baby
I have failed two students this semester due to services like QC PaperWriters. These services are predators, pay-day lenders of academia.
want to try something different and worldly?
Never piss a girl with ambition off.
Why don't you stop whining and just do something about it
we do!! Omg wow u can tell by the acrylic nails! hahah l
i wish paradise was code for Dallas
with a 'nife'
New Chemical Engineer over here! Congrats, man! --> RT : Accepted into #RIT!!
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Thanks! I'm excited & nervous. :-)
He's so hilarious! I saw him earlier today..
Holy shit, this summer is going to kick ma bootie. Intensive dance training nd workout errday...I'm liking this idea
#alamw12 #el12ala Good morning Dallas! Good morning ELs! Ready?! Btw where's the sun at this morning?
is officially on NH ballot. Haters can go suck an egg.
I hate fighting
Reno Bighorns are in Austin. Hopefully they come away with a win.
thanks david! And I loved your tweet earlier. Said like a true UofM fan. Haha!
The majority of those who want #marijuana legalized tend to be under 30 and #liberal, go figure!
ok what time
Hhffjjhrdhordjjvswasdcbjkurdbmiu was here
It is hot cocoa weather here!! Spring in Hawaii = RAIN LOL
On a similar note, Rickie Weeks has more walks (23) than hits (19) this season.
"Thinking itself is positive, and negativity is a form of not thinking." Think about it :)
Feel like having a beer but i dont drink on sunday thats ok i will have some tommorow night for raw
First day on the job :) Stay tuned for updates!
Hello Ft. Lauderdale Beach!!
blerg at least now I have an excuse to be lazy and lay on the couch all night haha
Less than one month, I will be 50 . . . how did that happen?!?!?!?!?
In 2011, a grassy swale outside Gaston revealed a secret. Find out what scientists discovered at this Metro natural area....
if I was there, I'd go with you. :)
#1000 tweet finally
It's my favorite time of year... Girl scout cookie season!! Yumm
#Occupy discussion underway at #afs11 Alumni Hall - what can folklorists be doing to share the stories of people involved in the movement?
Like if Jordan & Cartwright were out & Pippen had a bum wrist. : Our top 3 players (Rose, Noah, Deng) all injured #whatdoyouexpect?
Sorry we didn't get to chat yesterday regarding your ordering system. I will call again after lunch.
When all these people are talking about exams and stuff... bitch i've been on break for a week (:
What do you want to know how to do to make your living room better for the holidays this year?
The People's Forum for Charlottesville City Council Candidates begins tonight at 7 PM.
“: Just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen 😂 ”
5:30am alarm stark reminder why I don't drink beer and eat nachos every Sunday night.
Slow sports betting nigjht. Guess I'll be on Poker stars
UH I'MA NEED YALL TO GET IT TOGETHER LOLL RT Most of our money goes on weed and gas
Also, if youre going to give Jamison "credit" for mentoring here you also have to ask what the hell was he doing in Washington
those pants are so cute!!!!
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value. Coffee is one of the world's most crucial primary products.
Your rants on the Blazers announcers are Quick-on-Feltonesque. Pretty hilarious.
#lemonade is the best snapple
I forget easily easily, but i never forget!
the jets paid to have jesus on their sideline, not tebow
I haven't played my piano for like 2 weeks..
thanks for the tweetage -- I think has an e-version if you need it again -- eager to read your book!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com tonight and register to watch all of tonights games live online just register to gain access enjoy!!!
I'm not gonna criticize Chris brown's lip syncing anymore. Ppl come to see him dance & he delivers! Singing live would be impossible~
oh really
you on the computer or the phone?
Tonight I'll be at "Ritual Fridays" at The Atrium Lounge with Come out and wear green for Saint Patricks Day weekend!!!
Convos over Twitter seems a bit like an email turn-based chess match... there's a bit of inherent latency between blurbs.
It is physically impossible to distinguish who's hotter, edward or jacob
Seriously. I'm pretty open-minded, but seeing young children at Watchmen made me physically ill.
#oomf said that they use their kids pee to pass drug tests at work !
Controvery Shmontroversy. You've risked your life for years so that others might survive. Much love and support.
Lmao! I know you see me (Yung Joc voice)
Why thank you sir!!!! The otter pun was ESPECIALLY fantastic! ;)
Watching a walk to remember :( sad movie
yourso out of the loopright now, I'll bring you ingirl ;) ok so she might be having a private event so tweet random things to win!
no sir
"You will retain all ownership rights to any Content you submit or make publicly available"
About to jump off the bridge....
Oklahoma City goal..
Just found out my mom's Dr took her leftover pain meds to Haiti. So cool!
#TAFP is still experiencing server issues but we'll be back up in a few hours. Call our office (DM for the phone #) if you need to reach us!
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's only entry is Oberon. Would taste even better if it was warmer out
"When you're weak,I'll be strong. When you let go,I'll hold on.Just take my hand together we can do it.I'm going to love you through it."<3
The wooly mammoth look looks good on ;)
Good meeting you tonight at Actor's Key. Make sure to soak in a bubble bath when you get home haha.
That's voluteering for Ron Paul!
Just ordered two Newborn Headbands from Sew Whimsey!!! Now who has a baby on the way I can photograph soon??
thank you
Check out our newest Give Away. Now we are talking $$$$
thanks. you're really nice. i could never be that way. too many annoying things in this world...
u guys r so good and I listen 2 ur music but then my turn tabls break
RT We meditate so we can SEE Gods many miracles unfolding...without stillness, life is a blur
Does anyone know if allows Street View images to be published w/credit? Anyone have a link to their policy?
The problem of overlapping hierarchies is written all the way down the computational stack.
I just smacked myself in the face with a pair of headphones. OUCH!
Mon Ami Gabi really good oysters
Gad to share it out, Blair. I'll pop in for a few.
Ohh i gotta go get ready for school now. I'll try to tweet later! Bye loves!<3
The #NYRangers are on a tear. This is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team...
Today = Spring Cleaning & Spring Break Body Training!
Godzilla is trending,it's possible he caused this mess, with his little stubby arms and bad breath all angry because nobody loves him.
heeyyy guys im bck!!! wanna talk????
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it & are a paid member DM me!
Ruh-roh. New warbler is dreamy.
thanks for the #love and retweet.
Spent 16 hours learning how to add more free time in my life. I can almost taste that first tennis lesson.
What are you doing Sixers?
follow me back please ? (:
Automaton is a weird word.
I kno I gotta look harder
reported a system at work yesterday i come into work check my email telling me the issue was resolved an it actually was. Never happens
Officers anyone?
Evidently I have "a natural knack for indexing." Perhaps my third attempt at a career will be successful after all!
Rams return to the 20...too bad they won't get any further!..3rd quarter over. Skins going out with a bang
RT : More good news to report: Michigan's unemployment rate dropped again last month – we’re down to 8.3 percent
#BeliebersAreAllStupid ? lol wow i know Belieber fans are mad ! oh well build a bridge and get over it !!!
If my mom doesnt bring me to sushi to celebrate imma #SlapABitch 👋💢😥
I am still waiting for a call from the networks. You want in as an adviser on the script?
RT : RT : All of Indiana now hates Billy Cundiff.
When does Bowman get questioned for his poor past two seasons?
Plates Promo: Mention that you are a FaceBook Fan of ours and get 15% off any new single food plate this month.
Thank you all for being so patient, it looks like we got mistaken for having an automation because we had such a huge response!
#Wells Fargo in indian hills will be there all day on friday giving things away and free shave ice.
My favorite #GOTMom is Mother of Dragons!!
lol, FTR, I'm actually not one of them.
No! But its wack to take a slampiece on a date. You NEVER know round here!! ": Is it wack to take girls on dates now? I'm confused."
watching harry potter (;
Don't you just hate it when Twitter is down? It feels like you've lost touch with everything that's going on.
is that in your hand or feet? :]
Sittin wit my boy in Argyle, TX listenin to Pastor Dino bring the word..... Gotta love when 2 worlds collide!!
“: Oh nice! I think I'm going try going to one of the places this weekend! #SacBurgerMonth” awesome!
prove it.
Q8. Absolutely! Especially when we have practices or events in the evening.
MT : I want to watch Cougar Town, just not sure I want a puppy everyone that watches Cougar Town season finale gets a puppy.
Did you guys know the elephant is the only mammal that can't jump?
Q7 thought I'd be a subject specialist in academic library since I have 2nd masters in humanities, never got interviews
Who's ready for the launch of our new road unit website???
It's just that Kruiser is running out of kooky losers to support and he's lashing out. Mitt wins!
Grounder up the middle BASE HIT FOR BROCK! Sveum scores, Braggs to 2nd and the Brewers are to within three!
u guys in Houston now
Gealto Flavor of the week sweet dreams- guaranteed to give you sweet dreams! A vanilla and lavender dream come true
Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets when you hear Katy Perry "California Gurls" in the 9am hour! (8th call @ 222-9800) Good luck! :)
Starting a bit mellow but transitioning to nineties dance party by 8:30. at 8th floor
Happy birthday Ryan!(:
In the end, a Spartan's true strength is the warrior next to him. So give respect and honor to him, and it will be returned to you. -300
m ice cream truck stopped by today with tasty treats! Strawberry Shortcake ice cream bar. At least that's all I cared about.. EROCK
Set up
not creepy at all o_O
This is a message from the heavens
just attended the Dallas Producers Association's bi-annual showcase of production work by its members. Great meeting...great work!
VERY Nice Meredith!!! KUDOS!!!
Thanks to for introducing me to the awesomeness that is Zotero!!
so excited to hear Obama's announcement, but sad that I had to hide a few people's updates on Facebook in response
our apologies: the corsair show is at the southern, not the
Kids are doing tongue twisters. Six sick sheeps. Ba!
oops, come on Friday too
If pole dancing's an art you know how many fuckin’ artists I know
What I mean was that all the console gamers were full into their games of choice ie Rainbow,Gears,Halo and no one thought
When's your birthday?
Convenient lest it makes decision-making more complicated that it already is.
Bout To Hit This Tru Religion Store
I'm going to need a mix of songs similar to madeon night out remix to make mornings this good always
I predict lakers make the finals this year.
Yea just made a decision to leave early and screw my grandmas Easter Sunday
If I get one more email about righting the wrongs of the CFB HOF /gets two more emails before I can write the tweet
Gracias, Thanks for the follow!
I smell insulin, that must mean is on the plane!
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband. ~ Joan Rivers
because I love storytelling over an arc. Movies are great, but I think episodic lets you dive deeper into the ongoing psyche
What time is best for you? I am free around 3pm?
you wana hangout at the mall?
The anticipation is killing me!
I'm really gonna miss #House it's one of the few shows on TV that's still an actual intelligent drama. Great episode tonight.
When big girls try and wear clothes they know don't fit them <<<<<!
Mizzou's lack of a #buzzerbeater means Norfolk St is a
sigh...another day, another paper/quiz
Where you headed man? Wi-Fi on a plane is pretty useful.
Re: N.E.R.D. Only the played-out ones
I bet french fries would go great with sushi.
no such thing as too often at the rhino. You bite your tongue.
Anyone else using Back Track for testing out security on their own servers?
I don't get back to buffalo until 830, Thursday I can but I leave for new hampshire Friday
Don't forget that there is life after the NFL too!
Happy Birthday!
Taken a shower and calling it a night
We should have information shortly about accommodations for #thatcamp SE. But don't let that prevent you from applying today!
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. ~
That is a perfectly acceptable reason! :)
OMG that would be amazing! Yeah show us Jerry! Or I'll just settle for some pervy tweets lol.
We had a blast !! What a audience - love New Orleans !! And the food is totally amazing !
Happy birthday Jc, you'r amazing & deserve the best. May all you'r dreams and wishes come true <3 :")
I GOT HACKED.. AND IM TWEETING FROM .FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER. SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
I still keep up with a few freinds there
I've had a pretty good Monday! 😍
Where us what?
The key is not 2 prioritize what's on your schedule, but 2 schedule your priorities. ~ Stephen Covey
“: Maybe JPM bought the puts to counter this $2B loss...that should do it...
I love you to :*
rainy, rainy #Cleveland morning!!
I'm utterly confused by this tweet. Please advise
Banana Pudding Milkshakes are like Heaven,
Tomorrow, I conquer my laziness and lack of self discipline.
watching someone ENJOY taco bueno in my face<<<<<
Has anyone tried moving directly from Drupal 5.22 to Drupal 6.22? update.php gives me an empty, white screen *&^%&%#!!!
They changed their policy a while back. JIRA is indeed free for non-profits including museums.
Approximately 115 days until the NFL season begins. So excited!
I love gettin mah booty hole tickled...
Going through my tweets to figure out what made me lose followers...Probably my controversial retweet of about
Thanks for the RT about my rebuttal to the "idea du jour" that points to dishonesty in creative people. It's just not so!
gawd i havent been on twitter in FOREVER
heat. But both teams look solid. #lakers all the way though. Woo! Hahaha
Oh hey Blake Griffin haha
Won my 2nd round match today 3 and 2 for the Lake Presidential match play tourney. Putted extremely well. Round 3 next wk vs Peter Bondra.
Love this new country boy intern on #Bones. Love that accent - #rednecks are smart too!
Dear Sir, I'm enclosing a drawing of a spider. Hopefully this explains how bar graphs work.
Bananas suck. Stupid peel gets stuck in my butthole. I want to eat the costume. RT : did u like your banana costume?
Jolly Rancher Candy Canes >
Speaking of Super Monday Night Combat, anyone played the beta yet? (Gotta be tough competing with Diablo I this weekend....)
Watching 7 days of sex
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world. -Walt Disney
Recalla cough drops
Yes mama!
Yes! Let's do it again soon.
lmfao I spammed myself, I signed onto my other account & had 76 notifications from myself LOL but yes <33
Headed back to Boston for a visit. Can't wait for drinks in the so end.
I don't pick up wat ?
the notebook, a walk to remember, and the time travelers wife are all on tonight
we're with you!
CONGRATULATIONS To VaLaun And Khadijahh On Theirr Baby Boy. Awww...Young Love w/ A Bundle Of Joy.
Don’t say you’re happy because everything is alright. Be happy because even when everything’s complicated, you’re still doing fine.
To the asshole who stole the SD card in my cell phone, hope you enjoy all the pictures of my cat.
how's your day?(:
bout to hit ur phone
Oregon wine country. Whoop whoop.
who Owens this joint el biscocho de lorain.
According to Snopes.com, no verifiable incidents of this nature have been reported.
Not telling how to do his job. Sent a suggestion w/ zero malice behind it. He doesn't want to do it, that's cool.
Thanks for the #FF, Charlie. Have a great weekend.
I have an Irish dance competition today! Wish me luck dude.
Hayley from the DanceFit team rang in her birthday with her first-ever Bootcamp class!
does it talk back? You wrappin' with food?
GG season finale in an hour. Blah. Do I even wanna watch it? Don't answer that. Of course I will.
only if you wanna . i just wanna go and have fun !!
RT : #adtech countdown: 6 days! 57% of people talk to people more online than they do in real life via
photographic proof of my win!
About to meet with a potential client in Grand Prairie, TX. Wish me luck.
Yup, they keep making #GoogleReader worse... I miss having a simple down arrow for scrolling. Odd item to skip.
Like you say, you must educate. I love to say custom marquetry work
I am stuck in a hotel while my wife is at home in pain from wisdom teeth surgery.
Many people who get class action notices don't act on them because they think they are not real.
I should have never been introduced to the "draw something" app...
We'll be learning make-up tips from a celebrity Pro thanks to Johnson's
Ty u too
I was drunk as shit lastnight
how do i get friends on this shit lol
The lifelong commitment of two people in marriage is a beautiful thing if they have the right combination of genitalia.
I am a yogi, I always return the present ;>|
Sleeping at 's
Congrats!! Just watch the episode... Love the show.
Three prominent GOP donors from Missouri give Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker a combined $750,000 earlier this month
Just curious...how many of the #blogtrends participants have a profile?
about to head to school . -_____-
if you have any LSU left, save me one! I'll swing by around 2:30 :)
What's everyone doing this weekend? :))
Just realized I have 3 weeks of vacation left for the year. Very tempted to just pack it in for 2011.
What up world? It's such a beautiful day to be in the studio
I havn't had any coffee for 3 days and it's killing me OUCH!
Build a DVD library of romantic movies. Watch at least one per month.
Cocktails on the patio, mojito included.
I'd be so happy if I never saw the terms #preggo or #babybump ever again.
takes side-address to a whole new level. Not functional but pretty.
" Chick-fil-A sales exceeded $4 Billion in 2011, its highest ever & more than 13% over 2010." Getting fatter 1 sandwich at a time
Ah, Thursday already! Stationery design and two audio book covers on the agenda for today.
#Marge Simpson Bear Jew.... Kick ass!!!!
Lovely day in Corvallis, great conversations, thank you all! I'd come again, particularly if you can keep Delta from sending me via Atlanta
if I want things to change is up to me nobody else.
#askObamaBalanced approach to deficit.
Although I do know hot weather makes kale more bitter. Maybe related?
I have sleeping in the office hangover right now. Bleh.
your dad is very proud of you for sure! Great job tonight
#BestofIL05 The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum’s Judy Istock Butterfly Haven: where it’s always summer!
we should have a Wakey Wakey Eggs and Bakey Pancake breakfast.
Must have been a HOB staffer previously. Shitty camera policy.
is that Beenz????
haha omg she saw a cute guy but I didn't see him and she told me that he had a white t-shirt I looked around and then I saw
I love my boyfriend a lot
There's no such thing as a sophisticated slut
#ConcertWishList oh wait i am seeing them in 62 days in Maine!
thanks :) i had surgery on my other foot about 5 yrs. ago, so i've pretty much fallen right back into the 'recovery routine!'
Yo. I'm eating fun dip right not giving a fuckkkk- Bangarang
you deserve it girl. God bless!
thank you same to you!
your both adorable.
Not sure it is everywhere in the US.
I just need to get away & clear my mind.....
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be contacting Pussy & Pooch to see if they might like to bring us in!
am thinking that my scone habit keeps my waist away unfortunately.
So much fun! Thank you ;) : Thank you to & for coming to the
One of the many reasons I enjoy following you...you respond! :-) Hope motherhood is going great! Not easy to be a working mom.
If only Kings Of Leon and Paramore would tour together.. My life would be complete!.
Great turnout at 1st Amendment Hack Jam! Room is packed with youth learning about and exercising their free speech rights.
I absolutely love you! Did you book your Europe trip yet?
Feel more confident about the #apush exam tomorrow!:)
I think you misunderstood the meaning of that phrase.... Or you understand it perfectly!
Excellent, that's what we're about! RT : hey thank u for your app, found a deal on oysters by the bay
thank you! 
Ketel One / Red Bull....don't mind if I Do. Atleast I made it past 27. Ha ha death.
Writing a new song. I gotta say, in terms of lyrical prowess, I'm the next ... Can't wait to record this
Let's do this
i really want some boat shoes.
Spmeone wanna play Draw Something?
check your dm =P
Most females dont even like they asshole touched, lolz beside who df would eat ASS thats fucking disgusting
Wat go down followers? Tell me somthin i dont know?
Nope. That's old school. The way to do it now is similar but using "events" which didn't exist before.
One week until spring semester is over and i'm back in Seattle!
very true! Incremental steps to the untilmate goal is key. In Organizational Behavior, we call this shaping and IT WORKS!
My pleasure, he's one of the best. Ships all over the country too. Not a client by the way, I just dig his work.
+1 “ Isn't radical change what is needed in healthcare? #s4pm”
#arealboyfriend Every Kiss begins with #Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy drinking
I may not have been able to talk you into Facebook but I feel joining the twat party is at least a half win.
Please vote today make yourself count!
Justin's favorite quote account - go follow her :).
S/o young Dallas talent ready to take over the world!!!!
King of Queens is
So stoked that I know Animal Collective have a record coming out in September. What am I gonna do w my life for 4 Months. #thisisnews?
whoa! Did someone say M&M's? Are we planning a post race weekend lunch for next week or what?
14. And we won't mention how old I am now. Let's just say I've been training awhile.
yes!! Winston was not a looker! btw- the "love" I mentioned was Stella Artois! ;)
don't think it could come any faster....Seen them in Knoxville and Loved It.
Great day for a hike. Time to hit up Runyon
They don't hate everything. Just Latinos, muslims, independent women, gays, AAs, truth, justice & The American Way
Okay clearly sleeping is not happening right now
I use Chrome at home. Should use it at work, but I'm rebelling against MS AND Google. Fight the power!
Omg we so weird!!!!
where was that
Great performance by NDI dancers this morning, commercial shoot going well...long day, but off to a good start!
making an honest living through hard work is one thing..but making it thanks to a sex tape to start is another
Nobody and I MEAN NOBODY has the Father-Son bond like me and my daddy! And Im willing to bet that! (besides me and God)
The one where she overcomes that adversity?
Lunchroom wisdom from a teacher: "Sometimes the best thing to do is keep the burp in your body."
they come on occasionally but not the whole time
Are you all okay?
Thinking its time for the weekend to begin!
RT : Just remember this KEY MESSAGE: said to me 10 yrs ago: "Think digital, act analog." Best advice I ever got
haha I know I was ok until I saw you laughing too and then I almost lost it completely! Lol
oh no! Okay, just one tweet. It's okay. You can tell me.
Thank you everyone who attended and presented at #litaforum 2011. Keep an eye out for the evaluation email and see you next year!
There was a 5 car pileup outside Castle Park yesterday. Glad I didn't need batting practice.
Hey Ellen, how many trees does it need to be. For you to call it a forest? Hope you can help me with this ☺
Go on with with you badass NanoRiMo self! Maybe next year for me....
I am following you now!
Hey everybody beautiful world we live in
RT : "deliverables are merely punctuation in the conversation. Don't let them replace the conversation." -
Thank You, my friend!
RT : Check out the hashtag #whywedontneedlibraries . Add your own sarcasm to the mix!
902 wins 100% class.. Congrats Coach.
Working so close to Disneyland is PAINFUL
bc I'm an angel :)
why for politics and not economics? (i tend to agree w/ you, just asking)
Free frostys for a year!
If this is the prevailing attitude, then Williams needs to be suspended for more than a year to stop it...
You can bet on that. Xo RT Will you be doing more action movies?! (: Love you <3
Idk Yet, Wbu? I Haven't Seen You Since You Left My House Mad At Me! RT : work, wyd today
Agree. I just went to protected Tweets. Unfortunate and counter the whole purpose.
Thornton fouls out...I can has more ads pleeze?
#nwill2011 considerations: time intensive training, constant collaboration, repetition, forgetting infrequent processes.
><:)aha!notreally,u?
Interesting crowd: principals, superintendents, ed profs and deans, legislators, counselors. At SREB Leadership Forum
Bestow upon me the wisdom of the unknown.
Is Denzel filming over by Boulevard too? I've been seeing camera crews there all week...
Been using reusable cups for ten years on four continents. 1st time I've been refused. For shame.
hahah yess he was creepy crazy. "bitch!" :) im ready for a round 2,
Remember when Phil Gramm said it was "only a mental recession." Mental my hillbilly ass...
CHICKENS on the agenda in El Cajon. Cluck cluck!
agreed, what else new and adventurous?
Yes I am that guy wearing shorts today... Why not when I can wear them at work!
Not that I have many followers, but I wanted to tell you that I'll be tweeting tonight for a class at MATC. I'll start with#MKTG118 ^JM
Siting at the studio tracking the third song off of the EP, fixing to move onto the fourth one! Who's ready for it release?
oops! sorry. ;) ok, go ahead
Watching Medium, what happen to that show?
In listen to and over the speakers!
Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
I'm a monster.
i'm digging the team Twitter battles
I do not need anyone's attitude today. Shut up.
No knock on Pollock. Point was, no left-handed pinch-hitter was available due to all the injuries.
you too I'm on the hot dessert
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
Overheard at the Spotify House: what the hell is Spotify?
Far right looms over Hollande-Sarkozy duel (News)
Waaayyy TMI. Ha. ": Nice --> “: I just made a date with for valentines day. Kind of weird and exciting”"
thank you for the follow!!!!
when is the lotto time tonight again?
Browsing my recent 4sq check-ins is like looking at a diary of fun. What an awesome week.
RT : Derek Fisher still reeks of Laker no matter what jersey he wears...hate him! <-even if he wore a SPURS jersey?
wow I love the chairs! would love to use those in a photo shoot!!!
What was the best dessert you enjoyed during Boston Bakes?
When you get people to the stadium who are finally giving a second chance, playing like crap just causes them to stay away longer.
thanks for tar great night...
So, you've compared scores? hm...guess that sort of proves it :-P
I can stand Mike Richards but I'm a big Rob Scuderi fan. I have to go with Phoenix though.
Kings Beat Coyotes 4-2 In Game 1: Dwight Kings Leads Los Angeles To Another Road Win: GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Dwight King scored his secon...
don't duh me
I hate when people are pissy and they take it out on me
[2 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 3rd inning. Houston Astros 2, Milwaukee Brewers 0
how did you like Miller Park?
I am beyond tired and exhausted from this week, but these grades are proving to me that all this work is worth it gotta
Watching Liz brush her teeth is the most attractive thing ever. :P
An accurate pickup truck commercial would show people you haven't seen in 5 years calling & asking you to help move a couch.
when you get back home, let's connect by phone and catch up. Enjoy
What are you referring to?
it's weird how last year on mother's day Justin retweeted me, and then this year he retweeted me in the same week.....creepy.
That seals it, we can never open a restaurant.
ND is coming SOON!! December 2nd and 3rd, in Fargo!
Lilly, my deaf pitbull starting taking special training classes. She's doing excellent! I have got a little genius on my hands
Print is tangible it has a bigger sense of time and place than digital, print becomes more meaningful to the viewer.
Oomf sure knows how to piss me off ......
hey what's up! How you been?
Happy Small Business Week: Time to Shine in D.C. National Small Business Week is a big deal for small business. Here's what you can expec
is this one where its starts with women suck lol
#UNDERTHEMISTLETOE = BEST ALBUM EVER!!! (:
Looking for a great #giftidea for summer birthdays? How about a Simon Giftcard - available
Tonight went great! Hope everyone had as much fun as we did! Japan Relief Catfest Friday. Woo!
it was stupid.
sleep is mandatory at this point.. goodnight, twitter.
about to taste 26 craft beers. Wish us luck!
Now following but it's in Italian. Want to reply to The Pope, but I want him to be able to read it.
No one is loyal in life. Everyone uses each other for what they have until the other person is no longer useful.
When you love what you do there's no need to Hate Mondays! ...I wish each and everyone of you the joy of that kind of Monday! :)
Sorry for your loss April :-(
Idc lol I just really love when u sing Sky scraper!! Maybe u should sing Mr. Wizard
Your the best boyfriend ever! Can't wait for our cooking date! :) Muah!
Floyds Philly shell is amazing
Radio tower improves coverage for Chandler police The tower, which cost about $8 million and was grant funded, is at 911 S. Hamilton St.
I can't believe MY Saturn passed a Ferrari on the highway. I mean, it was in flames on the side of the road but hey, I don't make the rules.
Big day for Finally taking the leap and leaving America behind. May the odds be EVER in your favor! xoxo
Somtimes we overlook things when really we already found it we just havent noticed it this music is serious business
We will be at the Vanderbilt
9. I LOVE PASTA
Troy and Abed in the morning! Haha
Also, Charlie, George and Vinny are stupid names. This isn't New York in 1930.
Buenos Dias/ Good morning!
The longer I sit here the more pissed off I get..
you guys are really loving australia!!! :)
Helping my momma at the church
im so glad u had a good day;)
okay thanks :)
+1 RT : Hey #FF to the folks on the panel I'm moderating for #techmunch NYC
no i feel like twwweeeeeeeeeetring
2:05 game today, full sun! Bring your lotion!
#15peopleilove Justin. Austin. Christian. Sonny. Alex. Justin Justin Justin Justin justin Justin Justin Justin Justin.....
Thanks for the code! See you there.
When theres a doubt within your mind because youre thinking all the time, framing rights into wrongs. Move along, move along.
Man, it is REALLY hard to chug coffee.
Thanks for the RT!
That was good as hell
Instagram is so important though Don. It helps inanely poor photographers develop the respect they don't deserve.
Performance review tomorrow
Welcome followers!
Brass time! SPONSOR ME!!... Miss Manhattan beach in the Miss California USA pageant! Get your business in the 10,000 programs being made!
why dont you have alot of followers???
For some reason 4 people decided to unfollow me ):
Consider following and learn about her passion for empowering women!
as a student I work 30 hours a week to pay for college I will not graduate with any debt
Sunny on Washington for once .
Not if IT governance is in place, DLib objectives visible due to performance indicators, measures, controls
Love the grass roots movement of #RonPaul!
Being employed is awesome.
Need more MMJ dates
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful your happiness and love for people
I miss you bad today... :( I wanna see youu!
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THE TIT IS GOING ON. OMG. LINDSEY JUST KICKED OFF THE VOICE. I LIKE A FREAKING GAY GUY. AHHHHHHHHG. THIS SUCKS.
A little Las Vegas Fire Rescue history: 100 years ago Firefighters were paid two dollars each for every fire they put out.
I guess I thought you could get there from the inside. Have fun!
Anybody got any funny or cool ideas about an Archie Comics video I should make. I like to edit the shit out of videos. Let me know :-)
Sometimes I fear I'm NOT emotional ENOUGH for you
Given up the ball to who? KG was covered, Peitrus didn't come to the ball and Pierce and Bass were sealed off.
Netflix really has me nailed: "violent viral plague sci-fi and fantasy" & "romantic gay & lesbian coming-of-age movies"
thank you for the follow Rosa!
Howard should be more worried about the Ms record the past few yrs and leave the arena deal to ppl who know what there doing
thanks for the follow! we played with plus/minus last fall.. was truly a treat! www.gossip-culture.com
Fun! Fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun! And I'm not even terribly familiar with The Avengers.
Turf Talk Tonight at the tree house lounge reno nv 555 E. 4th st. Be there
OMB! <- Only beliebers until the day a directioner comes and says: OM1D!!
get it girl! can't wait to visit you at work!
get the fuck off my TL then
wuts good wit ya life u skell
m, tots! I am about to rock some kick-ass falafel, hummus & grilled corn. Next: Linda Lavin!!!!
I'm pretty sure there is news happening at NYSE. You should cover it. Maybe if it were in Egypt?
Love those crazy girls.
Congrats. That's quite an honor.
Ce n’est pas à un vieux singe qu’on apprend à faire la grimace. (There’s no substitute for the wisdom of experience.)
have a blast w/ #BUS7 - sorry to miss it, but still in italia!
49ers vs Patriots....
i love she has so many followers and she follows back ;)
Are You Creeping ?(:
Leftover Chinese > any other leftovers
So hard. Narry is EVERYTHING!
Getting my Friday AM medicine... Aka caffeine...
#Denver! Want to see our new short film "Cut '83!"? It's screening 9/9 at Denver Film Center & 9/24 at Oriental Theater!
Insomnia+cigarettes+ =inspiration for a new poem
I'm beautiful in my way, cause God makes no mistakes. I'm on the right track baby I was born this way! Come on Tuesday
Heading to the #contraband premier tonight at . Boom!
Greater #ROC Health Foundation information session in T-minus 2 hrs.
Google Organically - twitter.com/expert
Press conference.
Did Perry just say "breasticles?"
#IUBB we're pulling for you in
RT : "Bikers" wear chaps; "cyclists" wear lycra
If you're in the mood for Bloody Marys today, check out Zapatista in the South Loop and Lincoln Park - $5 BM's with Coronita Black. Salud!
am going to a bbq with my family for mothers day you ? :)
The fast lane is working out really well
Check out sometime. Excellent band.
Mentally I try to stay at a medium level, not too high or too low. ~ Todd Zeile
Filming a video newscaster style
right now my cat sounds like a pigeon o.o
i love love love you i saw you at t4 and you we're amazing!, you we're the best theree, please follow me.
Is it possible though? Watch the documentary called 'Food Inc', it'll make you think!
Please give me a reason to break out the bedazzled neck brace!
QUICK to catch feelings, and SLOW to loose interestt !
Ok.. Kim k. Please stop taking off your clothes... You need some Jenny Craig baby..
that's what's up
hahaha that guy is great!!!
With on our way to kittery to see nic for the day #girltime .. hopefully acquiring a tan & some new clothes
Congratulations to Antonia Grilikhes-Lasky, Audience Choice Winner : Brooklyn Brooklyn Arts Council. We are proud to sponsor the award
I've been on a good streak of no road rage until tonight. FUCK.
me to! I Love Ariana!!
.... countdown to the unveiling
Northeast Conference
Pantera's is by far the best pizza out there.
I stay out of it
Spotted: Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber hit the Los Cabos, Mexico beaches for a little vacation, Saturday morning (January 7)
sounds like a good idea to me
We want to quote you in our next newsletter for #milkshakemadness - whats your Google Places profile link?
3-0 LaSalle after a defensive miscommunication by Prep
oh well lol (:
Love playing #wingman but she left and I'm sitting here waiting. I refuse to walk anymore!
27 Revisions left, from 8 students.
thanks for following Packrads! We track every single #online #social and #mobile call-to-action each in-home globally!
RT!! Management has specially allowed us to begin TODAY! Until Saturday, Oct 1st! Way to celebrate Fashion Week! Just for you TikiDolls (:
We turning up tonight..what yall doing?
your are such an inspiration and i love your voice<3
Good luck to you y felicidades! RT : RT #mcawards underway!! good luck
#The Voice can't believe she sent Jesse home or shit! Jesse you are going to make it. You only fail when you quit!
Thanks for following my blog on Twitter.
Much better. Now I can play all the videos and soundtracks perfectly. I will listen to all. Ed
You know it am putting it down bombers. Heck yes
Heey its Rachel! (:
Took the boy for 1st swim. No tears at all. I call that a win.
I thought Jermaine was gonna say 'Jerry McGuire - my ambassador of quan ... '
Are you still on standby? It's like 9pm there....
loved his site. learned a lot esp the queueing theory
I seriously dont know any girl with more clothes than I have.....
Dr. Breiman is fantastic. Enjoy your time in Kenya!
your getting me so excited bout the new SFU. Rob and Ben on guitar. Shesh!!! Gonna kill man!
your boy brek is doing so good.
I wanna wish all the women on Twitter a happy mothers day. Yall have the hardest job in the world
Great, I drew a 12th and 16th seed.
God guide me through this journey of difficult times bcuz I know u will never give up on your own child!
that was the #1 trending topic, and my guess is many are single bc they spend their time using stupid hashtags like that! haha
if your an artist listen up: is an awesome way to promote your shows in Los Angeles!
No matter what has happened today, stay on track. Remember your goals. Don't let anything shake your focus!! You are worth it!
Glad U got the joke LOL
the one where they got shot by the mexicans ?
It's National Donate Life Month! Become a organ donor and help make a difference for 113,703 waiting for a second chance.
LBJ stop your flopping your better then that.
Have fun!
thanks for the heads up. I apologize for the spam.
Well, you're not following me. ;-)
IMO, they do not. But I am old-fashioned. My daughter was reading ebooks in school in 1st grade (last year) and loved it.
nice article.
Best party in Vegas tonight, baby! Tropicana- 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard
anybody that calls right now then i might go do a tiny chat for a bit
legit for sure.
Good and u
Straight outta LoCash
Wow. Can't believe he said that. Sad that some ppl still think that way.
Start your day off with one of our 50 yummy egg dishes, grilled red potatoes, & fresh baked scone (with raspberry freezer jam)!
Freshman year: Fun! :) Sophomore year: Great! :) Junior year: wtf happend -__- Senior year: COME ALREADY!!
Cool, looking forward to it! If you guys need any press, let me know, I can post in on my site!
" Q: What does the "science" in "library & information science" mean? How would you define it?" | Applying method to the madness.
Let's go, let's go go! Let's go, let's go go GO!.
Jon from Oklahoma says Zug Zug...
Karigon Elementary School teacher Byran Sawyer vies for top spot on &quot;Live with Kelly&quot; TV show
dont be like that man you lost to a good team it's not shucks fault I understand him but should have used secondary
I'm a believer in supporting the artists you love rather than stealing from them because it's easy. Every day should be
Does anyone have the lyrics to the choir auditions???
Ikr ..I'm in the lab now finishing up some writing on a record.
Hey wind do us a favor...take the moths with you!
much appreciated - hope you're well
There are at least twice as many folks at #thatcampsf this year, different dynamic...excited.
I need help with adsense.... how that shit works and how am I suppose to add ads to my videos? thoughts???
What is your biggest Internet marketing challenge? DM your questions and I'll create a YouTube video answer for the most popular question.
haha i sai d ignore that!
Only in Wisconsin can you get sunburn and frostbite in the same week
let me know whenever you want to come by and grab them. each pass admits two to the screening.
Looking good :3
Kmsl RT : Some of y'all females make up have y'all lookin dead as hell.
I just followed...waiting on my 3+ haha !! Thanks for reaching out - help us grow too !!
Super uber Excited to begin filming a lead role in the full length feature - "Canon".
Fixing up UI for #webservius - CSS idiosyncrasies, browser incompatibilities... would be so much easier on #Silverlight :)
You speak my heart.
just sharpy tiny bikini on yr nips and yr good!
thanks for listening Dave!!
It's 's birthday? I thought he died in the bus explosion.
Belgian tripel on the boil. Good to be brewing!
Klaatu says RELAX.
then kick butt now!!
and I want you to always know that you are the only woman, other than my daughter and mom, that I could every love this much
Gotta find me something similar to what you got.
On my way to marfa texas!
nah bruhhh.. you'll be missing my cute face
You have heard that happiness comes from within so why do you spend most of your time looking outside? Within...acceptance no understanding!
Wow, today I twet some criticisms of our glorious president and saw a NET GAIN of one follower. Things are turning around for America.
Feels like this draft is FLYING. Kind of surprised Jets go with Coples & his work effort concerns, but we know not to be surprised by Rex...
Yall to MFs just gave me a hell of a laugh..
#mtvnews #mtv Excited to be going to my first award show tonight - MTV Movie Awards
Can't a girl get a break already! F! Another M!
Decals in production... we'll be ready with more!
For all of my friends hooked on keek! Do any of y'all have one?
thanks for the retweet!
Scratch that, sun is somewhere behind this of gray and light rain. Stop playing hide and seek and show yourself at #SXSW!
"And we're just the guys to do it!!"
Ty for signing up! Enjoy your dinner!
recommend you read the graphic novels. Shit is wild and 10x better then the show.
any update on Persa's health?
Enjoy the peace of mind that comes from a good Reno property manager taking care of your Reno Apartments.
Feet hurt, ankles hurt... EVERYTHING HURT!!!
ha! That's from a song.
Today was good including class!
Busiest men find the most time. 忙しい人ほどより多くの時間を見つける。
Not seeing it, but I am on my iPhone. Will check it on my computer later!
Travel scenes, pt. I: National airport, 11:30 am Brewpub full of people drinking beer. Tempted to ask if any Christians. Refrain.
Its a great time and a great cause. Thank you in advance for supporting the Tigers Foundation! :)
those days when everything from your head to your toes hurts <<<<<<<
Search "Trayvon Portland" on Twitter. Lots of great discussion and analysis. Glad Portland is showing solidarity.
Going to get a Christmas tree today!!
Follow Joe B! RT : We will have a story on the Winterhawks and Sven Bartschi tonight on KGW's Sports Sunday 11:35pm.
Your touch is driving me crazy!
Q1 #ITChat What technology do you need to make your office more efficient? | via
Listened to 96.9 Boston today and i'm losing confidence in humanity
I love that my tattoo artist knows exactly what I want!!! Yay #3 😃👍
Great music and nice dudes catch them on the rest of the Hood Slung tour!
Sponsors open discussion in House Ed on SB15, the ASSET bill that would set special tuition rates for undocumented students.
Damn I want that kiss SMH
Road Trip today, talk tonight...
My OFFICIAL 8,000th tweet is dedicated to !!!!! LOVE YOU!!!! <3
blast from the past!
I faintly remember breathing on your bedroom floor. Where I Iaid and told you, but you sweared you loved me more.
Lol, why you think I don't care?
“: That is a tune. And Mary is smashing that smooth as hell hook.” thanks dude
i wish karilyn would stop talking about alice cooper. i could not care less.
I'm very tired and my left wrist hurts really bad
- Anyone know the RETIREMENT AGE for Poplar Bluff School District????!
still believe that Fakers bench is nothing but flukes!
pretty much
will do :)
Getting better. Should have vision by 4th of July. Thanks for asking
I think it's HILARIOUS how people make hate accounts for someone. I mean seriously do u have nothing better 2 do so you make a hate account?
so true
yes it could!
We do one thing...
Thanks for the #FF. Happy Friday! RT :
ill be runnin extra long after last night
Stupid girl ruins everything.
sorry I was at a meeting and it's just like who she is and how she's changed.
Lol yeah i kinda was wrong.. sorry, next week will be just as good though
If drumsticks are for playing drums, are breadsticks for playing bread?
Thanks Wells Fargo Bank for denying most credit card charges the past 5 months. "Together We'll Go Far"? Maybe "Better Not Go Too Far!"
Hope everyone is having a good day*.
idk just wanted you to make sure that's what you want cus thats a big step
Take a moment tonight to reflect on what matters most to U & then focus your life around what U believe is most important & worth pursuing.
The secret to a good chinese place is a Color or Animal in the name. Golden wok, Green Dragon(Xtra good), Green Bo.
'Captain America' was a really good film and did not disappoint.
um rude!! You have no room to talk since you kept ditching!!!
tomorrow is my last day of high school.... ah, so weird. time flies.
starting to think there are two separate conversations: representation of dig surrogates v collection presentation
I sound like a frog
NM DOE Oversight Bureau chief unsure how many barrels of WIPP-bound low-level #LANL rad waste are at Area W, ~2 miles from fire
Evan Turner's voice sounds like Walt Jr.
Any recommendations for a good book publicist?
Listening to. TI this am....makes me remember I'm so A T L
good things are happening!!
Rooting for the Lakers
supernatural marathon continues...
Success is a ladder that cannot be climbed with your hands in your pocket
People are so not loyal
which part u comin to?
lol they make you want to get out of the bus or move seats >_<
Denver, 5 days away from my baby girl..... Rough!
Lovely! And so true, especially for a (yawn) Monday morning. Thanks for the mention!
I am turning into a bitch, a bitch that is failing half of her college classes. The tables have officially turned from high school.#college?
Make a Referral Monday - For powerful e-mail marketing with great ROI for your business go to:
Planning things for the weekend.
Let's get those #FF goin!
New York. But thats just mine. They are in my friends Asks calling me an asshole.
Your really trying to start something with me today. Haha your a fucking joke. Today is not the day so #fuckoff #bitch .
#happybirthday to our amazing fan !!! <3
yeah right you just want me to stop tanning so you can be tanner than me. Your mind games wont work here peej
Finally saw Haywire last nite. Really enjoyed it, great job by Soderbergh and Gina Carano rocks as a kick-ass super soldier.
#Madmen? Oh, was there are program on too? All I saw was a litany of ads, with some unriveting stuff in-between.
Congrats & ! Good luck & thanks for all the help over the years. I'll be looking for Allen to speak in Denver.
OK--except it's got to be a Panama. Visors and I don't work well together. :)
I want to! So hopefully yes
Busy sending out 2012 Markeitng plans for #golfcourses & #golfclubs, if you run a course and are interested contact me (989)858-0652!
#Tweagles Alum! RT : S/O to for getting some love on the today
Starting today & going all week- is donating 10% of sales to keep your classes tax free. Get or add on to your membership today!
Made me smile. lol
Blondes don't like other blondes. Fact.
Just voted for the merge:)
Putting area golf courses into my Outlook to sync with my phone so I have their numbers in the field.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
i hope you guys are having so much fun !!! <3
Chilling with Cara, Averi, Brandon, Rylee and girl who has phone babies. :) good day(:
Phil Simms says it's unusual that you're not on your back. Anything you'd like to let us know?
check your listing for Sennheiser HD 280 headphones. The lowest price link is the wrong model and I am seriously disappointed! : (
Meeting at 5:30 that i'm totally ready for! You say you need a blogger/social networking expert? Yeah, I got that ;)
I'm hungry
let us know if you need help Bob, we are happy to do it!
Justin Bieber on tmz. ~Le gets excited.
I got a bitch who spanglish , she keep her bangles danglin and da cocaine is right up in her anus !
Presenting this morning with the CIO of Portland State about Prioritizing Projects through IT Governance - 8:30 in Broadway IV
Thanks for the S/O homie...hope to work with you soon :)
When people say YOLO...do you honestly think you live twice? stupid ass
I can't wait to be 21. Broad Ripple every weekend!
I've been told I bear an uncanny resemblance to Matt Damon. If he had Down's Syndrome that is
Sorry I won't be at #4c12 to see your panel, would love to read/hear the prez's, great trailer!
you never know what the next person is going thru
Wedding day be damned, THIS is the happiest day of my life!!!!!!!
Thanks to Monster Prof for the shout out for #PopSouth!
Love putting 'Fringe' style real-world titles in every video project I can.
Coach Warren and the Men are in the ASUN Tourney as the 8th seed! #fearthefin. Let's Go!!! Play belmont on wednesday!!!
congrats on ur performance on dwts. It was awesome!
Had to drive up to Lake Forest & back in rush hour traffic. Ugh.
could u please stop secdeucing, and hypnotizing me with your funbags? There making my eye twitch. #2brokemartha ;-(
None, but people of strong passion are capable of rising to greatness. -Gabriel Riqueti Mirabeau
use it as you see fit...
Gotta be honest - that Paul Ryan meme going around makes me puke in my mouth a little bit.
So the gf and I are going to Hawaii in June and guess who's playing? Expect a little easy coast love in paradise.
It's news now because of the increasing hyper-sensitivity in our culture.
TY! It's a blessing & a curse, as they say. LOL In the long run, more a blessing, my mom gets pegged 4 my sister all the time!
I just finished watching #TheVoice. My crush on Tony Lucca has been reawakened & DAMN! The battle between Jesse & Anthony was EPIC!!!
HEY BABE WHATS UP???
CO Senate State Affairs Comm getting detailed explanation of proposed changes to early literacy bill.
Following jakewolf on instagram is about as close as i will ever get. Hes absolutely AMAZING.
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There. Being A Mom Is The Hardest Responsibility On Earth. Today's Your Day!
Everybody needs to #FOLLOW ! She's super cool and has great tweets! (:
Thanks :) went very well! nice!
thats awesome! We won't stop being epic if you won't! 😄
Hey Arlene! so great to connect
Dallas PD is chasing car rolling just on rims through Dallas on I-30
We're looking forward to it!
We are like an unborn baby. Wicked anticipation for 9 months and then bam. We turn your world upside down in July.
Using dogs, Alamogordo narcotics agents uncovered a large ball of heroin, and several smaller pieces, in George Nevares' house and vehicles.
Art is the most intense mode of invidualism that the world has known. - Oscar Wilde
that bottle hook is solid. nice find
what is the best messaging phone these days for a texting teenager?
okay :D
Im to sexy for my shirt
I don't understand why you're trying to make conversation prior to 10 am. Its not okay.
Hahaha! Great to see you Saturday :)
I must be really uptight....
“Silence is so accurate.” ― Mark Rothko
My birthdate and my favorite Dutch painter.
Happy Heart Day! We love our Congenital Heart Defect children and ALL our miracle kids! Hope you have a happy & healthy Valentine's Day! <3
big time rush just did a dance with hats... Nowhere near as good as our Hat Trick.
The Nick Young Experience!
I not know :S
sounds fantastic! Im sitting in stopped traffic on the way to
"but really mrs. lincoln, besides that, what did you think of the play?"
psyched for 's last class at tonight
What Do Interviewers Notice First About You? - U.S. News &amp; World Report
I'm astonished charges $99 to install internet in an apartment that had cable already. By "astonished," I mean "pissed."
He wants to send me a screen saver. I wonder what that's going to be about
Have you joined our mobile club? Free gifts are on your way text SUNSET to 55800.
Filming a music video tonight with MoeJoRising. Show tomorrow night at the Rock Room in #PolishHill..its #30Realm innit
So dudes window wouldnt roll up.. so he opend an umbrella and pushed it through! Imagination at its finest lmao!!
yes, I'm pretty convinced you have a virus.
thanks for the retweet from a true Lions fan
Polling place change go to: ://vpa.wi.gov/VoterSearchScreen.aspx Fill out info, click on name, and scroll down to lower right.
The remix is my fav. version of that song. Have a great weekend, chica! :)
Anyone need a #Coachella ticket? A friend is selling one for the second weekend - get at me.
I don't care what someone has to say bout me, but it's another thing when I was actually a friend to them
.. when train stood for an hour to the end and see the man, in his mountain of an engine, dark hissing living steel, bandana on head ...
Thank you. :)
A Look at the 3 Stages of Degenerative Disc Disease
: Thanks for the shout out!
If I don't laugh, I'll cry! :)
#BieberOnTLC go watch it on the t.v.! Ah! Right noww!(:
he didn't leave a giant impression, but I didn't dislike. Theyre most likely doing Winter Soldier, huh?
Great, another jersey shouldn't be buying at this point in his life
Yes! Agree. V. Challenging to get strangers to talk amongst themselves.
- bra you do Tatz ?
#Breastfeeding uses an extra 300-500 calories every day!
I'm living the lack of #Denver house inventory! Today, we were scheduled to see 4 new listings... 3 are now under contract!
Keep your head up
LEVEL UP! Guts +2 Heart +3 Smarts +1 Will +1 Glow +500 : Finding a lite brite in the garage score!
get err
#thingsteacherssay don't pack up there's still a minute left! Ooh ya cause the two words I can right done in a minutes matters! shutup!!
Come out tonight to urban heat in mesa. Live performances by n more!
The power to endure comes from everlasting strength.
Sounds good, We're planning a trip to NC to visit 's parents in early Sept. When do you get back?
whhhhaaat?! you so crazy!
♪And With A Tear In My Eye Give Me The Sweetest Goodbye That I Ever Did Recieve♪ ~
add Whole Foods to the parking lot death trap list
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway.
I like people who lie. Lol, not. I ALWAYS know.
saw the two greatest people ever tonight <3
Happy Hour at Buddha-Bar until 7! $5 select cocktails, appetizers and sushi. Do it, do, do it!
Love Monday's notices of weekend sales. Thanks to our awesome fans & customers, we truly appreciate your support this holiday season!
I dislike this high ass gas!
Cheers to the weekend btw
Creating a Mother's day tribute video for my mama <3
My books are here! You can order at jennifershaw(dot)com. I'm so excited!!
Good luck!
It's telling that all the audience comments are indeed comments and not questions.
because your high! “: food > functions. lol”
I got them off VIP nation there was 4 left when I did and I bought two so it depends on what ones you want most are sold out
Told you wouldnt win the competition, Lets call it even! since you won the game!
it's not what it's all cracked out 2 b kinda boring if u ask me
yea, i wish they stop the mj/lbj comparison
I hate waking up from a dream that I can't remember, but can't help feeling was somehow important. it's very unnerving.
enjoy your red ring to rule them all
Wow -.- lolss i love dancing along with Your bg ^.^
RT : Woo Hoo! It's Friday and is in the Yoo Hoo room at Flapper's comedy in Burbank tonight at 930!...
So true! RT You have to see the fountains at the Bellagio they are beautiful to watch!!
Not too shabby!
Or at least hire a professional for ur colour. Rt or better yet... Get your DAMN roots done!!!
I will write a report called "Cat Rules/Training" -- do you think it will go out as a gift?
Breakfast with the Hipsters again and more work on the StoryForge app. Looks nice on my Ipad 3.
I know something bouta happen
Reading the staff report on AT&T/T-Mo from - best example of "expert agency" work I've seen in years. Great work.
I have the "Sexy Blue Eyes" Palette and the "Mysterious Brown Eyes" Palatte.. they usually have these on sale & coupons
Well this is just peachy..~_~
Dance party took a turn for the worse upon hearing "Tonight I should have stayed at home / Playing with my pleasure zone". Ew.
Gettin ready to party with my favorites of the summer<3
Keeping my fingers crossed that we are done with the hurls, trots, hunger strike, & anal gland explosion pet fun. Been great, but I'm done.
Haha this is true, the cookies could have been a little bit warmer/softer/gooey-er buuttt i'm not complaining for $1.75 :)
Getting proposal together for FETC.
oh ok yu gettin mad at me
thanx eris! I'm glad you enjoyed it! did you download it? :D keep on spreading the word! I'm gonna try out next season!
na. Single life when I leave the country. LOL
So excited! RT : Best news ever: is coming to Uptown.
WHITE HOT HEAT!!!
#SheWantsSexIf she just boldly unzips your pants & starts sucking your dick! Then again maybe she just likes sucking your dick. ¯\_(?)_/¯
": Looking at your smile is also a source of happiness for me."
oh okay well yes definitely let me know mine on the 12th we can go all out!!!!!!
you must have google handy to pull that name out!
Yea some sort of hybrid will be born there for sure. I'm excited for that will definitely be interesting.
pinterset is cool and all, but you cant custom the way your boards look at all. super annoying.
good morning Austin! Hope you have a great day!(:
how did it feel to stand in front of that hippo?
QualityNM is hosting "Learn & Breakfast" on October 7 at Embassy Suites. Register at www.qualitynewmexico.org.
longG day..but hey im stll here wit my fam so im grateful..Thank U God
It's not too late to take advantage of the 40% discount for our upcoming Foundation Class - which begins TONIGHT! Email .
she has been duly warned and taught to filter on her own.
Thanks Let's grab coffee when you have a chance.
never could beat me
girl: Take off the condom. boy: Why? girl: YOLO! boy: If you get pregnant YOYO! girl: What? boy: (You on your own!)”
shit bored in class
Ppl don't use their imaginations enough anymore. Great episode~
"he's so cute, but he's not cute" what
Kay, just leave me here with your friends..
Not only am I not engaged, I don't even have a boyfriend. -__- someone shall pay for this prank
LOL SURE! Bring them on!
It seems like it would have been better to save our Ace for AZ instead of Wolf who's claim to fame is being friends wit CC.
#idol - Jessica is so comfortable on stage. Yet another great performance. She is the one to beat, for sure.
A quote that inspires us to work hard n realise the value of time.Every drop of sweat at young age will reduce ten drops of tears in old age
id shut you down though
why limit happiness to one hour? coffee happy hour is from 3 to 6! all coffee drinks are half off
love u too boo! Gotta look out for da hometeam!
can u DM ME BACK I LOOVE U <3
You should skype with this Friday! It's her birthday and that would be an amazing present :D
Happy Early Birthday ! (: #havethebestbdayever ! ;D
Lets Go Montero!
Sad movie over yes but it was a good movie at the same time! Sad but good! :):(
The weather is so perfect but I'm much too tired to take notice.
I know
What's good bro...
"Okay" if you say so.
I thought people in #ATX were wussie about the weather. It's raining hard in SF, and the city is in state of emergency...
~ Good idea! I never thought of that.
Last but not least, congrats to Flower on tying Barrasso in shutouts and wins! So many great things happened this season.
Left home for school again
apparently. Lol craziness!
A lil birdie told us u were looking 4 us.Pls spread the word&tune in2 WSOC TV 2nite at 5 p.m. for 's story
": she will never be wifey material!! EVER!" maybe not 4 u but I find that hard to believe just my thoughts tho
* name correction from earlier tweet--- Sergio Rayon --- We apologize for the error
I'll pass on that one.
Netflix must go forward, not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, toward freedom.
Dog walkers needed! Stop in and apply today!! :)
I wish you were better so things could go as planned! #callmemaybe?
How to admire and not envy, this is the rub.
So happy for Viola Davis and the cast of the Help! Great film!
Who dares to teach must never cease to learn. ~John Cotton Dana
New hashtag for me:
she said her jaw hurts so i expected that her knee's did too
guys if you need followers tweet me so i can help. :)
Friday! Friday! Friday! Friday!.. Sorry, that is all I got for today.
Organisms are prepared for the digital world--they ave been doing it for 3 mill years.
+1 RT : I get asked often: "what is the single most important trait for a person who wants to work at a startup to have?" Curiosity.
I rewatched Iron Man again last night, still one in my top 10 favorite movies. :D
Reminds me of Ricky Jackson. How about lil ricky.Looks like a linebacker dog.
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
I met Eminem once He was pretty awkward. His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy, there was vomit on his shirt, mom's spaghetti.
“The best political, social, and spiritual work we can do is to withdraw the projection of our shadow onto others.” ― C.G. Jung
There is nothing better than spending time with family. Safe travels & I'll see you next month :)
Liam Flynn or James Joyce
Back home in #MKE . It is a 75 degree temperature swing.
Ubisoft press conference is more insufferable w/o Joel McHale
#ThingsICantStand r when people r world 2 me vent 2 me n they have 2 have that sad period of time n I can't b there to confert them :(
My Documents of Contemporary Arts books came today! The Cinematic and The Archive.
#Yolo = You Only LIve Once *
am weirded out by the white upper class type people "dancing" at alterra to lcd soundsystem and the talking heads.
RT me please so my data base can grow
This is the one and only time that I am going to thank my cousin for playing video games.<333333(:
What about in-app alerts?
I'll be at the event and can't wait to see you ladies!
Who wants a free massage, health screening, cooking demo, red make-up touch-ups and more? Visit the Go Red Health Expo at Macy's...
Get to it mister. I pre-ordered mine!
Have you laughed yet today? This is one of YouTube's most viewed clips..funny!
My hero too good for him for speaking out i belive in karma and those bullies will get there's in the end
Closed for some big catering jobs this weekend. We'll see y'all Monday!
wow, my last show was today.
I don't like sittin with my legs crossed, it makes me feel like a girl.
Ps3 By Myself On A Friday Night WoW Ima Loser): Hmu?
Prince did do some of his best work with mayte I do agree
yo, in front of the law school, but I can come meet ya wherever
Spain? Uh.....drink the wine.
SO DO I AND I WANT TO C BO&HOPE TODAY ALSO
okay what time?
it is good!
No problem, boss. Anytime. Let me know when you wanna get crackin' on those bullpen shirts. Got a few ideas in the works.
Ok, the idea of a "butthurt notice" has me laughing uncontrollably!
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education. ~Mark Twain
Was playing 200/400 mix at bellagio. everyone took a dinner break... which brings me to Krung Siam Thai restaurant! :)
Send to West Allis please! We have a bar crawl of 20!
preach it baby.
Tried to dm---app wasn't having it. Be great to meet up, put face to a name. You still around?
Truth is fools done let the game get pass skills, money don't make you raw,practice does. I practice what I preach so that makes me perfect.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ The sure conviction that we could if we wanted to is the reason so many good minds are idle.
OKC Just Blocked Lakers Like 4 Times In A Row
Let's go
Marketers: "exclusive webinar" is an oxymoron.
And it was money well spent! RT : Richard Garriott: 50,000 people paid $5 to beta test Ultima Online in 1997
Oh my goodness! Oh my goodness! 9 MORE to Go before someone gets a FREE iPOD!! :)
Thanks. Can't DM you till you follow me though.
We have 300-400 people. Sponsors get their logo on our websites, emails, & slides at the event. Hope you can make it!!
Had fun today... With my sister and son. Im a proud Mother!!
Olivet's fries >>>>
We use that regularly for salad dressing. Vinegar, EVOO, salt, pepper & a little dijon mustard.
been challenged to a Droid vs. IPhone duel by an 8th grader to see what phone is the best. Droid users what tricks should I use to win?
wow you werent kidding when you said america had little interest in you guys. just saw the vid when you all were in vegas :/
Loosing is not for champions as success is not for desire alone.
Submarine. Bob's Burgers. Uncle Boonmee...
Pandora is picking really well today -- I've had it choose all sorts of songs I forgot I liked!
#Norway at #CPD2012 : we need to protect and promote human rights including sexual and reproductive rights.
DJ entertainment for all events! All types of music specializing in house music and latin. All genres available.
Things are better now no worries (:
Off to Seattle soon, all by myself :/..it's worth it to go see and the rest of OF.
i love reading your tweets(:
I'm so mad I have school tomorrow -_-
i'm glad to know that Bridgewright was an actual profession that you could be in the 1830s.
it was pretty funny but some stuff was so fake XD
thanks for the add A
either way, i think what you all do is important. keep it up.
Don't think about it be about it
great, and yourself? :)
Wish you were here.
So many $ figures being thrown around promiscuously. somewhere a Republican felt a shiver down their spine. Newt I'm looking at you
Promote your Business with Zbynet Media Network. Coming soon.
ha! I enjoy a good rainbow! A double rainbow?
I have all #Ravens fantasy players, but I want the #Chargers to win
Wilhelm notes that Seniors are the most talented and most optimistic Americans - we need them online
Our Christmas sale is extended through this whole week! Excluding Monday and Tuesday when we're closed. Through July 31st! Christmas in July
Bachelorette tonight, much needed girl time!
launched plan to end vet homelessness by 2015 in 28 cities & rural communities by raising awareness of svcs available vets.
Have I done any of my homework this break? Nope. Do I plan to? Nope.
sometimes you gotta do things fa yoself, and say fuck everybody else
~Time off for good behavior?
thanks for all the support! <3
♥♥♥ oh yea i got the heart power noww ♥♥♥
I am great, thanks. Lots of happiness. How about you? Update me! “: love you!! How are you?”
was off my phone for a few minutes then saw your instagram post!:(( Please follow Me back on instagram it's: meganfoye
Pretty much anything made by Specialized is a good bet when it comes to bike components.
Linked my students final projects on my website. Excited that I could link kmz files.
looks like the Tolbert Mathews start was a bad idea.
When you have wait for something to happen, forget about it in an instant and take action on something to build your business.
he got the takedown, but Hendricks clearly did the most damage in the stand up. I'm not upset over the decision.
Even at your worst, I will still choose to believe the best in you.
thanks bud...I appreciate it. lol
where you at girl!?
Have you considered drinking? I hear that's popular in New Orleans.
there's a big cardinal hunt in Louisville this weekend.
CONTEST ALERT! The 200th person to like our page gets a #FREE copy of "Children's Songs for #Therapy"!!!”
{OPPORTUNITY} Alright all my lovely people!!! I need to know.... Who would like an opportunity to become an affiliate for my products...
Dear whoever signed up on my mailing list as "Crackow Stinkybits," Thank you. :) :)
I don't care what anyone says...Lesnar legit busted Cena in the mouth, was not an accident.
What the mind forgets the heart remembers"
RT I have the most amazing husband in the world! Love nights like tonight! Muah world! Sweet dreams!!
Headed to Denver on Friday for Among Friends Conference. Hope to see Denver Twitter friends there!
deadline is not until September.
thanks man. Good to meet you.
Margs and laying out with Mama Jen!
love that song!!!!
hope we can reconnect next week when we are in NYC.
I flipped my cig out of my hands :(
-Picks You Up-
Hearts for the Mets!!!! Keep it up boys!!!!
try to live in big city like NYC where people still live in 50 square feet apt. Find a vol. can be daily challenges
Just Dance :-)
Glad we didn't violate either of those!
No snow here! Come home!
Awesome #collcons event tonight. Thanks , , , , , — so inspired!
: Thanks for the RT Kyle. With our great SD weather, everyone should be outside playing! Have a good day!
thank you
Done and Done
On my way to Sports Club again at Crowne Plaza. BUR, I'm still smiling:). Going to my other hotel today. Quite the adventure here in NY.
Miss universe swimsuit contest
I knew I should have went to Mercy
Keep us posted on the overhaul. We're looking forward to seeing your new site! Have a beautiful day!!
I HATE
So cold outside today! Of course #Texas weather is far from the coldest but still - it's perfect for
camp still standing in Bruin Plaza. Activists doing great job with media!
Mayor discuss plans to bury I-5. I say let's use tolling to make this happen. I also believe we could simply remove it without burying it.
We just joined fellow #Seattle Dem LDs in support of no net losses of low-income housing at Yeslar Terrace.
Thought Leaders in Cloud Computing: Pradeep Rathinam, CEO of ...
I'm a pro at procastinating!
Don't start something you cant finish.
Action learning from hearing her pitch for engagement strategy.
I'll walk away from a situation before entertaining
if something actually did happen between us. what would stop him from cheating on me with someone else, you know?
I love teenage girls
They do around here
guess not. Have a great day at B1G T&F Championships, got beautiful weather for it.
Seriously, it's fantastic.
Save water.......drink beer!
Dead Hearts screening.
Long live Princess Cate, 20% off English teas to celebrate!
yep. Give me a sec
ours are next weekend! (not this one obviously since mothers day) lol ! and umm im not sure! hopefully (: !
followed:D
hey can yue follow me plzz
I hate looking at uncommented, unclear code. I keep thinking "wtf is going on here?"
Whipped them off when I read this! RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
sory my iPod is being gay:/
Aight, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, Kevin Garnett, Shaq, Rondo, Rasheed Wallace, Sam Cassell, Nate Robinson
I feel like is my sister
Ah - see, I think the better written YA novels I've enjoyed don't focus as much (if at all) on that aspect!
Was able to snag a couple of tickets for #sundance tomorrow! I live in SLC and it would be criminal not to spend some time there right?
LOL. I don't know yet. 70/30 against. I'll be running at least 7 hours this weekend, I'm sure.
last exam tmrw at 9am: Political Theory. home on thursday.
haha she really is !just makin sure you saw her view on
I'm sure I read that somewhere.
Neuroscientists are still learning when NOT to apply optogenetics-based strategies in circuit manipulation. Be question-driven.
I hope you find what your looking for cause later on down the road baby I might not be there waiting for you anymore.
. suggests taking #CFB out of academia to make a minor league.
come and see us soon then! :)
This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. Elbert Hubbard
#BOYFRIEND is on the radio!! Thanks to <33
thanks guys, will check it out :)
Just closed lined a bitch who tried stealing a mcchicken
I think I already do
Riffing on epic battle ideas today, my kids came up with Hydra vs. Barbie. Barbie would win, say girls. Why? "She has high heels." (duh)
thanks so much!
don't get mad at me, should of told the bus monitor that shit when she was talking that shit to you! 😭😂😭😂😭😂
These guys and their gay Twitter pranks.
I think he got tripped up by his own man.
yeah the on the go advantages of mbox&laptop, I used2 travel tutor and travel studio all the time, can charge more if u go to them
Thanks for the RT ! Have a cubby day!
Its so much that I ain't experienced...smds
UK to ban displays of cigarettes, tobacco in shops: All shops in England will be banned from openly displaying
2012 gaga's year... Gaga will be releasing a new album. Madonna won't be releasing a new album. How is it madonna's year too? No offense...
Mom: ok, I'm going to bed. Me: ok, let me change the sheets Mom: why? Have u been having sex in them?
Not an official deadline, but a self-imposed one. Trying to finish YA revision before SCBWI conf in late February!
...and don't forget the joker!
Oh how blessed I am!!
i really love this song :)
Another Rock station dies so News/Talk may live on FM: Cox's WHTQ (96 Rock)/Orlando is the latest, as WDBO goes to an AM/FM simulcast.
Approved to go to #tla in April! *happy dance*
Gotcha. How can I send them to you because I'm heading to school now? I have a few panorama shots, but none with the grass.
Got my Holga today. Watch out for mad snapper.
Obama certainly had fun hanging out with the 1 percent last night raking in millions
Up before the sun to celebrate the Son! Happy Easter everyone!
(follow me, I'll follow back)
please don't feel that way. Your posts meant a lot to me, and I am sure to others.
So cool!
I'm amazed at how our #fowd speakers can be powerful without being hokey or treacly. We have a "no treacle" policy.
i have your personal number lmfaoooo xD
Don't you just love it when you find the opposite sex lookalike of someone you know? Haha
What a crazy, busy day of photo-snapping! I had so much fun with everyone and can't wait to get all your pics done...
Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev reached out across the stage and shook hands #nobel summit 2012
I've got to make an appearance @ a retirement party, but then I'm in
I automatically delete all emails that start "Dear the librarian"
If you text a girl (who literally has zero feelings for you) just a number trying to imply something, chances are
Stay tuned!! xx
nothing better than kids. Especially when they are consciously showing you that they love you! It means you did something right!
have to get out of here and enjoy a little life today hope you can do the same!
Don't Forget
My Fingers Are Al Sticky XD
Coming up shortly Dr. Jill Ricke on on !!! Stay tuned!!!
RT : Keep Main Street alive: Shop #Downtown, Support #Independents, Support #Community. Keep Your Town Vibrant
LOL gay!! RT : miss you daddy!
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful we're fabulous.
Am busy writing in beats and clapping rhythms, as one often does when learning 20th-c music. "1-e-and-a-2-and-a...da-FOUR..."
Happy Veterans Day!
“: good luck! I'll keep my fingers crossed for yaa” thanks boo!! drinks soon!!
Hey Liam ! I LOVE You !!! -- Love your Surfer girl down here in Hawaii :)
Hey tweeps I'm selling 4 rangers tix in bleachers for 6-21 vs Astros face value is $15 each. Anybody interested? please retweet!!!
Fantastic dinner tonight Great to see you Thanks again and we'll be back soon Chef!
Fig & Olive crackers with quince spread.
TREE INFO- Don't forget to start culling fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms, scab, general developement
Vegas tweeps- I'm thinking of abandoning my cable service and geting satellite or another service. What do you use alternatively? Thanks!
The big takeaway from last night's splendid / concert in Toronto: 's parents are awesome.
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :))
Socks with sandals!!!!! One of my biggest pet peaves!!!! No time!
Don't you have pie?
Dog days are over.
All students of all colors (not just green$$$) deserve a better education! Children living in poverty need & deserve better!
greens , rice & neckbonez
David Hall, CEO of CMTA cmtausa.org: People with Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT across country should get involved in the fight www.cmtausa.org
THE CONVO'S ME AND IS HAVING RIGHT NOW ON SKYPE DOE >>>>>>
and open a can of marinara sauce and drink it with a straw while i put pea pods in between my feet :)
It's Beastie Boys all day in the cart today.
the beauty of a women must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Cant decide whether I want to stay natural or relax my hair. Im torn
I may have just gotten a new job for a new A&E series as a c47 wrangler.
“: We love Chicago's growing craft beer scene. If you can it, we'll carry it! We proudly carry Finch's Cut Throat,.
Man I wish I was riding with you today!
good luck gurl if you go to pro!!! Crazy b* tches jst do it for the win! Buh don't let it get tu yu!:)
#ADay was way too intense but now ready for some #HungerGames !!
oh I am awful! I've been writing some of my turns because my iPhone screen is too small to draw things like Bruce Lee haha
Martha : "..like Harry Potter." The Doctor : "Oh, wait till you read book seven. I cried."
KIT digital Introduces Integrated Multiscreen Entertainment Solution With IBM Smarter Commerce
out of the 2 on the court for KU if u cant get a shot off he has to go to bench
I told and he ran off to look it up. I'd like to hear I Wanna Dance with Somebody. Fleet Foxes has a cover of it out there.
"They shall know that I am the LORD their God,...that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God."~Exodus 29:46
On the circulator to #Georgetown with the dumbest group of tourons ever, they are going to Georgetown Cupcake of course.
oh u aint kno? I'm a Maintenance Man.. I'm about to be in LA fixing that plumbing
I was ready to ask Buck Showalter last night when he might make a move on Guerrero. The future HOF is on the bench tonight.
Hey SWEET CAROLINE!.... BUM BUM BUM!
Will Do!
I Had To Close The Curtain A Couple Niggas That's Why I Only Fuck With A Couple Niggas
i'll pay anyone to read this chapter in mythology for me
Another long pass | NU in red zone again | Sack ends third quarter |
To the Yankees with my Yankee-loving boys. I just want an exciting game, a good look at Nova -- & a steak sandwich.
Nine days of school left
Dim Sum with Aunt Julie and Sarah in Chinatown!
Only 6 two-bedroom homes remain at BLU!
have you seen any interesting startups in turbomachinery / manufacturing?
me: "just chasing the dream." you: "yeah, just chasing the dream?" me: "yeah." you: "yeah..."
that was my friend who wrote that to taylor swift. she doesn't have a twitter btw
Join The Tritonics at the East Town Market on Tuesday, July 26! You'll be treated to some reggae vibes!
I Wouldn't Either, I Would Love It If Was My Big Brother :)
LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark just a block from the zoo has an excellent lunch menu and a wonderful atmosphere. Check us out!
BOY AM I FULL!
Off to with #waitingforlefty !
how about fleury goes in goal for the #Pens #Sabres game! please!!!!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
I need you for the June Santo party.I have the hair and nails covered,need your skills for the outfit and makeup!
Use your smile to change this world. Don’t let this world change your smile.
wtf?! How.does that even happen? Weird. Miss you woman!
This will be the real est shit I ever rote free my brother bitch
": I really need Miami!!" Hm
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU AND HAPPY 16th!
omg how was it!!
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!! Share with your friends so they can "like" us too!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
whenever I see corgi, I think of you!
But, that doesn't mean that many people actually read those tweets. It's the *potential* audience size. 2/2
Waking up to ur parents screaming is annoyig af.
the greatest places in the known universe are actually here in KY! I'm sure it's scientifically proven! :-D
Cheese and Wine Pairing class tonight with Taste Cheeses at the Andaz Hotel. 6:30pm. Cheers!
They downstairs making pancakes. Watch who offer me one? Nobody lol
I wonder if any guy has even been jealous of my male friendships
Did 2 Chainz really say that on
When y'all tying the knot?
You only live once that's the motto baby #yolo 😃
YAY! SO happy to hear it!
My twitter skills are shitty
YES to magic! RT Oh that I could deliver RGB (aka magical hangover cure) to all of the people of the world.
"We need to be part of the conversation, we need to be part of the voice of America" - Nely Galan Latinos shouldn't marginalize themselves
Yes sirs! We expect lots of vintage-ey pictures of Dave topless while you guys are on the road. Holla!
TCGD... Perfect buying opportunity!!! Slap the ask!!!
#ThirstyThursdays right now !
Great day bouncing around Nob Hill and stumbling upon the Earth Day festivities with the wife & puppy
I don't think it was a coincidence!
When life hands u lemons... Squirt it somebody's eye. ☂
been playing indie games of late
Congratulations to on your #PerfectGame and your mention!
Thats what i like to hear, get it done Big Game James :3 Its on the table, take it!
Heading out to Phoenix!
If you can complete each other's sentences, you'll eventually just stop talking. Someone who challenges you will bring lifelong adventure.
dare you not turn up at the weekend you Toons!
frank sinatra and coffee <3
Gotta make some changes
I truly want a job with a passion because I dont wana rely on other people for money, especialy my mom.
Let's have a fruitful week!!!
are you ready for #Fringe S4 finale? Wouhouuuuuu
Good morning! White Sox play Seattle today at 1:05 at Camelback ranch!!
Book is coming!
Pat D talks Sports coming on up...
Thanks for the follow ! Would love to chat once we find a drummer and can start playing shows again
Look, I'm no George W Bush fan, but I don't get the hate over him naming his cat Bob. It's cute! That cat probably thinks its people anyway.
Vice is its own reward. It is virtue which, if it is to be marketed with consumer appeal, must carry Green Shield stamps. -Quentin Crisp
Is it Friday yet?
where is the game being shown?
Hit-Girl is my motivation.
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing! me too!
We don't bite, (much). We promise! RT: that's quite an imposing list of artists.
hey I gotta try that one would be a good one
I disagree. They shouldn't play baseball in Toronto either? Or football anywhere warm?
#traveltip always check the hotel room 2x before you checkout!
... stay tuned for new album and first show in the fall. Shanna is healing fast, should be back to banjo soon. that's another story....
our pleasure Tori! truly looking forward to it :) i'll be in touch soon when things settle down a little :) ~john
For those in Madison, I will be back on October 19 to present my new book at the Wisc Book Festival at Overture Center.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
sorry I just had to.
TransAtlantic pipeline - biggest env disaster in 2002 that never happened: 7.9 EQ and not a drop of oil spilled -Applegate
Who to cheer for on this one or I don't care for either of them.
What You Should Know About Real Estate Valuation
I cracked my freakin iPod screen !!!!!!
hey wat u up to today
Hi Joy. It's been busy but productive. How about you?
Warhol Campbell Tomato Soup canvas makes me hungry I grew up on that soup RT : Just two more days to see "Picasso to Warhol"
#3wordsthatwomenhate you're so moist
he never ate that kumquat!
Life and it's daily bullshit doe.
Get those Heaters checked out for this cold weather!!
thanks frank! We will discuss how to make teachers better and students more successful without ever talking about content!
did you move and not tell me?
45 mile ride today. Let me just say this, the wind is just mean. Rotating pace lines to try to hold 12 mph. Ridiculous. Still had a blast.
- Good! I wanted you guys to do something different.
Don't bunt, please don't bunt
Hey, ReRe you see did sang you a special Bday wish! #LuvMeSumVickie//Thanks , Life is Beautiful!
Liturgy at was great tonight. Long, fun day... ready for the farmer's market, homework-ing, and King Khan tomorrow
when KD came Doc said he gives us 2 players so AB can play the SG. My momma can pass n handle better than KD. didnt work at all
RIP Whitney Houston
HBD Lincoln wish ya all da best
Glad you like it :)
So thirsty. Omg
I do not think so!
check your facebook messages please ! It`s important (:
Glee should write in the Crawford girls! Female version of the Warblers-yes! Girls were cute esp 3 on the end. Do they sing?
#IfIHadThePower I'd stop #police from hassling people and get them to protect and serve-- their original purpose.
Gave The Feed Zone Cookbooks to three different friends as gifts. All have raved about them! Thanks !!!
#NHL Hockey, like #INDYCAR Racing, must be seen live to be truly appreciated.
SAME I'M ON PAGE 30 ITS STILL NOT HERE
please do... Been through 2 piano players already #catscanthackit! Enjoy the road!
I love 's quotes :) it's amazing!
I hate being home
Okay watching Real Sex on HBO really makes me want to do it in the mud.... srsly.
I'll never let you down.
Do you have a favorite food truck here in SD? Why not show them a little love and write them a Yelp review telling the world how great...
love black too!
ah I'm sorry!!!!! Tell everyone I miss them!!
Hello, buzz
Latest on Randy Moss?
Excited for my shoot with tomorrow.
Just had 3 glasses of green juice that I made with kale, cucumber, celery, parsley, ginger, apple and lemon. The best snack in this weather!
u said baby daddy lol
My father is enjoying his retirement and decided to write a blog...let's just say Dad's participles be dangl'n!
Happy Birthday to your MOM..al her fan sites are GEEKED and doing their individual SHOUT OUTs..u can hear it around daworld!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox1
Bout to go hit the left arm a lil tonite
Taking some time this morning to catch up on our connections we made at the Home Show! Did anyone else make it out there?
Sb halloween was a success! Dont remember a lot but of what i heard i had a great timee.
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals... ha... Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Any #Rockies fans have extra shirt given out at game Friday night...I'll trade ya subscription to Mile High Sports magazine
Thanks for the mention, Ed!
A museum in New York City may b interested in doing a teen program on the Rostam comics. Do u have illustrators in the city?
ANN BOOM!!! Let's go to the final four!
Heard you been rockin' the beast shirt. Can I score a photo?? AAAHHHH!! Amazing game!
That's great! Thanks for sharing your views with us!
- Welcome! I like your work! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Shorty is infatuated after how niggas tossed her salad
Nick Punto, your scrappy defense made me like you. Your choice of "In the Air Tonight" as walk-up music made me love you.
totally praiseworthy!
for now I'm show-free til next month, starting tomorrow i began my honeymooning for a week and then back to recording.
I’m giving more speeches on “Miamitude” these days so let me know if
Would kill to see that. RT : Oh man. The debate moderators are about to lose it.
hi Rick just received word Step Gaye passed away. Heart is heavy.
im still me.RT if ur really bored n slpy.
thanks for the nice compliment! We are glad to have helped.
Thanks for an evening of amazing music!
Woah hubspot! If all the startups in Boston start acquiring each other, you guys know you won't be startups anymore right?
Read an E Book Week starts March 4. Good deals to be had!
HOT #producer be da 1st 2 murder some new sounds and styles send me ya emails and lemme send u sum
Screw this, ima be a hobo.
Unfrick'n believable! #Come ON!!!
What makes me happier than a new tour? Seeing that they are announcing a date in NM soon. So excited!
Just saw both the #Charliesheen commercials for direcTv and Fiat. Guess he really is winning!
While I feel pretty strong on most machines , but today I tried jogging and thought my lungs were going to burst. Day15
On my way down to hear talk about Obj-C at Nothing like learning from an original NeXT instructor...
I dont know how i Deal'd with all the ish i have been through.Probably laughter and sex...which became another problem lmfa
The pursuit of serenity and happiness is by feeding our soul
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X11
So Raven Symone has come out of the closet, and why is that news?
So excited that my extended weekend went well... Hopefully next weekend will go even better!!•|• fingers crossed... :/
I DONT HATE ALEXIS HE IS SWEET AND NICE HE DID NOTHING TO ME!!!
I get unlimited female attention
im just bored aha
Let's Go BUCKS!
Oktoberfest specials all month long! Come and enjoy a 32oz Maas of our Oktoberfest for only $6.25 and pair it with some Bavarian Strudel!
Just found a lost dog......we miht keep him he doesn't have a collar and nobodies around
that's the nicest thing anyone has said to me all day ♥
yeeee buddy use that blue belt magic
remaining optimistic that missing balloonists Richard Abruzzo and Carol Rymer-Davis will be found.
Love that show RT : Trying to watch #FirstTake but I am so sleepy!
So much for the new years eve party my bf just passed out :/
We find this to be so true: RT : "What entrepreneurs need most isn’t knowledge. What they need is the ability to evolve."
I heart Catcher. My daughter is totally fine with "pretending" to be the bad guy. *hangs head*
Much Aloha ! Eat Well.
the only one who got, got last night was you and the miz truth and that just a preview of whats gonna happens on survivor serie
reasonable doubt
Loves life leavin for school in... 5 weeks : )
I will find you. And I will fuck you.
Reading a great book called the spirit walk.
Video Upfront conference in New York. Looking forward to kickoff.
Remember the children during the holidays by donating to Toys For Tots. You can drop off a gift at the Dryden Mansion @ 59 Lincoln Park.
life is good.
sometimes it's best to ignore those brittards. I think mercury is in retrograde or some shit...they're extra dumb lately.
and NBA fantasy ends, I get 3rd place. 3rd place! 3rd place! 3rd place! not 4th as it was in Semi-Pro
I think I would be good living alone , I like my own space ! I would need a hustling ass roommate , so we can make shit happen !
Waiting for my voice lesson to start. Its been a while since I've been here. prayers appreciated :)
Went bowling with my pops! Father-Daughter time!
Just saw your post & noticed you are an A-Phi also. Very cool. AOE.
I know nothing about hockey but I'm watching the Rangers game. Playoff time is exciting.
Yes! RT : thinking it might be a great idea to have a #JackDanielsParty on Saturday, add Poker... and scantily clad servers ;)
Attended the Expo and entered a lot of drawings for a prize. Bring lots of business cards and go to every booth. Lots of freebies!
I totally agree.
Early voting in the Clerk's office available until 5P today. Can't make it? We're open M-F from 8A-5P next week and 10A-5P next weekend.
RIP MCA from the Beastie Boys....
“: “: I love Only five more weeks! 😊💙”>>> I can't WAIT until the wedding lol”>>>here you go lol
holla He might be interested
certainly! Email
Speaking of which, did he perform Forever?
wow, Moments.... I thought I could trust you... You are just as deceiving as time.
good look... I was raised here to.
LaHair had his 7th homer of the season today, improves average to .396. We gotta send Smoak back to the minors
All Saints' Day marks 5 years since I joined the I'll file this decision under "Good Choices".
haha my bad about fort homeboy didn't hear u
free beer, pizza.....maybe some smoothie king!? I recommend everyone following and playing the game!!
We have all the technology in the world but I can't get a stupid blu-ray to play. Thank goodness for Netflix.
Holl-a if you are going to the Spring Backer Show!
so i finally got up and got dressed now only 10 million other things to do
RT : Just noticed there's no William Dean Howells in the Just the essays on James and novel-writing.
Puma Apparel Women's Performance Cat Tank Top
10 more tweets left till my 200th tweet!!..
contest? celebration? what?
A yellow light means speed up, Not slow down. (;
how can a JOB SITE EVER discriminate against the unemployed!! I search DAILY w/no result - ITS STILL HORRID OUT THERE!!!!
Great workshop today. N.C. Digital Heritage Center and really know their digital projects!
very interesting
I hope that the pain and sadness will ease with time in the hearts of those suffering losses. Forever grateful. Never forgotten. 9/11/2001
Anxiously awaiting feedback.
Have a back to school pic to share? Post it here or on the Facebook page and we'll use it tomorrow on Sunrise!
Nothing much! You?
3A KingCo fastpitch tourney starts today, trimming five teams to four for next week's Sea-King tourney
Just left pepper jacks. The fat buck tooth bartender gave horrible service. Guess her chit chat was more important.
Now Playing: "Big Quippin' (Barry's Theme)," Music From and Inspired by A&E's Storage Wars
Suns out guns out baby!
RT Tornado warning in Toronto??? tell to stop messing with HAARP <- Why give Obama credit for Gods power? Isaiah 29:6.
an Obama chia?! What the heck were they thinking?!
Do you have a phone number you can DM to me? I would love to speak with you further. Thanks --MM
"Hate" is a strong word... Mean it when you say it.
Janeane Garofalo is my favorite character
is on February 29th so she can only celebrate her bday every 4 years. Wouldn't that suck? Haha
Pop/acoustic/rock/country... You name it, they'll play it! Zach Wade & Dan Harvey tonight at 9pm #Milwaukee !!
I am thoroughly enjoying the #ShakesPalin twitter meme
Kevin im sick and a tweet from you would just make me fell so much better love you <3 cant wait for new jonas music!
Starting daily battle with #ATT. Will it be the 3rd missed appt in 4 days? Probably, since no one can confirm it. the WORST!
aww no fair what time you off
Woke up with the worst bed mate ever: my hangover
if your not dateing a cheerleader you have to raise your standards
its thje alcohol id blow it off he doesnt drink that much just tell em ur his girl and accept apology the alcohol
hate 2 get irritated/nasty on my b-day & everyone has the right 2 say what they want, but some NBA players need to STFU already
I hate you so much. I wish you would go the hell away!
Water based ginseng extract if you want to boost your immune system only. If you have allergies, alcohol based extract is best :)
Do you agree? A good leader hires the right people to do the job
Another VO from Pittsburgh, I followed you before thanks for the follow! #voice-overs #voice over
Someone set the fire alarm off in our building and I've never heard something so loud in my life
now I'm good lol I went too HAM last night.
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge along with adam foster
no problem. I just sent you an email. Looking forward to hearing from you man!
I assume that's the mugshot?
I eat my gummy bears two at a time, so they don't have to die alone
Alright kids I have a dumb question. What does "tbh" mean!?
| I'd also look at the April 5 archive.
We will be on after the Sounds. They're playing a 7-inning game. Should be on close to normal time, barring extra innings.
he was just playing coy before he asks you to fi... just read the last tweet ;)
Just discovered it, so I thought I'd check to see if this was a known issue before submitting a ticket. Thanks!
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 38:08 with Nike+ GPS.
Whatever you do ,work at it with all your heart , as working for the Lord ,not for men. Colossians 3:23
West Coast club tour starts June 7th...hardest decision for me is deciding if I'm ever comin back or not
ima be gone for about 2 mnths you'll better write me when im gone.
2012 film watching! #14. Insidious (Wan, 2010). Good little horror film. Creepy images, and decent scares. Horror fans should like this.
Being silly wit my brother
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights look at the words Bronte uses to intro the character's dialogue. On pg 5 Heathcliff "growled."
THANK YOU !!
Can anyone explain to me why shows Chris Mathews twice? Why not give Dylan or Martin the slot? Re-runs in prime time really?
lol aw you all hot & bothered
Most awkward, funniest day of my life..
Be sure to close out your parties by tonight - 11:59pm EST, so your Hostesses and customers qualify for this week's After Party Awards!
Awesome to see what the New York Giants are doing to the Packers today.
My freaking hair is gone. Two weeks before I go to philly. I need my mom
Prycilla; making everyone's lives better since 5 minutes ago.
Let the boil begin. The raspberry vanilla wheat beer is now in progress. Next update at after the hops are added.
Where are you?
#idontlikeyoubecause you let me down too many times before
Does anyone know where I can get a new lease on life? The one I have isn't working ou...:
is true
Just found mad lint toe-jam in between my 2-month-old's toes. Where's he been walking?! Clearly, I've been missing some spots at bath-time.
they haven't been set out yet though! Give em a min.
I'm off of hwy 50 just east of I-94. I'm by Verlo. Are you going to drop by?
Justin Bieber's voice went from sounding like a girl to some creepy dude.
Previewing the new temp site, loving it, excited for the wireframes for the real one.
One of the worst breakup lines: "Were to alike" .....translation..... "You bore me."
thanks, I really do need it! Have an excellent day!
Don't miss Peter on Primetime today at 4pm PT – calling in LIVE from THE PLAYERS Champ to talk UBC!
we will get them Thursday
I'm going to get so much heat for this...but I still don't have a smart phone..
When I lost my dear friend of 16 years I said I would not own a dog again...too much pain. Then I met Fancy!
Shut the fuck up RT : You kno what that means, big feet.. Big socks
Never had a bloody nose in my life & all I do is get then now!
Dang, why show California dairy commercials in WI? Hey Callie! You have sun, stars, and California rolls. Let us keep our dairy title.
How do they get those jerseys with names already on em right away?
"I make my own luck" -every single movie, ever.
Cheating is like eating fast food : You do it, you enjoy it and then you feel like shit.
#TheVoice - I don't think Juliet has been picking the right songs. She should have sang Janis Joplin, Joan Jett etc...
#AaliyahsAirplanePlaylist Track 1) Young Blood - The Naked and Famous
Ugh. How quickly momentum can shift.
Don't ever give lil Ceasars
well how about stirring up a little controversy with a good question
Going to be because it sure looks like it to me ! !
Thanks, Mary! I consider it to be a huge honor. Really excited!!!
is cracking an actual whip too severe?
Omg another Grand Slam by Joyce? Are u kidding me!
BA new pic my friend. Fingers crossed that we both feel better tomorrow!
twitter's getting boring!!!!
How do u get these lol
cool bc I need to see you! Its been forever!!
Why is everyone else so much prettier than me? :(
sorry but you're not important anymore.(:
Congrats to for being the 500th follower! She has won a FREE copy of the upcoming EP, "Pink Balloon" Stay tuned evry1!
RIP Pizza Island.
jamming to One Direction♥
Did you know cruise ships have datacenters ....very interesting & never thought about that before
What operating system and browser are you using?
I had forgotten who I gave my 13,600 tweet for like two seconds lol >.<
dude foreals i feel you on that one.
I love your bio :D its amazing xx
Do you see all actors/actresses as connected to parts they have played, or only some of them?
I'm going to sleep
Jackie Brown is one of my faves!
Ha! Tilt head down & to side, then slice. RT : I can do that. We have a Grilled Hanger Steak here, so I have knives.
- TY, we leave soon! We'll give everyone a hug from you.
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
changed the @ to
have a few- what r u looking 4 specific? What r u giving? Thx
almost caught your drumstick when you played with Jon Paul Jones and Ben harper, bonnaroo superjam '07
Fantastic happy hour deals for #mlb opener tonight! Come in and find out!!
"it's such a nice day, let's go to the park!!" - literally every new yorker, today
writing new ones while wearing my #sellout t-shirt.
like she doesnt do anything to anybody nd for them to just pick on her for no reason is not cool. people are so childish
Package deals Jan/Feb w/ Christine Kromer Casting Director of LIGHTS OUT, TREME, & IN TREATMENT + Kevin Kuffa, CD of Law & Order CI.
Well..there's another tweet I deleted rather than send.
Let me know if you're missing any of the New Frontier books and I will happily send them your way.
so bord wiff jared and my bro ;)
i love this!!!
why am I not getting them
Obama announced he is Pro-Gay Marriage. What are your thoughts? Should gay and lesbian couples have the right to get married?
Heading to the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo 2012 tomorrow? Stop by our booth and say Hi!
right on man! One more hour!
Whhhheeewwww!!! I'm finally home! Hope your week started off right! LOL ;) :)
RT : NO! Loved him. RIP Junior Seau.
This gym thing would be a piece o cake if I weren't 42, overweight, out of shape, & smoked a 1/2 pack a day. Piece ... o ... cake.
If that were the only thing, maybe. But separate from that, I can't even order from UK based sites like I was just trying to do.
Wtf. My moms making moaning sounds.
thanks! Haha but it's not my bday today :p I was just curious but I'll RT that on my bday(:
Thanks for following us, Amy!
Gotta hit free throws, gotta keep them off the offensive glass.
Great Thanksgiving dinner with the family,<3 Black Friday tonight with the momma!(: Can't wait for the great deals.(:
Jesus RT “: Rochester fd is going for a jumper on the main st bridge by the convention center. #ROC”
Those #kobes are so sick...I need them.
Noeleen: sometimes you should pick an average joe/jane so people can relate to them...and they generally need to be easy to look at.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
hey! this is & i got twitter limit. this is my 2ND account. i'll send u the links to LIKE now :)
oh :L
Hey OWS shit stains. I not only went to work today, I went to 2 different banks and conducted business...go fuck yourselves you LOSERS!!!
read about ball players showing less effort then they used to..or do we just put them on a pedistal- can't they have an off day @ work too?
So what will our next Ragnar be? The Miami to Key West looks fun--ultra or regular.
In Cincinnati, but we ship all over the country. Even with shipping costs we still beat the competition. We are on eBay as well.
Just went on a long walk to end this beautiful day! What did you do today to MOVE YA BODY?
While we are postponing, life speeds by. ~ Seneca
My heart is so sad. We lost a beautiful, soulful voice today. God Bless, RIP Whitney Houston.
#EndangeredSpecies are you out there? Hope to see you at my album release concert tonight #USC Bovard Auditorium, 6:30 -
Thank god for Friday.
Maybe it depends what you mean by stupid, but most people are reasonably credible observers/arbiters of their own interests.
Bout to get balled huh?
So like why is there still not an H&M in Lansing...
Happy Halloween!
Wants to thank all of you for making us the #1 florist in the Houston Press for readers choice "Best of Houston 2010"!!!
point and shoot - i have a dslr that I love, but I need something for on the go. Heard good things about Cannon or Nikon.
"Where do you keep the 'tamed' jalapenos? You are a sissy." - , looking for my - nevermind; it's self-explanatory, isn't it?
Excellent Godfather reference.
Since the cold war, we have moved from mutually assured destruction to mutually assured competition- Richard Fisher
well do remember everyone's impairment xD I'm sure they will realize what they have left soon enough
Don't let the blue sky fool you. It's supposes to rain at 7 :( Don't forget your umbrellas!
Receive my monthly newsletter 4 info on healthy lifestyle, new delicious foods, healthy easy recipes, & stress reduction-laurengoldstein.com
I love Tyson Chandler...
M4 Mini Movies showing on Thurs. at 6 pm @ SECCA. All videos are being screened. Some out and see what folks can do with an iPhone! FREE.
You're messing with my head, boy that's what you do best </3
There's still free candy available at College Library (although people are hatin' on the Bit-O-Honey candies).
I.LOVE.YOU. <3
you were awesome on E! news today! So glad to get to see you. I have direct tv so they suck with the no g4 thing.
Watching family guy.
Heading up to Duluth Minnesota. For a month!
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about. -Oscar Wilde
Can't love those two things and not mention pancit!
Did anyone feel like straight crap when they first started paleo?
RT : Can't hate on the #clipshow cuz habitually losing is still better than being mater dei.
The #Heat are VERY good at falling down on their own.
Tom Smedinghoff at #idtrust, who chairs ABA Identity Management Task Force, notes requirements for business/tech rules & legal rules
Good evening everyone! lovely day at the beach, think I have a sunburn ;) now a storm is moving in quick, back to work :)
Why would it be a problem for someone to sleep? Q3
I know, the photos are so gorgeous, whether roast beef or braided leather sandals...
#SongsMenShouldntWorkOutTo Let's get physical.
Two brilliant moves that helped create the Apple iOS powerhouse (Dalton Caldwell)
Still waiting on tickets.
What's the best way to submit an idea for your blog? I have a retail client that posts Facebook coupons. Thanks.
Be careful she might take your icon! LMAO!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #12: Want to get your project off the ground? Get your ass out of your chair!
The only sophomore in my gim class...it sucks.
Hey #giants fans now you can play #fantasy football against #oj Anderson W.legendsfantasyleagues.com
baby make that ass clap, 👋👋👐
Gotta wrk during the day Sat. but that night or Sunday I'm free. Watchin a movie at Joel's w/ drinks Friday night too. Come!
Ha! Always happy to RT something that's a RT of what we publish on We hope the journal relates to your work.
you're pregnant?
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist, they call me slim roethlisberger. #eminem❤
Tried out the new chant tonight! #SouthCitySyndicate loved it! Maybe it can turn into chant!!
shut up I'm jealous lol
Twitter is the perfect medium for marketing folks. G+ doesn't work as well for that. I haven't seen anyone selling anything.
- I was just thinking about you this morning, so I sent you a facebook friend request. I hope you don't mind. :)
All the better!
The consensus is (meaning my mother says) that it is the stress in concert with my feast or famine eating and lack of sleep. And not a bug.
Can't wait to come home and help edit our music video
Idk if u should say Awesome or Oh No ..
oh yea couldnt forget you;D!
Reading with Andrea White and illustrator Bill Megenhadt at 2pm at the small children's tent.
Its friday & I'm pretty... Come on.. Did u REALLY think I aint have no plans???!!!!!!
Triunfo Park was even more desolate...headed to Berniece Bennett Park, try our luck there...
Currently experiencing "hair temptation". The devil wants me to dye my hair red. #butIRebukehim lol
Congrats to for an amazing year. Incredible to think that 11 starters return next yr. Todays tears will fuel next years passion.
thank you! I would never offend them! I love the show! Yep I tweeted it to Dana & she retweeted it, which made my day! Thank u!
“Well I Went To Sleep In Jersey…Woke Up In ABQ.”
Very cool pix!
At Grand Opening & Ribbon Cutting for member Ralphs supermarket on Sports Arena Boulevard in San Diego. Beautiful new store.
What You Up Too??.
The Magic of March
Yea u was thinkn the rite way lol
Ordering new bull stickers--what colors should we select?
lol because I can read emotion right?
We are off to see the #Avengers in a bit. Can't wait. I can't wait to see what they did with the Hulk.
Great point - I didn't even think of that. If they are going for generalizability, there's no reason not to go random.
My Chemical Romance makes me think about . Always.
I fucking hate waiting on other people
#MayweatherCotto does 1.5M buys for $94 million. Impressive! But keep in mind this is 1 of 4 fights #boxing fans will buy all yr.
@ Paris today!
jsst give me HEAD :) ,NO straps .. lls
so your a cowboy that hates snakes? um
I hope ABC uses it's influence to discourage my home state of MD from increasing its minimum wage to 10.00/hr
Holy mother of hotness. It is so toasty in this classroom.
HA! that Ramos hit in garbage time just won me my Yahoo! league.
Just got back from the homecoming dance. shoulda been ther!
At a workshop learning how gets an unheard of 8% engagement rate on fb! Higher than Lady Gaga
happy badly you're the best love you and hope you have a great day
Who wants to play a show?
Hello to the 3 new lovely fans I gained today! Xo! ! !
Having your flight delayed sucks :(
Thanks for the RT!
oh ok
not your juicy?!?!
Gotta love hectic mornings.
I finished my scarf tonight. Honestly how old are we?
It seemed like Denise's storyline ended without the audience seeing closure.
I ain't religious so they say i have no faith, but i believe in myself so thats ok.
HUGE World Cup Friday Starting at 7am with Brazil VS. Portugal. At 11:30am is Spain VS. Chile and at 6:30pm Brazil VS. Portugal (re-aired)
thank you!! We will definitely do our best!
guys have a Question How can I do account has been disrupted here in Twitter?????????????
Order sent to Sabrina in NJ!
let hockey trip 2012 begin! 'canes/cryers now & pens/craps tomorrow!
Thank you Jess :-) It's the least I can do for a lady as nice as you! Xoxo
Actually, my last post was not my final edit of This Is Not an Exit :) I wrote a new introduction. I will update it soon.
I'm broke right now lol I'm tryna hold out till like Monday
RT : round 2? I might have come out< #RogerThat !!
Off to skate against East Coast Devastation. Hope the rest of the team shows up.
Impressions? If function_exists('funnel') { require once #linksy;}
Ctffup her forhead hella big neva be close up to the cam !!!!!
Thinking why the hell did i text you first...
ILL national code overview: not available means different things to different libraries
Reported shooting at #VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
because they are simply awful announcers
Make the best of today. One more
Dood. I'm watching Wendy Williams show. No shit, she just asked guest "How did u become a crackhead?" ... I need the block, too.
you meant "debris" should just schedule the late race caution and stop pretending RT : Caution. Debris T2
The fact this paper is over WWII<<<
LS: Jefferson had an Enlightenment vision, but it was a limited one.
Even more a creature of habit than I thought. Twitter flipping Tweets to right side instead of left is bugging me.
new camera? yup. (:
no more thunder!! finally right in LA again
Formula One: Ferrari must respond in Spain - Alonso
pinched sciatic nerve, hopefully the doctors can work some magic...
Holy Mother ! It's freezing nuts this morning !!!!
#Harvard sighting on TNT. 1st time the Crimson have been shown. They're about 40 minutes away from tip-off against Vanderbilt.
lol Who said this?
Chicago, is the most amazing city EVER! I LOVE it here!
time to shed my zotero n00bness.
I think they might actually be (wait for it) revenue positive. I know, that's a shocking thing to expect from a valley co.
Happy birthday on this Easter renewal day. You deserve some rest. hugs!
definitely... �D
How can I help you today?
cool! I need to get back here more often.
#Cloverfield is on... that will do.
Call PaperJam Press!!! They are amazing and specialize in small-run/art prints. 503-238-5777 They do all my printing.
Do you have a Sakura dragon? You could try that with a Fog dragon, too. :) This game takes a log of patience, I've noticed.
"My Cuban cigar from Mexico!!"
If it abuts sidewalk, almost certain it's not w/in property line. Most Brookland front yards are technically public space.
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity - a crisitunity!!
Are you enjoying our daily posts? Tell your friends to "like" us so that they can share in the fun!
Just watched the girl with the Dragon Tattoo, wow ! Great movie !!
is Sarah's family from Nebraska, I was thinking it would be Wyoming.
I love and You two brighten my life even though you make fun of me like crazy.
Their interior is not better. It equaled out. Niether team used the interior.
One of my fav films of all time is Star Wars. My mom made Leia's white outfit out of a sheet & I wore it every day after school. Don't judge
I don't think Brett Lawries not complaining is "normal"...
pep is still coaching
Just accidentally walked right up on a nasty, slimy toad, almost like the one in "Pan's Labyrinth" #eww-tastic -- Samantha Willis (…
U do what ya gotta, but I know u got #TigerBlood in your veins. Now all u need is to be wearing some black and gold.
Oh, hell, I even want a pair!
like literally fruit thats actually within arms length? or is this some kind of metaphor?
I hate word vomit :/
Was the KG foul legit? I didn't get a good look & TNT isn't showing replays per David Stern's request
all saints. new jeans. pala - vegan pizza. jenni4. babycakes. durian. wine & more wine. green beans and french fries. wine. missed train...
Cant wait to see tonight at Houston Press Concert Series!
#TEDxUSC Amy Jo Kim designer of non zero sum collaborative games where we all win; girls & older women fastest growing gaming demographic
- I think we should all get together and perform something, in that case... #performinggeniuses ;)
I'm lucky to be living in such a bike-friendly city.
RT : The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision - Helen Keller (via )
Not to mention I'm 80% from the 3 point line in that gym 4 for 5
& i don't give a fuck, bitch.
there's entertainers&artist#esperanzaspalding a natural artist the show was the vocals/instruments.bad ass vocalist an band.
LOOK SO CUTE IN YOUR DORM ROOM MUSIC VIDEO =)
Shopping with grandson Z in Billionaire Boys Club.
My god crooked went in on that freestyle
hell no! Watching the Rockets take it to em.
Shout Out to the Niggas that Cash they $400 McDonalds Paychecks and ask for $5's & $10's back so it look like you Ballinnnn
I'm hallucinating! I see little balls of sunshine in a bag!
Teachers' union considers legal challenge over free school assessments - The Guardian
if you really wanna do lunch.. Geoffrey's in Malibu.. Ah.. THE best...
reading Driven now and enjoying. Also loved Gutshot Straight by Lou Berney
"GO TO YOUR ROOM!" "You mean, where my tablet, iPod, and phone are? Okay.
Im back on my twitter shit..
I ran into a panda who introduce me to a lion.
RT follow me back
“One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.” -Evelyn Waugh
As early as 1913, aeronautics and circuitry programming inspired Girl Scouts to consider non-traditional careers.
I don't think so not sure though
Mission City Cat Show official Fiesta Event Saturday and Sunday Event Center . Viva Fiesta San Antonio
sounds romantic. have to look into doing that next time I go out that way :-)
At detour with my cousin Mitchell. Great end to the week!
ion know why u put money on them bro... I ain't bettin against the Heat till the finals
Debate over public campaign financing - Rochester YNN
Maria, you are most welcome. have a great day!
Only in Dallas....cutting edge 3-D technology is being used for breast augmentation. The story tonight on CW33 News at 9.
thnx! so many PM tools out there; trying to find one that will create good gantt charts & integrate well w/ MS products.
still haven't gotten out of bed...
Hitting the hard stuff again, huh?
lol he got back up
Just watch 's NEVER SAY NEVER! Its amazing. Love it!
kid! Can you PLEASE check out my purevolume and tell me what ya think? www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord just a local artist :)
Bilbo is so photogenic!
excited actually : )
The thing about working in the government: One day you realize that many of your sentences are mostly acronyms.
LOVED Catherine Tate on The Office!
Welcome to Massachusetts.
bro you clearly don't know me so calm that mess down
Woo Friday is here!!!!
In the studio putting together the ALS Association spots. Working together for a greater good!
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in "Precious"..happy mother's day
I sure hope so.
As long as you don't go YOU! Think that's trademarked, haha.
Haha. On the field, indeed. RT : The forecast for opening day is just more of the same.
This simple word jumble will give you 50% off when you come in today with it figured out. We'll let you decide if "ypsarrerb" is simple.
": On route to ATLANTA... Meet n greet today 3pm / REMIX:LIVE party tonight + Roll call!
Happy Friday!
Bigger homes mean less surveillance of domestic labor? I might want to think about that.
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what they’re thinking.
Casey Anthony acquitted? WTF?
Rarely do I yell at the TV for any other teams than the Packers/Brewers - Tebow in overtime elicited a stand up Heck yeah!
Whatcha gonna do when you can't say no & the feelings start to show?!
My Dad Told Me Once “All The Girls You Know Are “Whores” I Told Him That May Be True However They're In Remission.”
Troll Face wars with perfect distraction from english paper. #thanksalotyo lol!
When my mind is at peace, I am receptive to the inspiration of the Christ within, and I find a way out of every difficulty.
Nah... It's just the year where the little 3rd graders look at you like 'DAMN SHE'S OLD!' :-/ Normal... I look like (c.)
Can I just say I HATE allergies!!!! ugh
especially me
Goodnight world. Day has been fulfilling and love what God did at lakeview. Can't wait until next week
three way with lol
thanks for the RT!!!
Watched the #KCA and saw !!!!!!<3 #directioner for life!!! I love you guys!!!<3(:
“: Sunday school homework on Saturdays <<” my life.
YUCK, Raining SXSWet. Get ready ATX! For all the cleaning needs of locals, and our out of town guests, come to EcoClean! 24 hr turn.
Had a beautifully poached egg for breakfast thanks to tips from
Today I don't feel like doin anything(:
Dontcha just love that? Can't get my husband on Twitter either. Either way, Happy Anniversary - hope you're doing something fun.
Huhh, weather is bad today:)
screw the rules, i have money
Many are Called But Few Are Chosen...
Micro-Marketing’s riddle: Relationships are important; they require person-to-person communication. Why is it a marketing rarity?
Life gets better when you're around the right people.
Ok, it's #hachetteprev. Ready to go! And I know who the special secret guest is!
Sunday, 15th April - Charity Car wash and personal pizza while you wait for £5 at Dominos Pizza, Newark. Proceeds to
just finished "I like it". Guy whispers to his friend, "Now THAT'S rock and roll"
RT : 11:11 - Make A Wish is trending!!!(: that's so awesome!:D You guys are SO amazing! I love you<3
mom leaves for Fla tomorrow....so jealous!!!!
Don't you go anywhere else for jams, jellies, sauces & the most refreshing, succulent watermelon pickles you're gonna find at Mama's Pantry.
looking forward to a Simpsons with a Will Shortz cameo.
can do no wrong! Best night of the year:
This afternoon took an interesting turn after I did a Google Image search on "Poltergeist clown"
Full house indeed~! Loving it so far,is that JRT dng MF
Enjoy 4th of July weekend Las Vegas and when it's over don't forget vegaspressurewashing.com . You make the mess, I powerwash it clean!
In thaa train station, woah im in high school . :x.
#Mudcats? Scooter is a hairy beast like Skipper Bivins on #HillbillyHandfishin'.
What do you look for in a company when considering a move?
P.E.M.D.A.S All Dayy (Please Excuse My Dopee Ass Swag)
haha awesome. where you guys headed now? I'm good, busy practicing my musak skills :P
that sound better than my pre-bed planning. You win
Lost 3-4 to the best team in our district. Even pitched a ground out to a girl going to play at UT! So proud of everybody!
Hoping to someday do something as awesome and funny as did with Gary Oldman this weekend. This is why we donate to
Drinks with ....we gettin faded
When you put makeup on cause you think your goin somewhere but then your stupid mom says you can't go -_- I hate parents sometimes!
Linds great to see you as well!!! keep well and keep up all the GOOD!!!!!! :) TOGETHER we make this cancer world a better place!! :)
QoTD: "Without determination, you'll just end where you started." (Unknown)
I will get a job, start driving, go to the gym, focus on school, & STOP BEING LAZY.
FINALLY the WEEKEND! But we never stop working! Hire Mr. Chauffeur to (happily) transport you & your friends to the party! 630-363-9027
And then had Panera and Starbucks. Now me and have food babies 😊
I reached back like a pimp, and slapped a hoe.
Q4) Good question, but don't know!
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout on set of #MattsChance stay posted for a
Squee! I leave for Rome in 11 days. was just talking about introd. us. We can relive Italy memories. Have fun!
“May the bridges I burn light the way."
I swear it's 194672598 degrees hotter upstairs than downstairs. Couch potato tonight.
So happy to be a Bruin when I walk to class at sunset. Such a beautiful campus.
Hope you apologized to and the others whose day you ruined!
Thank you to the Roswell Challenge Girls for donating Brown Bag Lunches today at Egleston and Scottish Rite campuses!
Tech & Soc: John Augustus Roeblings ⁰was one of the designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Things that are so awesome that they make us want to dance around the office: What a brilliant idea!
Sounds great! Children are so enjoyable!
hey I have heard that song Motion Picture by Future. I have it on a C.D lol. I like it waay better than the other song (:
; keep on dreaminn' even if it breaks your heart. <3
RT“: But i know i aint going to sleep no time soon.”
Use of games is overwhelmingly popular is encouraging social interaction in museums.
point of ped #transpo data: people like being by people. Safety. Parklets. Pretty maps and places. Infrastructure targets. Nice
What a beautiful vision <3
Note to at ... Custer took a stand, too, and that didn't work out so well
W. North Ave. around 3:30pm when shooting happened is VERY busy. Intersection w/ McCullough; there's a Burger King & a BP gas station there
pic please! Preferably with adam's grandma and tequila, thanks.
RT it never hurts to b different
oh yes, relaxation is fleeting so I try and embrace it and remember!
Happy 4th of July! Proud to be an American!
I have a cousin with chronic halitosis. Well, a distant cousin. Friend me on FB!
I don't NEED it but after 7yrs it would be nice. Really tho, I want someone to make me feel the way I need to feel. Otherwise it's just...
thinking about the relationship between narrative and practice in constructing identity. How do I make myslef American? Jewish? female?
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Palermo - Italian (live updates)
then don't put it up
Hung out with at Prohibition last night...yep I was the guy with the jacket tied around his waste #
My brother Is funny :)
"you guys sound the way I feel every day" been over 6mos but I still listen to 4lokomas to make my problems seem infinitesimal
haha I forgot that we conned you into buying a ticket! It should be a #shitshow for sure! You better be ready!
Time for a workout.
Financing a Foreclosure Purchase - NASDAQ
Is gonna go to Al's later??
“: Sick tired crying over it so fucking over it” Love u 😘
Got some crazy 🚶boys in my class
come on Unilever, these tweets are getting lame.
Shouldn't you all be entertaining me? Or, alternatively, fucking me?
Much like sex, it gets better with practice.
May I be your 2000th tweet? :D
*ugh* *cringe* You know I love Zooey. Although I haven't been able to get into her new show. I've been MIA, I know.
I'm off of work! Finally!!
Looking At everything and what I'm doing .. I feel good (:
Lk ur bks Tx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
The actual producing, mixing, and mastering is hard work, harder than what I do.
Sorry everyone I didn't attend my big bro birthday party last night decide that I couldn't go for wat I did
Firstalert.com voice smoke/co2 on NBC.com this a.m. High 5 campaign. #smoke detection #fire #voice evac
The weather is ssoooooooo FINE . Followers ?
#10ThingIHate people wasting my time
Happy birthday (: Hope you're having a great day! <3
Morning rises on the final day of filming...
sometimes i feel like if everythings my fault. like if i'm the reason my parents fight 24/7, even tho they're not together.
That was fucking brilliant. Day (or life until the concert) has been made.
On my way to school I'm gonna fail this exam :(
Ugh, sorry! We have about two, but supposedly more is on the way. :(
Thanks for the follow back :)
it's the limit. brevity is a wonderful thing. :)
Nonprofit cultural institutions are eligible for CLIR Hidden Collections Award. Collections must be accessible to the public.
watching america's got talent
thank you so much. I really appreciate it. But I must say that the kids deserve the credit.
My interest in tennis has been on the downturn in 2012, partly due to falling form of favorite WTA Serb. Hoping RG re-sparks my love.
Big L fan?!
I think I've been pretty open about being TT and pre-tenure -- sorry, it wasn't meant to be a surprise. :-)
no buns? Just ball park franks lol
I hear you on that. Used to have guys upstairs that wrestled. I thought they would wind up in my apartment a few times.
I love my boyfriend 😘
Another Earl Friday. So great to catch up, talk about goals etc. :)
awe, I definitely miss all 3 of you boys! good times. Hope to work with y'all again someday soon :) xo
Thank you for the #FF mention!
“: New Strokes song is very #solid” Classic Strokes. So Good
Re: testing out some goodies...So that's why was pushing me out the door today ;-)
Check my Bio out and subscribe to my youtube channel? I sing on youtube :)
Who is this kid?!? I hate him! -V
I think Tuesday is most hardest day of the week .
ur a weird dude did u know that but if ur not weird ur normal and normal is BORING ily <3
Yeeeeeessssss u better be watching & cheering for my #Packers lol
Ready to get out this house but these creatures named Parents wanna keep me held hostage all day :-/
Demi Lovato on Grey's anatomy 👍
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all they can. Thomas Carlyle
great talking to you! thx for supporting Philly / Wharton start ups!
i'm a thug so nothing will happen to me lol
My father passed away last night.
Can we say "deans list shawty"...lol
omg perfection
**We Shall Overcome.**
happy birthday brotha!
"I will not die but live, and will proclaim what the Lord has done" -Psalm 118:17
Poor cutomer service by #Delta sitting on the tarmac waiting for a ground crew to direct us in. Do they not know the plane is coming?
I had the pleasure of meeting with author Kimberly Ray "And Yet They Still Chose Me". A riveting story being made into a movie. You go girl!
how do I get info about the cruise? I am on the al/chuck site now, but nothing appears as far as details :-(
I need to get Catching Fire already xD I've read the Hunger Games a billion of times already.
Anybody Want A ShoutOut ? : D
The cop is my new favorite character. "If this was Comicon, I'd take a bullet for that kid." "I watch a lot of Antiques Roadshow."
The world is black; the world is white; it turns by day and then by night.
"Winter" in Maputo. 68 degrees and everyone has a jacket.
Don't you think Schwartz takes some responsibility in the culture of the team?
Great breakfast at #wheelerspharmacy the people there are so nice
Took my Vitamin Awesome, and washed it down with some Crunk Juice, now I'm retstago!!!
a pointless Myspace type site for creative people.
lol shit I tried that they told me nigga you stupid can't return nothing after 14 days
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also on-board.
I wish I had a date to prom
There will never be a better day for him to retire than today.
Sexting on Christmas is SO wrong. I love it.
mayonaise or miracle whip?
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis - Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony
remind me to clean up. tomorrow ;)
i wanna be like mike
RT : This Thursday is our monthly Wine Tasting Series! 8-12 wines, Jazz & Appetizers, just $25/person from 5pm - 7pm on...
agree with Jenn! You're an amazing mom because your daughter is...she must get it from her mama 
u tryna shed with us on thursday at carlos house?
Off to for some #Stickyballs and karaoke
learn how to spell. And leave alone! Haha. It's a reason it's name is that.
He Just Called Me Dumb .
if i ever get a hold of that girl she gone have my baby!! boy u home?
lol Awh /: but they're cuddly 😊
Still looking for some nice digs this summer? Second Porch is a Facebook apps that lets users rent vacation homes.
If I could just go beyond the sun where I can feel pain, where I could just fade away!!
#Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi & NYC! Req: advanced genealogists - paying $175! DM me for more info
let me know the damage bro. :)
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I'm so tired but today was good.
Well said, Mat!
infinity love tattoo on my wrist=)
Never fear a shadow... that means there is light somewhere-download- InSpotter app
Cats #1 BABY!
i miss you
56.9% of #engineering graduates in full time employment just 6 months after graduating, compared to 53.1% of all grads. Hard work pays off!!
Good guys finish last!
Who was the first man to decide it was appropriate to milk a cow?
that's right! I'm proof that you can fake smart haha.
#ThatMoment when your friend tells you he was shooting heroin on friday and you can't tell if he's being completely serious or not
Today's going to be a good day. Out with my boyfriend. ¢:
talking about the International Association Taxonomy (IAPT) for Plants. Taxon journal will appear in BHL soon!
Get over it...most of its not meant to be literal it's the culture of the game and has been like this for decades
Damn! #smh RT : i was gonna say. PF spot. i hear more may be dropping
Hi Kelly! I feel like I know you already, your name has come up so often!
Im so Hood and I love A Hood Biatch
score.I'd like to thank the people that made this possible, my mother who made me recognize this made up holiday god bless &g'night
Happy Valentine's Day! Celebrate the holiday by checking out the group show "Love and Other Cravings" at Touchstone!
getting murdered is a bad thing
Just recommended to a student studying for finals based on overhearing her phone convo about glitches, gold, & weapons
Its all in front of you...
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 20
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLLOW---> 4
people say you follow back but you didnt follow me??? :'( ........
What's good twitter peeps!!? Holla at us!!
You just got shout out from Uecker!
From Dumari Dancoes on Everyday Wisdom- "The World is so loud; Divine Guidance is subtle. You have to listen carefully to hear it."
ah the lengths i go to, to avoid working on my homework. remind me how I'm still getting a 4.0
Yes, please..Everything. Unless you sent the picture for it! You don't have to type it, can you just take a picture of 32&35?
Sure u want your team to win, but just as, if not more important, is ragging on that UofL/UK fan you hate at work, etc..
Watching #Boredtodeath waiting for carpet cleaners just got to the one with Mary Steenburgen was right she's def a #cougar!
Grow up.
those were deltas not
LOL! have you seen The Big C? This reminds me of the 1st season pool debacle. But you're not as grumpy as Marleen.
No one looks back on their life and remembers the nights when they got plenty of sleep. #c/o2012
Why do people always ask questions that they already know the answer to?
Apparently, after-party Oscar fashion > at-the-Oscars fashion. Pretty dresses FTW.
Fern Isle Park tommorow. Gonna start filiming with Steven, Dreon, Josue, Justin, Jancy, &Jen (y)
If a rabbit crosses the road, don't run it over with your car.
#Indy, trying to help 2 talented designers find a Graphic Design postion. 15 years+ experience for each!
Waking up at 7 AM and realizing I don't have school today. Relief!
Got a great outfit for tomorrow #PictureDay Last day of pictures this is for my favortive teacher to go on her back wall!!!
thanks for the RT! have a great day!
Pinterest Tracking Tool that strengthens personalization, identifies customer influence & monetizes activity....
Funny you say that, I'm literally watching a 2 hr. Foo Fighters documentary I DVR'ed. They're an amazing band
Holy bajeezus. Someone in Walmart looked EXACTLY like I was freakin out. The lady probably thought I was mental.
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead I would put justin bieber, but im waiting for his follow back. Not to be on his blocked list.
I shouldn't be allowed on any social networking sites....
I want my pic taken
Does Klout really matter?
I just logged into Youtube for the first time in weeks. I feel like I have no idea whats going on with all the changes ugga
interception. Didn't see it. “: I'm out. Good things will happen now. “: I wish would leave the room already.
definitely not 😜
the zit growing between my eyes is the size of kansas ..
Joe, Joe! You're our man. If you can't do it, no one can!
What?? dis me? OMG!
RT : #thatawkwardmoment when you realize you still haven't gotten your #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket...
Thanks Angela! We will reply to your email in a moment also! :-)
Merci pour le tweet de c'est page. l'article est très intéressant! Lol.
So many creepy ppl
Its fucked up.
I suspect it is factually incorrect.. You are many things, but that is not one of them.
Dr. Benjamin Carson is delivering the commencement address for Emory University
No. Mass was at 8:30am. He did tour the school with me yesterday though.
First dinner with my roommates. All of them are nice people. Start groovy learning then...
Reeboks Classics are back, huh?
I'm always representing!
Transit in Welland County Leads the Way for People with Physical and Mental Disabilities! How does your city fair in comparison?
Hospitality & Here We Go Magic. Should be kind of a laid back show. But if nothing else you could come drink, use a free ticket.
David: So far so good! I think we'll get a better idea of the totals a little later this morning.
Newsletter: Citywide Home Values and Sales Increase In Second Quarter – Reported by Real Estate Board of New York
I'm a big fan of the word brilliant.
I'm really starting to miss austins Ustreams.
Who is going to Penn Quarter tonight for TNT?
is this the one with Nana Visitor
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!5
where are you? what kind of fried pickles? I almost barfed at the ones I just had. (side note: there's only one state for me.)
Everybody hates Caroline day
Part 2 of my Deconstructing DeMaio series on the money... "Like Shooting Fish in a Barrel".. up shortly
wake up clown
Mens responsibilities: Work Womens responsibilties: Too many to tweet
Graduation practice in the AM and the real thing on Monday #countdown #cray 🎉🎓🎈
Good job on snapping the photo. I always forget to turn the sound off of the camera. I think it's a funny sound to have still.
I love the occasional dreary Sunday. Perfect day for a movie marathon
Hail is coming down in Anderson Township, Cincinnati, OH
sure!!! just tell me where...:0P
I fully embrace the slow coding movement; ApplePy, for example, was only worked on in 2001, 2007 and 2011
Thanks & Really enjoy working with you guys cc/
coach our site is free for you players to post highlight tapes and photos for free. They can get more exposure today
I can't stop listening to your sexy voice! 😍😘 (and btw, I think #boyfriend is a hit!!)
when I did that exercise with Eisner in 2005, "give a zero, get a zero" stick was amazingly effective pedagogy
Likewise! I'll be out running around town wednesday if you feel like grabbing a beer.
it's definitely not Jerryd Bayless
"The good... it's bigger... than the bad." -- Things said ON #Smash that no one has ever said ABOUT
Tonight in sports is brought to you by the words: Chris Kreider.
election day woooooooosh!
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow? We'll be @ The Center from 9:00am-3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
Whole lotta in that there message.
Good luck in camp man!
I did follow her
thanks for the promo!
damn what do I watch..#Yankees classic ..#Knicks..or #Syracuse?
Hey guys-How did it go this week end?We were thinking of you.Thanks for your support.It was great to see you again.Go well
Tune into broadcast of LOBBY HERO tonight @ 8 pm!
Just got another consult request for a legal question I already said I can't answer. What part of 'I do diseases, not law' isn't clear?
the address should be on facebook!
Scored! Parking spot right in front of softball field.....watching game in warm car!
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys! <3 ya !!
It's my year! No really it is...the year of the dragon. It's only the 3rd & things are shaping up nicely.
RT : Educators talk about kids not paying attention & not focusing; what are we doing to keep them interested & focused;...
Want to know what you treasures are worth? You can find out at Ridgefield 50th ... - HamletHub
what was the verdict of the Twitter vote on beards?
how can you make it so that I can follow any one I want and as many people that I want????? Help please!
Bingaman: #CESbill will not cost the Govt $, nor will it be used to raise Govt revenues.
Go Patsos!! RT : Jimmy Patsos and Loyola Maryland heading to the Tourney. Most charismatic coach ever.
for real! I liked it a lot. Now on to The Three Stooges lol..
Today is going to be even nicer than yesterday. I see a nice walk in my immediate future.
Heyday big band gig tonight playing the old standards + a mix of contemporary stuff - Quincy, Foster. Band locked in on 3rd set. Yea!
I am not completely sure of your question. Botox is regularly used to treat a number of issues regarding the facial muscles
- Whoa! Genius idea. Cheese party / rock concert / AWESOME new band name!
what is the point of war?
Im not sure anyone can say Romney targets disabled & Autism, but let's see records in Florida Bar if Rubio ever opposed the abuses
when talking bout The Jamin Olivencia I talk about both... The best there is, best there was, and best there ever will be!
Database management is biggest key
you not going to make it
hi back! How are you??
they wasn't there to take pics with freeway. they were there to take pics with jay...
thanks so much for all you did to bring to #smbmad. Excellent!!! I'm wondering where to download the presentation?
Holy fuck and three quarters, she's right. RT : my background > your life
Congrats to who got a grant this week from the Elizabeth F. Cheney Foundation. Yay!
streaming video from Tucson and Florida much better than Carolina cup
Little girls out here looking like grown women and old women out here looking like teenagers.
“: Filling out forms for graduation #libraryschool #almostfinished” Yay!! So exciting!!
Tomorrow is my parents' 50th wedding anniversary. Wow! Ordered flowers to be sent to the restaurant where they'll be having dinner.
Yes! Go Skins!
unsurprisingly, i'm a lot more likely to keep to my office hours when they involve holding them at Panera around dinner time.
I'm beyond pissed... This pisses me off so much!!!
took you half a day to go from Dulles to Herndon???
Would love to hear what you think about the new Iphone 4s debut. #Erik #Brown #Homes, #Remax Results
How's that shopping cart?
I posted one of the best movie clips spouting off about #bacon on our FB page. I think you will dig it.
Had a really shitty day :( I wish would make me feel better. I feel like going and jumping off a damn bridge!! </3 no1 wud care
that is true.
lmfao im exaggerating about the single for life part but yeah i was since ever since i was born lolol
Sounds good. Thanks for the input! If we do set up an account, we'll let you know.
: #awfulsupergroups ... Excellent. My favorite so far? Rick James Taylor.
not that I'm aware of.
9 to 5 / day in out / months years decades / working for the boss / life hanging by a thread / of the dread / of a pink slip. Arya-Holmes.
Mad Thursdays @ O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best Drink specials. Best Party. Beer Bar hosted by From 10-11.Get There Early!
Shooting over four hours of new footage today : D
hope it gets the funding! congrats on your own recent successes too, looking forward to checking out
I used to use Hadoop in a number of different ways, including building Solr indexes.
Wow! is working on a project that includes history of funding of Sleepy Hollow. I can see my house from here...
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
JUSTIN BIEBER SUCKS ROBODICK!
Kevin Hart <3
You'd be amazed- Adobe customer service actually *hung up* on my friend Chris, who waited on hold for help for over 700 minutes.
Thanks for the CNN piece.
U need an achor in life. I call Him Jesus. He'll hold u down durin storms, He can speak to the waters "Peace be still." He'll get u thru.
HA! You are fully capable of doing both - and tweeting at the same time. Carry on.
he was my first hour teacher my freshman year
We drew hearts there in the sand Laughed when waves erased our plans No, we never knew But they told the truth
#Mythbusters can't wait for new episodes!
how was the marathon?
I'll take three in a roll. Just put ir in a cab to Dorchester. Thanks in advance Tanya.
Good call on selecting not to have your LinkedIn post your tweet stream
Dentist appointment; No school today; Sad face; Missing my boy; I love you David Michael Lucas; 10.29.10 <3
Young woman on Mobbed looks like a female first plastic surgery Michael Jackson sans le surgery. Attractive.
Getting ready to make some X-mas ponytail holders. Don't forget to check me out in Facebook!
Gonna start this year off Right! JTP Taking over all Radio stations, News centers, all Venues and last but not least. The Universe! Jo-Wayne
IT'S ALL GOOD WILL DO THAT TOGETHER THERE
I just want to go back to bed. Under the covers.
#heat are ice cold and can't buy a foul. #Beantown means no fouls for opponents.
thanks for the mention - we're excited too!
May I please get at least 200 followers :-)
WHIT! What team are you on! WHAT.
Note to Self: Try not communicating with people who have office jobs. Apparently, they all hate it. Wait till they are home.
Is it Friday yet?
What a beautiful day !
And... do you plan on going to games in April and October if you live Rochester or Winona?? Close the roof?
Got destroyed.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable ~ Zig Ziglar
GRN has moved to Keller Williams Sonoran Living. Ryan Secrist and the KW Leaders want to be grow WITH GRN and the SW Section PGA!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat won’t watch #TheNotebook. That’s what I do like half of my Friday nights a year.
Sitting in on session about "Envisioning the Future of Public History Education and Training."
Dear Kiss 100 you do realize there are more than just 9 songs in the world, right?
Just took a class this week with Caroline Wampole () -- nice to paint around other artists for a change.
I'm here and following you ! (Leave the Yankees home)
Atta way!! Just like last round the #Caps have split the opening two, back to DC!
Humm talk about a good nap.!!
Haha I love #20! ;) "20 Things PR Clients Should Know" via
Christmas is one week from today?! Wow, I really need to get on it.
I'm late Delite But thank you
NO. WAY. At least you could see it coming at night?
life is just a stage
what HO brah hope the Monday went good
#tribe has now played 27 innings in first two games, time to win one!
"Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records." William A. Ward
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. -Einstein
Holiday & social events can be overwhelming 4 kids with autism. Pls. be patient with us. Happy Easter!
going to Maggiano's in Kenwood. Good luck this year, looking forward to Opening Day!
Cool! I'll let you know when we hit the spot then!
Stocks Sink After Jobs Data
I know what the dress code for our future happy hour is going to be. Pleats please!
My excuse is that I'm young.
Some days I feel broke inside, But I wont admit it.
are you gonna be home today?! I want Rita's lolol
loved you in that new vagisil commercial. You were excellent!!
You are cool, Mex room ate.
": if you dont get your non-singin ass out my ear !"Lmao who in yo ear?
I did, in fact, write my thesis on homestays. I would be glad to answer any questions you might have.
Read The Harbinger The Ancient Mystery That Holds The Secret Of America's Future by Jonathan Cahn & Listen to NM News & Views, Thursday 4:30
well my grandfather was the nicest one the whole time. I got this imprint ring, money, and this gifts cards for clothes.
Broke a promise tonight.
Sounds like you've got yourself a
People make mistakes. People fight. But all's I know is, I love these people :
Mashable launches #Events Board so U can learn about upcoming events anywhere. Planners can list events 4 broader...
is the sexiest man alive
hm...what kind of Donuts Mr. Pope? Any sound good! :)
I know. #iamababytoo. Early bedtime. :-) good night.
What a beautiful thing that will be! =D
aight cool im down
I hate my phone right now.
Liam Middlebrook, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
great talk brudda! Loving the News Hub!
that new theraflu stupid!!
I don't need a man I'm doing everything a man would do by myself ! ;)
Thank you for the #FF. The Mariner content on Sodo Mojo is outstanding. Go #Mariners!
I am so ready for the 4th of July. Im gonna eat all day. :-)
Congrats you are 1 of our winners! Please send your info to & we will get your coupon in the mail!
yo how you holdin up in Memphis? I see y'all swimming to work!
Greg's Rubdown LLC ( dba Palm Springs Massage Therapy) is offering 20% discount to Diversity Platinum members!!!
Black Mamba bout to eat some kung pao for dinna!
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating,
my darling bestie, are you able to rent cars in different places? Like puerto Rico?
Sure thing music video was just released go watch it
Me to will get me one! (:
Anyone else having issues with Couchsurfing board post emails coming late, poorly formatted?
What do you have to do for the M&G's?
thank you for following! :-)
Good night, Ms. Ostrom. Sleep well. Sweet dreams, baby.
RT : : Philanthropy ought to "roar like lions and not purr like kittens"
Things are starting to heat up outside… Let us cook for you, so you don't have to put your oven on at home.
the name John Stamos...t just popped into my head
Vegas leagues seem all the rage right now. Have you been in one? Would you like a league where you go to Vegas at the end?
You died.
Hell no.
Spread the word about our Free App for iPhone & Android! We're trying to help actors!
FYI the music biz is 20% talent and 80% hustle.its a business not a game!so get your hustle on and network..its the ONLY WAY..make a BRAND!!
That said, I tend to hack on for hierarchical translation models these days.
To represent the East in the Finals on Mike and Mike
RT Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie. Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber. Yummers!
Have fun on the internet check out THE EROTIC .com membership is free. come vote for your favorite lady
I think Ron Paul is a crazy person. He should go live in the woods. Airlines should be in charge of security? Right.
don't die :( feel better!
Finally starting to fall asleep. :)
shit mines two still dinking over here!!
#myOpinion When i say #Filthy i use the term as Dope, or hella tight
And its hurts but I guess its for the better .
Welcome back!
Good night twitter peeps(: <3
RT Shorter #GOP: You lazy bastards should go get a job! Unless you're #gay. If you're gay, you're fired!
happy christmas
Yeah, interesting and sad is right! There have been so many changes. So strange to watch unfold.
What happens if u "like" a post twice via mobile texting? does it toggle back to "unlike" status or just stay in "like" status?
oh no! That's not good! Call 911! Lol :)
I hear the talk, we will see if yall can back it up tomorrow! The #streak tomorrow is going to be a blast! Boom
yes it was a cereal and milk kind of morning!!!
Remote meeting functionality is included in PowerPoint. Not surprisingly, MS will host the meeting. Voice isn't supported.
Dogs, chickens, crackheads, homeless people, and hipsters. Yep it's #EaDo #Houston warehouse living has a price
Dont like the Bulls, Dont like the Heat, Dont like the NBA, Dont care!
RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called "Mario Speedwagon"
A nap would probably be the only way to get this shit off my mind anyway
thank you for the RT mention :) Have a great weekend :)
Hey happy birthday!
you 2 ma!
Nah, if he had to I think he would. Lol. Which um....he might have to at the rate this thing with Ricky is going.
I betchya knows some museum people who may be interested...what are you doing? sounds interesting
It's not a birthday, it's a life anniversary. Celebrate the life of others, like it's your own.
I hope that 2012 is the year that native desktop apps make a comeback. I am so tired of web apps.
New England, 3; New York 9
I love it when an old friend calls out of the blue with a great idea. #WOOT!
"Time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in but they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in.."
#areyouseriousbro like #GTFO of my face… [°×°]
lol I don't need you to, I was just saying lil dude
Soo frigging sleepy
“ “ I put u on my christmas list so for christmas my present can be sum christmas d*ck ..lol””
Thanks for the Friday mention. ^dy
and SInging together?? 2 words... HELL YEA <333
Great article to forward to your pool of sellers, especially those whose properties have been languishing on the market......
right on bro....you're not alone. Well, you are lol...but so am I ;)
I'm so sorry we won't be there! We are spending the day playing tour guide with an East Coast friend.
That makes the 2 of us
Which might raise the question: Can this fellow teach anything without referring to Herzog? Answer: Certainly not.
The subway is an important project for the whole region. Make it safe, and build it quick. More than just BH issue
how has your weekend been, adventurous I'm sure
I accidentally sprayed cologne on myself---now I'm turned and feel handsome.
Happy new year! Health, happiness, and success to everyone in 2012!
I locked myself out of my apartment. Eventually, it isn't even a shock anymore.
Happy Birthday!!! :)
If you havent eaten at Ezele's chicken you don't know what greatness is
Tried Fruit Punch water. Can't say I'm a fan. Vitamins, after mixed in water, give a powdered texture that stays on tongue.
#ThingsImThankfulFor is my family and mindless behavior
i get distracted but im ok
Make progress on student feedback, check. Submit NEH proposal, check. Department meeting, check.
thank so much, we are in touch with Katherine now!
Porcelain comes in many different styles and finding one that will suit your needs won't be hard.
#sincemittsbeengone is another bullsh*t twitter attempt by
blah blah blah bligity blah...
nope. But you were complimenting me like mad so I had to ask if I know you lol.
Yay!! Updating my Resume
happy valentines day fuckers ; ]
We lost one Jorge...... Are you going to be switching over to the dark side anytime soon? LOL
good and you sir?
Great high school transition meeting today! Technology, i.e., Dragon and Kurtzweil Reader are big bridges for access to a regular education.
I picked to click
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you see me rolling down the street in a Monster Truck
GM Marketing really needs a new commercial idea ... i have a good idea & you can have it! let's talk. 11012
I think should follow me
There's a short line building at the flash Apple store downtown. People want their new iPads.
wondering if anyone would be willing to send us autographed items for our elementary school fundraiser without us having to pay for them...
- it's Ben BTW
will you please please follow <3
Thinking about a flik, where a guy gets to go back in time & change things to get this model girl & be luckiest guy alive.
Kid Rock and the ! And it's a fundraiser for the DSO! I fully support!
I know, I can't believe I still have the book or that it was useful! Ann, remember our project?
I hate texting you first . it feels like I'm bothering you ... /:
I need to learn Portuguese ❤❤
smokey mountains? are you guys coming to Atlanta? your so close!
Posting your work on our blog is one more way we wish to help artists spread their name. We love to see artists grow, so please send images!
typographic rule, I believe.
be strong
He reached down from on high and took hold of me. He drew me out of deep waters. Psalms 18:16,
umm that's hot? lmaoooo RT : My butt feels bigger. In a good way. Like I've got more thrusting power.
MY MAN, that's the way to do it! tell me more about the device. My waste needs some help
sans Derrick Rose
ah....... tomorrow is monday, wish the weekend was alittle longer!!
Cloudy & cooler after Thunder & Rain...TX Weather in PHX!! Can't wait to play in Austin next weekend! #HookEm !!
#iWishYouKnew How much a simple reply can mean -___-
Got the very "interesting" couple here at saint danes,hah
but I want to go right now ;(
What is up with romneys wifes roots
lol! Shut up!
I do not generally play online multiplayer games, and I ignore the FPS genre as a whole. =/
You're invited to add one of your videos to our site; will give you additional exposure for your singing.
every 1 follow please than reply santana :to get a s/o and follow back!!!
I heard that also!!
I'd give you one except I need them all.. sorry
Ook! If I didn't text you back the first 3times what make u think ima reply the 4th & 5th time ?!
Thanks for the City of Raleigh Environmental Awards RTs and mentions
i texted the number! Please follow.me :*
lookin pretty sexy out there.
Failed to drink enough to ease the pain of the winged cattle car
The person you take for granted today, could very well be the person you miss terribly tomorrow.
Dr Joel Cler did my cuff, now it's better than my dominant side. it's painful post op. Take the implanted pain pump. Good Luck
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout W
Ok, I am now hooked on
Thanks for watching & tweeting ! We have more great artists like coming your way! Stay tuned & happy watching :)
Why does the Toyota Prius commercial look like an Old Navy one? I feel like I need to buy khakis and not a car.
"Greed and patience don't live together very well." --Keith Jackson, ABC Sports broadcaster
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE ITS AMAZING. ILY<3
thank you son son :))
Sure. :-) We wouldn't be practicing what we preach if we didn't turn a critical eye back onto ourselves.
Discount tires! Great warranty and less than half of what you were quoted.
Stopping by a Girl Scouts event & then having a Girls Night Out with my best friends at World of Beer for dinner
Obama’s March Madness Bracket Is Probably Better Than Yours
Happy Birthday! Hope your day is filled with good food and fine wine!
I've been great as well, hot AF out here... But other than that, i'm coolin
cant wait to go to the movies later to see think like a man wit and others should be fun ;)
yes, they get pretty big. So adorable when they're babies. Looks as tho they can get attached to humans, too.
Fri Entree Special:Black Mouth Chunook Salmon on a bed of Bourbon Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Pecan Relish & Apricot Mustard Butter Sauce
Studying on a friday afternoon.
Naw naw when I said that I meant that I was havin alil problem with a friend.
Making fun of some one else isn't going to make you any skinnier, prettier, or better.
Okay so this Guy his name is Josh and he works at the bowling ally and I swear he was flirting with me and . . . .
Not easy for me, but learning to appreciate today's quote of the day: "When nothing is sure, everything is possible." ~Margaret Drabble
Tournament Extravaganza August 6th!
Sorry guys my twitter got hacked
#followme to the bank!
"Commit your works to the Lord, and your thoughts shall be established."-Proverbs 16:3. <3
As a PA I spend most of my day grocery shopping and cleaning and I get paid less than everyone else. I'm sorta like a woman in the 1950s.
Fakers might get swept in the second round 2 yrs in a row,i sure will be laughing if that happens
Government, national or State, has never yet provided suitably for the education of women. (1856)
NBA Playoffs. ..enough said
My boy and the Mavs beat down #Lebrick and the bitches ! Come back of a lifetime !!!!
doesn't look good
I love how screams ♥
WEEKLY REVIEW: Change of Command , among guests: Councilwoman MP Clarke, Councilman Bill Henry
was it hard? Lol
Our focus is on helping parents help their children reach their potential and participate in family, school and community activities.
At Union Station's #NationalTrainDay, I saw several vintage locomotives and passenger cars including an E7 and Pullman coaches.
happy mothers day!!
Thanks goodness girl! I was worried about you! Continue with your crazy water intake. Good luck with the train ride!
Hey tweeps. Hope you all had a good one out there in library and writing land.
I want to meet "Peggy" from the Discover Card commercials...
yes, what kind of design you are looking .. any reference. very colorful or simple ..
Happy birthday to my brother and best friend, !
A real man isnt ashamed to kiss his girl in public, brag about the queen that she is & love her like she's never been loved before..
Copland was fantastic! You're right, too. I'm learning to appreciate and respect him.
RT“ I Don't Remember The Last Time I Did Homework. Smh oh well”
hey my Sleezy!
Lion King Lear
It's ok we win some we lose some but we live to fight another day :) forever
Napoleon dynamite cartoon this January, sweet
I can't wait to get the iphone tomorrow ♥ ♥ ♥ #birthday!
also depends on role on service; rare but sometimes resident is more of an extra & so no one may need to replace
You were rad! I'm so glad I went!
I think i love
we saw your tweet & liked your FB :-)
what you do best!!! Songwriting that is :) Can't wait to hear!!! Would love to see what your gonna blow up tonight:) Awesome
yea, that's a no no!
My student's increasingly use the term "the late-1900s", which, for them, refers to the period between 1980-1999. We've entered a new era.
Thanks for the follow ;)
Happy hump day to0o all... I love you all...keep warm to
that's..that's just uncanny.
When i miss you maybe i just look at your photo ! :/
I'm not gonna tell y'all how many times I have listened to Josh's version of "This is a mans world" this week.
About to go get Biden'd.
A new chapter is about to begin with change reshaping familiar terrain. Anticipation at every level and blessed in every way.
After your late local news and David Letterman and Craig Ferguson its the Masters, then "One shining moment"...
And that's a wrap, folks! Big thanks to and A.D. for the video help!
Bassnectar, Pretty Lights and Ratatat all killed it last night...energy at nectar was unreal
Edson Pride feat. Cyon flare -Free your body part 2 the Tony Moran remix is #2 on master beat top sellers list. Amazing!
New block of ISBNs, you're mine.
HBO Casting Call for Treme
Just had breakfast at Daniel's with :) Love their porkchops!! m!
HEY HOMIE G
You won't believe this, but I just figured out why they named a record store, Licorice Pizza lol.
Reading the rants of the Salty Droid. He totally bitch slaps some of the big time IM gurus. True or not, his rants are fun to read.
lol I was actually just about to reply to your email :p
an intense but short lived snow shower associated with a cold frontal passage. Enjoy it!
if it's a kid, absolutely! Nominate them to run for free!
Still a great little book: The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier
email us if you have not received please. we will help! :>)
I've had some pretty awesome dreams lately. Last night I was on a mission to find a machete during some zombie decapitating adventures.
wtf is wrong with George Zimmerman.go to prison and stay there
#Pixar (1): "The Good Dinosaur", set for 2014. Premise: What if that asteroid missed the Earth and giant dinosaurs never became extinct?
Penguins of Madagascar Christmas was so cute and funny!
Who watched the #Orioles game on MASN? Shout out?
": your cover of Bruno Mar's "It Will Rain" is beautiful! True talent girl! #newfan" thank you! glad you like it!
hi Simone-what's up?
I feel like shit...
No practice means I'm going to the weight room
At Beauty of the Week search in ATL. Great turn out! We're til 3pm. Come to the Bailey Agency.
not to me homie!
I just wanna party
In "Dancing Nerves and Etherial Energies" panel.
game. Awesome seats. Thanks to Michelle Wiz for the invite. Go Bulls!!
kush in tha swisher, money over bitches.
Thanks Megan! It's so much fun to watch her grow up and discover new things:) Hope you're doing well!
i miss u mother!!""
Had a great time at the game night, even though I lost at Catan. Thanks for getting all the geeks and gamers together!
Hello Alaba follow me This is Kenneth Hall...How u doin
No I had went to bed just checked it out thanks!!
thanks for the #txla13 info u sent to tlc 2day. And BTW-love the c. kennedy quote on your signature!
I did an lot of acid so I barely notice that side effect. I just found that anti-depressants made depression worse
It's almost time for #ALA11 - Be sure to visit us at booth #2239!
yes, please come next time!!
I fuckn hate school
lol nahh ur only 20 u still got a lot of life left ahead of you.
Guess its time to find a new job before I strangle my boss... Punk ass can't expect to pay me shit for running his business... Fucking punk
hell Yeah!
Dear - promising next day delivery and then delivering a week later is
Any dope beats out there email us at
WAS I UNDER A ROCK omg...
#HIMYM ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!
When people believe your stupidist lies
We can't privatize and deregulate our way out of every problem. Only a government ageny, answerable to the people, should operate prisons.
watching my favorite ginger perform on SXSW tonight yeah buddy!
That good kinda crazy. <3
Thank you to everyone making #STRAIN possible!
"But by some miracle, I've just got away with it - I've clawed it back. I'm crawling back again." ::philip selway::by some miracle::
Go see 's Invisible Man this Fri or Sat cause they're awesome & did the poster illustration! :-)
I'm following you. No, seriously don't look back.
your so strange lol
Hiwever, If any politicians get on the plane with me to Nome this weekend, I'm running off screaming...
Me too girl. I'm like, what can I do? At this late hour I need to be sleep. Smh. I'm "Weak"
I Am Young Godess!!!
: yeah man!!! So refreshing!! Great contrast from pre workout chicken burritos.
address please...lol
sweet!!! Any big boy size?
lost 3 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 10 pounds so far.
Welcome back 8 hours of sleep. I have missed you all week
Saw Mystere with my man. i didnt see you.. Saw everyone else. You didn't go?
If you are a lady, go to Vitucci's tonight for FREE DRINKS! Doesn't get any cheaper than that! 1832 E North Ave
It's madness I tell you
Who would have thought that the United States of America would hire mercenaries costing billions of dollars? I missed it!
hey how do i get one of those exclusive shout outs? :)
“: Carl Beane, Fenway Park's public address announcer, was killed in a car accident today: Well that sucks. Loved that guys voice.
Doing a major cleanage on my room.
Who's in the mood for a nice long run?
how much you pay month ? plus tax ?
spook dem ghosts! Lotsa time left.
Schucky Ducky...quack quack.
First time i've used my beats in like a month.
The perfect end to 2 long hard days working toward UAT... a tall glass of milk and some Lorna Doones. Now just waiting for defects ... sigh
I dig your night shots.
When: This Thursday at 9am. Where: Your office. What: Coffee Bomb. Who wants it?
Great to hear. We can't wait. See you in NOLA! RT is so excited to check out the show in New Orleans this year!
How do you like using ?
going to pour out a 40 of hurricane in honor of my girl irene
Do right by others who do right by you..
Warren Buffett Discloses Prostate Cancer Diagnosis
changed my name :) im gunna start doing imagines soon
I love you stay strong babe. #RIPBraytonBaker ❤
Standing in rain at Share waiting on carry on bag.
OMG! And I'll bet Hell-Yeah-Relyea's BFFs are still sitting at the bar.
About a month until Summer break. Extremely excited!
I mean its AWESOME ! lmao but im afraid i might have trouble making friends :/ and imma have to leave behind my bestfriends <l3
I have one sore spot on the top of my head where my bun always sits.
Welcome back! Good luck on your first day of the summer term!
Let's try this again. Anyone know when #Loyola is back in session?
good grief!
Love it! : On similar idea, am sending 3 sketchbooks / scrapbooks around world, visiting 10+ class
Dang. I'm celebrating MY Friday off at the dentist. Yours sounds more exciting.
Who said I was leavin TRILL?.... Damn Lie!!!!!
V-necks
Sausage sauce ingredients are cooking like in the bottom of the 9th with two runners on.
Its flippin' 12at night and there's 10 year olds still playing outside -__- #GoToYourDamnBed!!
I saw you last year at the concert ! November 16th!
moe Monday's
Anyone out there celebrating #EarthDay? We already got all our #email out of the way.
lmao that's the only thing she said was true I'm the boss
I'm graduating this Saturday and am so unemployed. So my plans are literally up in the air of where I will be. @
Thank you!
Amber Heard is such a babe !
i heard its amazing!
is that racist?
So , so I get this; $400mm of taxpayer $ for your stadium is ok, but you object to how a privately built arena affects city budget?
i still have to do an essay, and a worksheet, and a math homework.. where am i? STILL HERE IN OC... ugh, i wanna go home.
ok. I'll read it and reply dear : )
3FreeMarkets spread slavery of consumers and workers wealth slaves the mind of the wealthy, nations are not wealthy only a few
scores in the first half and holds on for a 1-0 win. Hall makes many great saves in the last minutes. Go Orange!
lol you're very welcome :)
My #FridayReads pick is "Neverwhere" by Neil Gaiman. I started reading it a while ago but had to return it... glad I get to finish it now!
hell yeah! Size 10 All day 😉💋
Sopa and Pipa are bad bills. They need a rewrite to fix due process and other flaws. vote them down
More ice, I thought we were on our way to spring! When will spring come? When will you be out enjoying your lawn for the first time in 2011?
umn? What lets pop bottles :)
lol...no I don't. I do have some room in the bag I have.
that baby is now your main priority..just as it should be..
Wow! Deep Powder is one of my favorites! Thanks!
i don't think quiet toys exist
How did I miss "Game of Thrones" on HBO? Just watched a few episodes on demand and am hooked!
Yeah ask them
Mother Nature is moody... cold & raining today. Yesterday, humid & warm. Still, love the beginnings & all things summer :)
still learning the ropes!
Recognize sources of asbestos exposure and identify controls to eliminate asbestos exposure hazards.
I thought the Hunger Games was about eating peasants
#whycantyoujust understand that i don't want your black ugly ass like you just make want to throw up you digust me
w/ Jalapeño's?!
Ronald McDonald talked to the students about the importance of reading and going to the library. When you read a book anything is possible.
Just submitted a pitch to #GenArtFilmFest to make a movie conquering the status quo. #FingersCrossed!!
Taylor: Cambridge working with OCLC Research, will investigate linking the bib data to FAST and VIAF; identify issues
get a disturbing # of blog hits on my book reviews from people looking for crib notes. Read the damn book yourself!
It will just fall apart again “: #ireallywant things to go back to the way we were a few months ago before this all fell apart.”
HEY!! Boo!
that should be your club positioning statement
I'm just wondering how these NATO protestors have the money to fly into our city and protest.
At work till ten then nothing
I cant wait for this pollo frito (fried chicken) m
Realist Nigga I Ever Heard Spit In my Life Heard Stepbrother mixtape and then did research and became a fan ever since
If you ruin my plans for today. I will end you.
You Voted, WE WON! Panel "Brand Recognition vs Killer Content" @ #IWNY 5/17. WOW
Hey how about them Owls getting to the league !!! Keep it up squad...
I'M so happily because you tweet me with news for iPAD3.
Titanic at 100 on History channel
Aang's son and Toph's daughter. haha i find that funny
TY for featuring my blog today!
#onlyskinnyppl fall scape they self and not bleed cuz y'all dry as shit about to check
bet it
if the NBA doesn't raise their age limit for the draft, do you see them putting more effort n2 expanding the NBDL like MLB.
Bruce Sterling: design thinking suffers from Stockholm syndrome - too much empathy
If I won the lottery I would buy a lot of land in the country and finally give a farm full of dogs.
Hey no problem!! Thank you for the love and inspiration ;)
Our backgrounds & Circumstances may influence who we are, But we are responsible for who we BECOME."
"Cash can buy, but it takes enthusiasm to sell."
pecially when they drank
I vote for Savannah!
don't tweet it, yell it
i did reply back
ALSO, while I'm on twitter...please check out www.lombardistreet.com. It's a web series I'm cast in & an amazing site all around :)
You are doing a great job under terrible circumstances. Keep up the good work, and hang in there. We are all here to help!
I actally was yesterday! I was like "oh" and I started laughing. See?! I care<3
FDA says providing guidance on social media "not easy": Thomas Abrams
I will be setting up at Tejon Not sure what today's special will be? Rice Crispy treats $1 How about a Veal Brat? Come and get some sausage
is part of the request not sent or is it all aborted??
did u see the assassins creed trailer! It's beautiful.
be there tomorrow😊
On a boar
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
funny how our plans/time frame dont always match up with His isnt it? Hes got it under control sir, you just keep on keepin on!
RT : The moment of truth has come: asks what are the issues with using BHL. But I'm not using BHL.
Ctfup bitch if you gonna tlk shit get the fucking story straight i broke up wit him then they wnt out name ya bf or ya friend o.O o !
We can describe Eminem as Academy Award winner Marshall Mathers💚👍
Get up, get out, and get something!!
Thanx god for everything <33333 thing start getting better!!
I didn't get a DM:o
Was I the only one that picked up two bags of trash off the streets of Detroit today? Probably but it's Earth Day.
omg, this is hilarious! I cracked up at work when I saw this, and then had to share to explain my outburst. Reaction = excellent
and there and their haha. Can't stand that! Oh wait and sale and sell
We strongly support the bill, just oppose the potential fee-for-service amendment
word when's that starting?
You can look up for help, or down for discouragement, But if you look next to you I'll always be there by ur side!
IM RICH BITCH!!;D
hey, I love PTV. No lie. Haha.
My coach "DONT SAY SORRY, SAY YOU WILL FIX IT!" 'me- ok coach im sorry
RT I know it's the Big Ten, but ... Is it really possible that Wisconsin has 20 points in 24 minutes against Illinois?
Lol! Funny bc someone is prob thinking the sane for u!! Jk bro! Whats new? RT : Some people need to learn to shut the fuck up !
looks like a meal from here !!
Surely you can't be serious... that's amazing
Its fucked up that I can remember pornstars names, but not my moms birthday
Tonight on , Tavis talks with Wisconsin's own At 5PM on MPTV 36.
6x6=too much!!
I'm so sorry haha.
Shout out to my #castle tweephearts you guys are amazing chase your dreams :) ,
people can't give away their all star game tickets yet we couldn't get into the Oregon Auburn game for under $500
I like to call that "center of the universe."
.: The failed to complete a 2011 annual report despite being obligated to under its contract with the city.
Had no school today but back tomorrow...:( i really don't want to go...
Next up SB89 creation science
Yw! Really enjoyed it!
l do NOT wanna go to old country buffet.
follow back..?
I'm gay and that's the way I will stay. ;)
Confession14:i dont like girl with ugly laughs
I guess we know who the true #BestFansInHockey are!
Thanks for the RTs, Shoutouts and Mentions:
Can someone tell that Vandy still sucks?
Congrats to A wonderfully classy way to act after a PERFECT GAME. Good for you, Phil... er, Mr. Humber.
I want I want!! RT Got our hands on a few signed copies of The Stranger's Child by Alan Hollinghurst. Time for a giveaway!
u can get anything even my arms well i need those
Welcome to twitter! Follow them for great deals in the cross plains, wi/Madison area!! Social Inbox Corp blowing up!
People respond to people, not paper. Don't just build your resume--network
i havent played 2k in a min it feel good
Paid? That is tough. DM your email and I'll send you sites to check.
if only you saw what I could see you'd understand why I want you so desperately <333
Buffett: would settle for deal in $10 bln range
I do this all the time. Such wasted time #lol RT : Hate it when I'm watching commericals only to realize I watching a DVR'd show
We've actually gone through the entire decks for the Trivial Pursuit games we have. I never remember the answers to repeats.
Your ratio of sister love hashtags compared to brotherly love hashtags is lame.
m Montmartre is really good. I'd also recommend Senart's and Cava. Le Pain Quotiden is also good & Lavagna has unlimited drinks
Don't u just feel like telling a bitch to shut the fuk up?... I do all the time..
WTF?!? WHEN DID THIS BECOME A DATE?!?!
Thanks, Uptin! Really appreciate that. We'd love to show you / MTV a full demo in a couple months.
got dat racks
Is the end nigh? 1 in 7 think so
#FridayReads is still THE SHIRT ON HIS BACK by Love Ben January & friends, tho the Western setting was a bit tough at first
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how amazing he is <3
Come and enjoy a fresh deluxe burrito at Paco's today!
Thank you for #FF :)
getting the heck out of hades and headed to rim country for the day! Its too hot here!
Almost got everything packed to move.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings
Sancerre is one of my favorite wines in the world! Makes me thirsty just thinking about it . . .
I know /: I'm so mad right now! D:< waaaah, i just wanna throw marshmallows at the producers! ahah
Listening to lay it down with As The Fallen Rise.
You keep settling for less. When will you learn?!
So excited that is in town! Nice to see friends.
“: Alex Ovechkin's goal assisted by Nicklas Backstrom. #CapsBruins #CapsPlayoffs” come on Caps. end series today!!
It's close. It's real close.
March is a big month for me. Finals, moving, and new roommate. One day at a time, right?
I'd like to come off of your list. It's creepy and I DO NOT CARE who unfollows me.
Lol! Yeah it has!“: well, that train has already left the station!”
20 years ago, I did both. One right after the other. RT : Twenty years ago I closed bars. Now I open breakfast joints.
All the salt in the world couldn't melt that ice.
Um done wit yall
One writing project off, and now, to conquer my backlog of book reviews...and surf the internet :)
#lssc12 gave me crucial message to take back to co I work for. lean gives us the opp to: innovate with *purpose* w/ scientific thinking (2)
is Iguodala replacing Mcnab in this city with throwing his teammates under the bus and dumb comments?
haha! You are too kind!
Pays more attention to DD on DWTS than the downgrade of MKE bond rating. Typical stupidity of
haha. While I wouldn't be so "expressive", I have been with BECU for almost 30 years and agree the writers bottom line. :)
your so handsome, I LOVE YOU
Just picked up a ton of kids books for our Children's Hospital book drive at our holiday event Weds! Bookstores = good for the soul.
client tells me we went to google, sharpfocus photography was on top. we read the reviews and checked the photos...
hm, we must talk then :)
RT : Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Willie Nelson
Can't wait until tomorrow! Viva La Phish!
I'm jealous :P
KU or KENTUCKY?
i dod nothinb cause i forgot my stuff, but they did ladders
Where is the snow coming from??
Kansas is already in the Paul Hewitt zone
awesome! If they set up accounts let everyone know so we can follow them...
Leave & about dating. Its there buisness. They may be good friends they may not, its none ur buisness anyways.
This was his idea. No person would be allowed to accumulate a personal net worth of more than 300 times the average family fortune.
Our graphic designer is working on a new backdrop for the show. We are very excited about the new design. Hope to have it printed this week
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Welcome to all my new followers. I am going to start using Twitter frequently. It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
Nothing personal #Philly #flyers friends, but Go #Pens!
Haha show not that shit nasty
Ran a stop sign...
come find me fagot
Pancakes and bacon. :)
Very interesting but I 100% disagree that "maman" is the way to go. "Mother died today." C'est vrai Camus!
cover isn't shocking, the promotion of Dr. Bill Sears is..(I'll skirt the whole issue of mommy wars)
How do I convert .jpg to .pdf??? Help, somebody...
How was the first experience? Plenty more to come :)
Spaghetti for lunch at Positive Tomorrows! Our students love it - and we love giving them a nutritious meal every day!
Yall don't know basketball..yall just be waiting to talk shit to other teams fans
looks like I'm gonna have to give myself my own early dismissal tomorrow and leave school
This is insane !
Well, at least R is using Chulk here and not a game we were going to win
Mississippi didn't ratify the 13th amendment (abolishing slavery) until 1995! #factoid in "Last Call: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition"
Jane Lynch, Carol Burnett Set for BACKSTAGE AT THE GEFFEN, 6/4 - Broadway World
wheres the sun?? OH THERE IT IS.. finally
Thanks for the Follow. Stuart
As much as you hurt me, why do I keep trying. I'm putting myself through hell.
Thanks for the tweet!
., the vote total at Precinct 12 at 3 p.m. was 181, that's a very slow day.
Christmas every month would be fun but expensive !
#wordonthestreet: the next ep of the Super Frenchie Diaries tv combines , wingsuit, & hot air balloon. Stay Tuned!
Hey!Its my birthday!:]
OBAMA MUST BE DEFEATED, AND POLITICALLY DESTROYED! Somebody dig into his past! Search for evidence of infidelity on either his part,......
-- wish I were there!
I'm either going to Miami or Atlanta for my birthday: who wanna cum???
And John Walsh made a career out of his dead son. Doesn't make him an asshole.
done and done! thx buddy.
I just checked in at Mary Walter Clothing Store (33 W Superior) for the #AllRoverTown dog-friendly scavenger hunt
A Healthy Person’s Guide to Authentic Communication - “Healthy Person’s Guide to Authentic Communication” You are invited to...
That's the most-amazing thing I've ever had tweeted at me.
I think i'm staying home again ..
how long ya stayin
When a pregnant #dog starts to go into labor, just let her be. All you need to do is to make sure that her environment is quiet and calm
Josh what's up on #Dateline tonight? :/
3 lanes have reopened on 270W just east of Sawmill Rd. on NW side of town.
#Celtics just have one personal foul with 5 min left in the first half, shows how much the #Hawks are settling for jumpers
i like your choice is music :)
For those familiar with the Russian superhero Fandorin: in the latest novel, he fights the party of #CrooksAndThieves (via )
Thanks for the cite.
Start the revolution today, love your body.
hahaha... it tastes better when you do that
M m m
YAY! So exciting! Congrats! Enjoy your stay and have a blast!
No lol RT : RT I really hate this iPhone dont run twitter in the background ......time for android
“: "most startups are features, not solutions." #1871chicago panel” troof.
Tom, thanks for the follow. So I gotta ask brother, how do you know you're the 3rd oldest person on Twitter? ;)
He texted back, I am so glad he is fine. I really did get worried. :L
Nigeria’s first-ever World Cup goal & Rashidi Yekini&#39;s five most memorable moments
i'm losing faith..& yet you have so much faith in me.
Hungover though I'm not sure I deserve it.
appreciate it :)
no. i want u to come over :(
why kind of?
I may take you up on this offer.
was your webcast extra sped up a little this week? Looked like it was being filmed with an olde-timey crank-camera.
Ugh I Use To HATE That Class !! -.-
Love your hashtag.
this is the best day of my life!
Grading papers and watching hockey: a roller coaster of emotion.
Fundamentals remain for gold to resume its bull run - CITY A.M.
So... is it cool or nerdy to spend hours browsing twitter? Probably worse to admit it!
EVEN WHEN... I AM... These are the words of FAITH... This world can not stop us from walking on water... Continued next tweet
FREE Pandora Heart Jewelry Box with purchase now through Valentine's Day. Stop in for details.
Hello Yummy.
My mom said I got a suprise for my graduation present. I hope it's an iphone.
Thanks! RT Want to know what's going on in our neighborhood? #FF #ShoutOut to They keep you in the know.
Went to the courts and OD bricked 3700 three pointers and broke my diet and had 8 cheddar burgers at Wendy's what is my life about 😭😭😭😭
What happened to live tweeting Foxfields, ? Fail.
very convenient, but where do privacy concerns enter?
Thank you :)
If halladay didn't covert atleast 50% of Mets fans to Phillies fans tonight, id be shocked.
I really need something to do.... I really need a car!
#Cougars &Cubs #JohnWaite What a Weekend!!! thnx everyone who came out to Fri and Sat! We lurv you guys!
Emal is so clueless on his new iPhone .. Smh
If ravers take over the world.. I swear to God.
Trying to go to the
Although I could not be there this year, I do hope Billy Crystal comes back, he was great!
Tobymac was incredible! Hung out with Noah Henson of Pillar and Rob Ramsey. Camp Electric rules!
he has a Facebook i think. & has a phone
ok I kinda thought that
(2/2) Will the GSU decision provide incentive for unis/libs to get involved in supporting open textbook initiatives?
: hey Mitch, what's the next big project??
The Miami Heat pick up Ronny Turiaf....
This 3 point shooting for #UNC will not hold up. #Kentucky will go on a run to close out the half.
hey girl hey...and yes, I think knowing code at an intermediate level would add so much value to my skill set
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
Who wins the award for worst phone in this years draft..Andrew Luck with the flip phone or Russel Wilson with the cord phone?
“: GOODLUCK” THANK YOU (:
Never be to smart to listen.
everyones high but were up here being fucking stupid then caleb has to come in and say "your about at a 10 you need to bring it down to a 3"
what r the dates?
I know its not yoo birffday, but like can we still go to a male strip club?
can you stole my heart...
RT : Big thanks to the team from for speaking today in Interactive Media. Really enlightening to speak directly...
The new site is coming along very nicely...I'll be able to show you all soon!!
Just cuz u grow up in the hood, dnt mean u have to settle for #Hoodlife ..there are 7 continents to visit, go hard in life or stay miserable
oh that's right lol.. Nursing pays great but you might miss the kids a lot. I did nursing and switched to education. 😊
Two words that should never appear together, let alone be an actual thing. What is this show?
Are you going to post after you serve?
Some roller coasters u should not ride n the front!!!!!!!
for the 200th time this year....trading Kane.
ThankU & Happy Friday!
#BHLib is no longer a pilot project. At some point, we became part of how people do research. Remarks from at
#youknowshestheone when she tolerates your past. Being a vampire gives plenty of time to run up your "number"
I just need to find the right person.
can't wait till summer !
It's official, you're part of the family! RT : - #WldflwrDesigns is on page 57 of the yearbook.
pink varsity sweatpants + sleepytime tea = awesomeness.
I felt useless.
Well then good luck for Sunday!
haha I challenge you! Timholtuk if you dare
I'm up, wide awake. What do you want to talk about today?
Bama and Auburn have wrestling and NASCAR.
You should black light it and look for body fluid stains, then maybe you would feel safer...
Recurrent ear infections and the hearing test is just a precaution. Complained of "chug chug chug" sound last go-round.
You haven't tweeted me in foreverr:( #SadTweet I miss you bestfriend <3
: We are now open for the Ice Skating event tonight. 8:50PM-10:50PM.
No she teaches Lodging Management! :)
I wish I could come to canada just to meet you..and eat subway with you :)
And HASHTAGS #### get it?? Fatass fingers ruined my joke
I hate the people on this bus more than anything.
Only today and tomorrow for you to get a groupon. $15.00 for $7.00.
RT : Workers are making their way to the front door of Red Rock Casino.
Most women dont know shit about sports so i dont even bother debating with them
Trying to follow all the live tweeting at the same time as watching the Oscars made me nauseous. Need them on the same screen.
Yes! I will be representing SD Comms. And I just "highlighted" your panel to attend. Teach me your ways, oh wise one!
Pickup Line: I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
Connecticut man held on $1M bond after allegedly killing father ...
I know right! haha had to do some stuff I was procrastinating on.
Put those St. Patty's day "kiss me I'm Irish" t-shirts away and put on your "kiss the cook" aprons it's Cinco De Mayo fiesta time!
lol. i don't share that with anyone! what did you think?
May 13th . Mother's Day 2012, first swim of the year...
That sounds good...RT : always! RT : I could go for some horchata and a breakfast burrito
they won't have attached yet.
Will turn bullish in Gold at 885.00 and Crude at $37.50. Still bearish for the Yen.
So p. diddy is changing him name to #swag?
heck yeah! Next drawing is Nov 20th, if you've signed up on our website, you're automatically entered.
#replacebandnameswithlesbian is nowhere near as cool as #improvefilmtitlesbyaddinginmypants , as a matter of fact, it's incredibly DUMB!
I've been such an angel though :(
I just want to get my food quickly so I can go to the library and study for my THREE test tomorrow.
On* holy holy. Woah.
When you like your going to fucking explode. #heated #venting 😡
hey yes we do have to talk more! im so sorry i havent been so active on twitter lately, but im going to try to be on more!
I'm not good enough for anyone, hah.
well no you can search by single rooms or B&Bs, etc.
havent been on twitter in like 2 days... o.o ive missed it so much :D
Had a great time tonight with #NRG! Those kids can rock it out... :)
Need to make a program that interjects some of those "GET UP AND WALK" articles into my usual time-wasting websites. "Hm thehairpin-GEDUP"
Played two sets at church and one short one at an open jam last night. Too bad Monday came so fast. I wish I could play that much everyday.
Thanks, sure will.
I'm in a river
I seem to never be in California anymore, living on a plane all the time, most of this month im in other states
get parents like.mine! Lol
I know what u mean. Lol. I'm at practice still.
Just got home from a gig at The Jazz Showcase in the Chi!
ToothlessSays: I have 80 cents, gimme a burrito. Me: we don't have an 80 cent burrito. Toothless: I'll take two.
Waldo Faldo is the King of Stupid
Location scouting
oh wow. this nigga just told me he loved me..IDK HOW TO RESPOND.UM YEA OK.DAMN.SMH.
get a phone haha
Delicious combo. I miss Oatmeal Stout. RT : Have you tried a Black & Blue? Brinkley's Maibock & Oatmeal Stout mixed together.
China is pushing for health care reforms at the same time as the US; will be interesting to see the paths the two countries take.
Good girls' lacrosse game between Riverdale and Hackley. Tied 5-5 at half.
I had to comment on your tweet. Good post.
i knew somethin wasn't right
good idea ;) lol
THANK YOU MALCOLM GLADWELL.
You're welcome! Thank you for following back!
Job security = Can never be promoted
lmao shut up
He prob doesnt drive at all... W his $$! RT : Derek Jeter does not drive a Ford.
re: unusual listing of the week. amazing decor!
I'll break open my piggy bank right now!
You're too sweet. Come on over anytime!
“: Keep the Faith. The most amazing things in life tend to happen right at the moment you're about to give up hope.”
Thanks for sharing. It's always helpful to see how other universities address #socialmedia use.
i have for idk how long now
I think would be a lot more appealing if the commercials didn't make it look like something was peeing blood into my water.
Revisiting some work I did with copyrightMD metadata. Got some new digital books that need it added to their METS docs
I just love driving with the windows down and the music blasting
RT true artist looking for original hip hop
RT My phone says it's 47 degrees outside, but my nipples are saying it's about 39.
thats just stupid
Happy Birthday Jesus To Everybody! Love Ya!
i've had that problem for years
Lovveeee my Rip Tide cast
Clarifying-(courtesy) of tonights game is televised in Msn on Charter 323 ...or listen to on
I trust everyone thanked God for waking them up this AM!! If you didn't it's not too late!!
Thanks for sharing my story on #depression and #addiction in the Newsroom with our members and beyond. A story offering help and hope.
at home. Hahaha.
Top Superfoods!:Beans,Blueberries, Broccoli,Oats,Oranges,Pumpkin, Salmon,Soy, Spinach, Tea (green or black),Tomatoes,Turkey,Walnuts&Yogurt
Happy New Year! Can't wait to read all the 2012 debuts! <3
Really glad you liked the video today. I had fun making it for you. Hope to meet you in person sometime soon!
What's up people??
Success! Off to Runyon to continue the badassness.. interval training? Perhaps, perhaps!
#FF essential reading for parents:
#MDbes picture book winner Memoirs of a Goldfish. 4-6 Chapter book winner Girl Who Could Fly.
hard to say since the MLB doesn't disclose the exact test they use. See for best explanation we have for now.
| Thanks for the #followfriday shout-out :)
thanks for the follow and support Chris, i love the pig head check out
thanks. And cat tell my hubby I'll be seeing him later ;)
are you in DC?
Omg worst day ever. Someone save me and take me home please
well, I agree with that. 5th would be a good spot I think.
haha awww thanks and I definitely have to agree with that list! Currently actually listening to The Cab, Brian
Working on some quilting projects this cold morning :-)
i'm so Sorry for your Lost Thomas May he R.I.P ! :)ILYShawty<3
Woowe-oohh! Amber is the color of your energy!
so how do you know him exactly? :)
Bed time at last..fuck all the bull shit..catching up on some zZzZzs...goodnight tweeters
what time will the world record be happening at usf in april 25th? I really want to come!:)
Yeah we practiced the other night and my boy said it was the best day ever. Super sweet kid.
EBay, Wal-Mart shop for better search engines
There r so many great opportunities out there! Do you have a profile on #beRecruited? Free to sign up: berecruited.com/register
5p RT : Ticket release today w/ for the Ohio State Tim Gunn from Project Runway event!
I hate all zombies especially the smartass ones. Hopefully in a few more months all be cleared to kick your heads off again....
In my dept print vs online means nothing in T&P decisions; all that matters is peer review and contribution to field.
#5bestsmells coco butter, laundry, gas, rain, bath & body works
Babydoll is so beautiful.
& now the Titanic theme decides to play on the radio.
Shot an Informercial for the ALUMA WALLET that will broadcast internationally. I was directed by Vernest Kazer to be slightly over-the-top!
Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart (width of soda can). All new cribs must meet this standard, but older cribs may not.
Or say hi to me & get your #favemoviequote from my film 'GoodNight| GoodMorning' Sun at 3 (Harris) & wed. 7 (Regents sq.).
"If we do right God will be with us, and if God is with us we cannot fail." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by G. Leidner p.40
Wow learn something new everyday RT Pete Rose was banned from baseball for life for betting on games while managing the Reds
Just tape it on!
No, you're dead all right, I just don't remember how it hppened - werewol, werewolf hunter, cop, act of God...
Thanks for RT!
In Anderson for the 4th time this weekend...Last 'Called Out' session. Tired but expectant!
George Kottaras is not helping Ryan Braun's argument that he wasn't on PEDs.
Happy #Friday !!
who ever told you life was going to be easy was right it was all the people who say it wouldn't be that are in fact really lying ~ sd
All K-12 Teachers can stop into our cafe for a free 12 oz. drink on Tue. May 3 from 6 a.m. - 6 p.m. We are celebrating Nat. Teacher Day.
Kindle Fire Heads List of 3 Cool Holiday Gadgets
Speaking of real conversation, any chance you'll be going to MW in April? Hope we'll see you there!
I think we're about to spend too much on the twins' 3rd birthday. And yes, we have to get TWO of everything! Lol
RT : New #Education catalog from 20% off our latest books when you use promo code AD9739
I DM'd You RT : I agree so text me RT : Someone Text Me, (Someone That Knows How To Keep A Conversation Going)
I talked about your Rock Star analogy today to a colleague! It helped them 'get' it!
I got a song im working on about A street nigga that had a good thing but was to busy to realize what he had until she was gone! so what...
happy twin birthday
Its mothers day & my boy & I's six months. <3
Chicago Jazz Festival!!! Get to see 9 great shows in 3 days and perform in 2 myself. One of the things I love about Chicago! Free Jazz Fest!
Should be good good night on Guys (Stevie Wonder) vs. Girls (Whitney Houston) night
Ugh. My dog freeway is so bad, I am convinced he is my karma for all of my wrong doings in life.
Channing Tatum in she's the man! :)
I'm pretty positive that you have one of the most beautiful faces on Earth.. Even if people kick puppies cause of it! LOL
This is Geography Awareness Week! and GIS Day is tomorrow, November 18, 2009
Movies you watched this Fourth of July. Go.
My Girl A Boss hahaaa
You're not like the other bot i fell for you're better.
Um I'm waking up in about 7 hours..I should probably get some sleep.
Biz trip, so happy to be a member - downtown Minneapolis 3rd-floor pool is awesome!
Stop into #firefly and sit out on our gorgeous patio overlooking historic Main St EA and have some iced coffee!
Balboa park's Air & Space Museum will have free admission on Tuesday Dec. 28 from 10 am to 4 pm
Tip of the day: Never ever sit on your wallet
haha okay then!
Makes sense. RT : by supporting marriage of course. Eye roll at fox news for their illogical attacks
I know! Its confusing but; sorry! Forget about it.
They have arrived
I have lost 15 lbs and will be celebrating soon w/ a beautifully delicious steak from
90% of all people have no patience for this anymore.... What is it....
Check out a wonderful collection of dances by Val & Marjorie tonight , tickets $7 Proceeds will go to the James! See u there!
Today Victor, Luis and I were taking pictures <3 Man, I love them ^.^
Yeah, a shame. One heckuva game.
Follow #FocusMagazine on Twitter and when we hit follower #750, we'll choose 1 random follower to win yet another full page ad in Issue 21!
Just trade Steve Nash for Rick Nash and end the agony for all. #nhl #tsn #tradecentre #SNnation Passer for shooter.
I wasn't going to ask, but ya your wife should be on the list of things you don't hate.
just heard someone randomly whistle the old spice tune
so far, so good. It's not a #yackathon yet!
Disappointment is such understatement to describe how I feel about the #Caps loss last night. But, Wednesday will be another chance.
It's true! Cures all that ails you, puts hair on your chest...and kinda makes you feel like you might die!
svu all day!
I'm so sleepy but I can't sleep. What to do...what to do....
you are a Stl blockhead! Me too! :)
Me and made majorette :) <3 congratulations to us
Stay strong, Danielle. Stray song.
Ha Idk You Normally Disappear, But Yeah What Happened.?
Join people for organized progress rally tommorow @ the court house across fron ecc 4pm-7pm happy general strike day
Left the most incompetent Dr.'s office today, ever. Every patient that came in had a screwed up appt. time. Of course, it wasn't their fault
If you drive down the street and you see a blue tarp, Email us at
LMAO!! I'm glad you tweeted about it! :)
This is how playoff basketball should be played, people.
lol, yea I got married (;
real world= possibility that learning goals will not be met.
Hehe, couldn't resist. :) And thanks (again)! hugs
thats great. I'm sure you would. I'm working for a minor league hockey team in NJ, if you ever want to talk give me a call
Our iOS guy thinks they may look at location. If your US-based sports app just got 450 downloads in one hour from China…
It's Card Playing Day! "...he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.“---Voltaire
Getting closer to program load/save nirvanna for the VST intstrument...
know the song... We are going to see the King tara ra raaaa rah
. "Mr. President, Talk is cheap." || So is your charitable giving, Rick. A whopping 1.8%of adj gross income? #whatwouldjesusdo?
you could bring me some doe
Finally saw TABLOID. Now THAT is a wacked-out story.
I told him im srry for being crazy n he said your crazy in love .
can you follow me! I love you :3 #Boyfriend is amazing
follow me couzin its dj money!!
God will never leave you in a space absent of His grace... #God'sgrace
Thank you for the lovely card :)
feels a bit windy to be getting on an airplane, no? #kindafreaked by
- - I'm all about the good book, don't get me wrong. I just think Tebow is a poser. But yeah, Lil Hanz is pathetic.
Ok... you can drink with me too... c'mon! Get your ass up... I mean over here, lol!
Thank you for the RTs!
I know #1omf is waiting
Those who can, Do. Those who can't, Critique.
tell me y me was really talking about that nasty shit for like two weeks striaght. they are so distrubing
What are you reading/writing over the weekend?
"#YOLO" i say as i complain about the public transportation system
You know, you're a killer heart breaker.
um hell yes we should! my skype name is gabriellelauryn woo
Interesting horoscope for me today! Looks like shit is gonna go down.
Off to check out #OWS.. Camera in hand.
Where it will welcome you to snow :)
If you're not headed to for #4sqDay then come to #happyhour at :)
Merry Christmas to you also
wanna be a judge for SHOWGIRL SPECTACULAR?! Message me with why!
What color should I paint my nails?
I'm #AGirlThat can't wait to meet ! ♥
Why can't people just appreciate all types music?
that's a lot to tell
When a girl gets jealous, it's normal. When a boy gets jealous, you know he's going to be loyal.
I want one. Now.
umm do I ever have a point? Lol
Gorov Music Marketing wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving.
Just got an $11 pack of batteries for 66 cents with my Care rewards...WooHoo!
#FF the awesomely crude and hilarious
Learn about my three sons at leavingarlington.wordpress.com
Happy to have been at the launch, and so proud of you! Now "permit" yourself to rest a bit before the next big thing.
um Dave - I just asked why he was so certain. I never said I believed you would do anything. I don't have a clue.
Looks brilliant! Shared it with friends and can't wait to see it.
Thanks - I'm on board and giving it a trial week. Looks great so far, and I haven't even tried any tweaking yet :-)
Interesting morning. Sitting in the security office playing Draw something while a guy pleads not to go to jail.
JUST getting home. My momma irritating TF outta me!!!!
I'll be dreaming of my "Castle On A Cloud" for summer! whoot! :):)
#NP I'm not your toy by La Roux
You're very welcome!
Still using Word of Mouse to find your dream home? Call me to see the real thing. We can make house calls together. 817.975.9222
Flipping between the #Caps - Rangers and #Orioles - Yankees games #GreatSportsNight on TV!
Contest! Upload Craziest Spring Break Video/ Picture Winner $500. College's Funniest, Craziest New Website www.crazysobs.com
we need to do some work together brother I always wanted to do gospel!!!!!
When I first met u baby. Girl you were just Sweet 16. U just left your home woman & U were the sweetest thing I'd ever seen. B.B. King baby
Don't you hate school! So boring
Hah! I read 38pc as 38 parsecs. Oh, those crazy units!
Who's excited? It's only one more day until this week's Anime Night tomorrow night starting at 7pm! :)
Uh...don't we have to get through weekend two coming up?
sapong got screwed. should be 1-0! what the heck. terrible call.
Will schedule sharp stick for next week. If we do IRB, will have to go through mine, weird uni requirements.
that's how people start compounds.
It's your problem not mine
This girl giving me dirty looks
The Macy's Southridge Grand Opening shopping party is March 14! Or, wait until March 17 and meet "What Not To Wear" stylist Clinton Kelly :)
Thanks for the follow!
What is happening with these instrumentAl cutaways? Is that Sheila E. on the drums?
Raven Symone came out the closet today.....dang....everybody gay....smfh
2012 Rose Festival Court begins today with Wilson High School announcing first.
Guess I'll just go to sleep now, since there's nothing else to do. Night twitter ✌💤
like omg.. my parents will be the reason for my downfall at deering after there cute little fboook posts.... fml
Knowledge speaks but wisdom listens. Enjoy your weekend.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 04/28/12 is Dan and Sally!
I knew they were but i didn't know they were starting TOMORROW jeez
I see you fighting too! Let's get it!! RT War on June 2nd bring that title back to your city!!
THE MEET AND GREET JUST STARTED! Be right back while I go cry in a corner. ): -Sylvia </3
when we gonna see some epic fps action coming our way?
wish I was at the bloggers lounge then. Couple times i went in there, I didn't recognize anyone. Going to girl + Guy party
Can anyone recommend a good app/podcast to learn basic Italian phrases?
go read story!!! u will love it:) then RT it:D
Works Cited Q: 2 works by same author, but once using middle initial and once not. Use --- for 2nd occurrence, or use name both times?
Thrilled to be a sponsor: Dallas Sales Leadership Summit: Jeff Shore/Jason Forrest. Grow your skills and your sales! More: www.jeffshore.com
So true. RT I've noticed that anybody driving slower than me is an idiot, and anyone going faster than me is a maniac
He's got such a sweet smile :-)
i dont knoow sorry im horrible with skype :S whats his skype name? and same here! his bracelets are amazing! im gonna buy them
Its a bad sign when my neck hurts this bad only 12 out from the workout, Im going to be miserable at 2 hours
hahaha no too much work lol
Freestyling to some Rookie the Cook beats. I think I might just rip one at SPEAK mic tonight.
THIS MY SHIT
Missin my favs, see you lovely ladies saturday :)
working saturday? we gots some drinking to do.
I think I'm in love with you.. So how do I tell you
Good Luck Today Keep getting those RBI's!!!!
My 2nd fav band, , will play @ Circle-A Cafe in Riverwest tonight, 8 pm central time (My 1st favorite band is George Michael)
Call/Text me.
I got your grandma on my dick ;)
Bahn mi craving = fulfilled. Thanks, Buford Highway!
Brownsville is the dingleberry of Texas
let me guess. He's screaming at the computer. And saying jeez every other possession.
thx for the follow! Would love to help you out!
out in god's country
which one?
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
Donna's pretty amazing with crochet needles. You have got to see her upcycled bags and repurposed homemade gifts.
IKR just sad
lovelovelovelove YOU! Can't wait to treat you tonight... dress nice, like you always do :) XO!
i read about that. Most guys dont worry abt sodium til close to show thanks agn!
Brandon blasting the music is not helping my headache. :(
LOL thanks hommie please tell me the next event
CONGRATULATIONS! to our #sweepstakes #WINNER, Julie Moore! Thank you to everyone who participated & stay tuned for more goodness from UA!
thanks you too
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
Sleeping is so cool!
thanks! it was a fun shoot, part of a larger video project we did
Only two #FF today? Aw man!
Those days when nothing exciting happens untill the end of the day! #woah!
Very educational evening w Torene Svitil at re: How to Fill Out Your Academy Paperwork for Oscars!
RT lol : Headed to Texas- Where the Queso flows like wine and the sexy boys flock instinctively like the salmon of Capistrano
Mother of 19 Michelle Duggar says overpopulation is a "lie." Do you think there are too many people on the planet?
Crowdsourcing has been around for years...we are now seeing mature apps emerge like Waze.
RT : last day of the DCcodeathon! starting off day w chocolate cake bacon eggs and sausage! Thanks for the cake !
my fault pimpin !! phone is trippin can you text me Fam
"W's"? Are you talking wins or women?
congratulation man your dream has come true
Kudos to our service team: "This has been so easy.. Let’s just say our previous vendor was nothing like this.” - LSU Eunice,
Carry On My Wayward Son
Just had a great dinner at The still-with-power lodge restaurant. Now enjoying running wtr in our hotel rm.
I wanna stay home 😔
haha are you a med student?
plus i think liam was saying how much he niall hates smoking
Chicago Philadelphia game is too intense! Damn I love playoff basketball.
Brilliant work. Peace & Blessings & much love for all the good you do in the world!
my eyes are still hurting lol
Don't trust a hoe
I fell asleep in my cousins room and had some weird dreams. Then I think someone woke me up and scared me. Gyeh.
my car in the shop
S/O to my cousin hosting a convention down in Ohio for
Thank you for the shoutout!
We never know what we have to its gone
We want a Season 3 of #breakoutkings PLEASE!
RT : At the bar, always take a bullet for your buddy...unless that bullet weighs 300 pounds.
aha! Well then, all is right in the world.
You should spread love to me by following me... =)
Love that the name tags from #kodm have a font big enough to read via Livestream. Good going!
Riding in my car so fast, I won't turn down the speed 🎶
Great having time off from my job sitting here sipping my enriched coffee! Yum and it also gives me a lot of energy
have you heard about Hart of Dixie or Ringer?
Dang the giants. Ugh I wanted the patriots to win.... Anyway GO BEARS!
fantastic acoustics at the civic opera house. heavenly #wilco show so far.
m...... I have to stop, this is when I get LOUD RT : "Cough...cough" There we go.RT hi babe. just relax.
Everyone help me wish my bro a very Happy Birthday!!! :)
www.TheSlidersMusic.com - I promise you won't be disappointed
“I don't trust anyone who doesn't laugh.” - Maya Angelou
Are you just sitting there, thinking you missed class 9 minutes ago? Nonsense. CLASS STARTS AT 6 TONIGHT!!!
At work listening to gay as fuck Pandora playlist.. ugh -___-
Lets remember our troops this July 4th...celebrating freedom and independence everywhere!
Enjoying a burrito. And no, there are no manuscript materials in the room. It's safe in here.
Can't wait to kick it with my young niggah tho (:
I Cried When, i was watching Never say never.
too damn funny
Tomorrow we make the official announcement – YSP inaugural meeting to take place Tuesday, Oct. 11 @ 6:00 p.m.! Can't wait! ^CO
i followed
We set out to make #CouncilDistrictsMaps selection an #openprocess. Encourage Detroiters to attend final mtg at 7pm.
yo how can i get that money down there busta!!!
Transformer 3 time
very good indeed. Still amazed how quick they found it and went right in.
Are You An Independent Artist?? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!
So sad to be #missinginaction in Indy. Someone send me a ticket quick!
He is so short-tempered.... I love it. lol now those are the people that get things accomplished! lol
ooh what language is that one?
Heading to bed and leaving this conversation to you two. Still not sure it fits, but then MCN2011 was an amazing conf.
Thanks for bringing the family to our place!
I love them both. I have Patti Lupone's memoir on my dresser. She's a Long Island girl, like me! What did they sing from Merrily?
Potomac Leadership Group Loudoun Chamber Leadshare luncheon tomorrow at Belmont Ridge Country Club 11-2pm.
dealing with American airlines is a nightmare!!
it's not like last night was horrible. Good music on short notice. Definite plus
Thanks for the RTs! Enjoy the short week!
Working hard!
Love hearing the #Local Natives on . . . great band. Start playing Wide Eyes = evern better than airplanes
Such a great addition! RT : So excited about the new downtown trolley! Can't wait to check it out
Dont forget to send in your pics if you streaked last weekend
Mother Theresa's warmth is a reminder of what is possible within each of us when Making Friends w/ the Angels. She's a gem.
I can go to the #VansWarpedUK as long as i somehow get to London! Translation: You can't go! D':
You should post that on Queen james page.
Short vanity moment: I love it when people see my name tag and assume that I am a student. That can have some cons, but I say it's a pro.
He is greater than I
Never seen this many And1s in my life!
will you call your contacts and get BET in the Hotel for the team in Auburn?
LMFAO 😭😭😭 RT : I hate Demi! She blows my ass out the water with her suicidal mood!
Give thanks and rest well!!
ok. Let's try. I texted you also.
Your definately ahead of me on that one lol.
Gross gross gross. Someone help me .----. Creepy dude.
"Judge A Book" by ft. is now on rotation in Nevada and New York City!!! Please support this great song!!!”
Thanks!! Props to whoever runs your #twitter handle, you guys are definitely on top of your stuff.
she said shinne it up wit some Vaseline
There's a rainbow in your eyes, there's a star on your teeth, there's a moon on your hand. But there's your girlfriend beside you :(.
Just a little kindness goes a long way.
So every one except white people are a minority- amanda. Haha funny shitl
I've been waiting on my cousin for like 2 hours this bitch hella slow !
WATCHING THE HILLS SEASON 2 I TELL YOU IT'S SO GOOD SO GLAD I BOUGHT THE CD
So after last tweet being said follow my other page for business & support
R Kelly haan
I came across a report suggesting that the average user has about 302 friends on Facebook but maybe no one to hang out on a Saturday night
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence
Go a little early. Read up on what your going to hear as well. You may even listen to the piece before too!
#follow Friday because she is totally awesome!
Keep reading that "serendipitous discovery" would be lost in a purely digital library environment. But isn't that just another UI challenge?
Get access to a Dr who's worked w/ the #Chargers for 20+ years with $50 for $150 worth of chiropractic services! www.dailygroupsavings.com
God is, by definition, an extraterrestrial.
you bet- I love buffer! Btw- we launched inboundscore.com for managing inbound leads. Would love to get your feedbck sometime.
Coastal Bend transportation officials, law enforcement gear up for new laws
very ready to get back in school...never thought I'd say that
A light rain at the #SBVillage, but nobody seems to care.
that was one of my first concerns! Lol I'm serious.
this weekend is gonna be great (:
q5) Some answers seem counterintuitive to SoME movement...
Not going to school today :P REASON: Dad, recently just got out of surgery and he's in lots of pain. Hope my dad feels better SOON!
Thank you for the #FF!
Best ass?
really intereseting visit to district 219 high schools - ideas for partnerships forming
#np Pour Me FAV SONG EVER
ok tweeps help me prove a point and follow please. I promise not to make it too science-y
Everyone is farting on my jacket
jetsetter! Are you gone all weekend??
Please no Descendants at #SAGawards. Stop the Hawaiian yodeling PLEASE!
When your teacher makes you work with someone you fucking can't stand -__-
...and GlobalMeet beats WebEx any day
Wtf aren't they supposed to give vampire diares smfh so much head
I'm cry right now... Justin has come a long way.<3 Thank You Scooter for everything<3
Some Malibu and Pineapple Juice would go hard now....or coconut Ciroc and Pineapple Juics
hey touch? -thomas
Looking for some peeps to play #CoD Black Ops on #PS3 with. My PSN is Kaptiv8 - add me.
Our pleasure you guys! We're looking forward to the grand opening...
photo includes swimming pool
Today suck. Turns out I can't do summer softball because of some camp my mom signed me up for that I don't even want to do
Dominique Nicole & Alicia John COO of Dominique Nicole Entertainment LLC just completed a powerful brainstorming session FOOD FOR THE SOUL..
let's go heatt
Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am,
Isn't it!!
Hunger Games again with the birthday boy. Happy birthday Dad!
im booked to stay in the nice resort, but cant check n til 2 tomorrow afternoon. But I would have to get up ...
"Blah Blah Blah Blah" "Ok, I Gotcha Mom.."
Ohh,which video was that?:)
I'm back in MIA. Exhausted after #MW2011, but inspired to get back to work.
If it ain't.bout food or.money don't call the num
It came together..preciate u checking back
I used to be a sweet person - that was before all the lies, cheating, broken promises & countless heartbreaks.
wassup bro follow back
Bring on the Giants, the fans in Green Bay need revenge for the '07 NFCCG.
did you know Mark before the show. Or any cast members
Being home from work isn't enjoyable when you're sick and can't do anything fun :/
hey cherokee babe
Back at home from a long nights work. Watching the ID Channel as I wind down a bit..
My man learned to reply all! Hell yeah Fred. RT put your money where your mouths are!
Yes, totally will be w/ you. Which ship is it that is Haunted?? USS Hornet..have u been on that one?? lol
Sometimes my wife and I lay in bed playing Hanging with Friends with each other back and forth.
APPRECIATE THAT EXCLUSIVE COPY OF THAT MIXTAPE HOMIE THAT HOE JAMMIN BRO!
Started submitting to #indiepublishers. Anyone with #indie experience have suggestions? Recommendations? Dangers?
#shoutout to the people who have listened to The Weeknd since HOB and have been reppin' him hard af ever since
Real difficulties can be overcome, it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~ Theodore N. Vail
Finally reuniting with and it feels so good.
Ah, he ran in #pa10, but he didn't actually live in
I gotta get some new car insurance
Submit all your Miami based events to be included on our event calendar. Email to !
Runners: what stretch helps very upper thigh, pretty much in the middle (slightly inner)? It hurts.
Ah.. have fun then.
Heading to NYC with and
Today is a day for 80s music to be played very loud and to be sung to very badly. Happy Friday, folks!
I know Peggy from Prime Credit isn't real. But I still checked his Facebook to see what he's up to.
lol, I mean, where does one even buy something like that?!?
it's ok and I'm so excited I can't wait I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOUR AMAZING !!!!!!!
I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about savin' all your time for me?
Watching the Vow makes me miss Chi-town
Totally agree and looking forward to next time!
Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up - Altavista
WE NEED APP
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. - Camus
Please stop wishing me Happy Mother's Day. I am not a mom yet people!
nice, but was hoping for steak and kidney with follow up photos.
Thanks :) Do you consider yourself a professional genealogist, or is this more of a personal project?
right... like that would ever happen. lol
THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU JUST DONT DO AROUND PEOPLE! !
people I use to care about have made it easy not to care at all.
CHECKING OUT THE BRAVES??? COME STAY WITH US AND ENJOY OUR SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY!!!
Jay Z agrees with gay marriage. Marry me ?!!!
I looked her up when she was on In Plain Sight last year. She's also Mel Gibson's daughter in "What Women Want" and the...
Haven't had caffeine in ten days and I'm feelin great!
That's so cool, congrats! I love her too, she's hilarious.
The neighborhood at colfax and josephine is really diverse yet the new dog park is always full of white people.
Hey Huskies #FYI the University's doing more network stuff this AM and library online services (like ILL) might go in and out- back by 12p
St John of the #Cross "where there is no love, put love, and you will draw love out."
Quote of the day: "It was the first time that I had seen a person whose profession was telling lies - unless one counts journalists." Orwell
Longhorns, the only positive thing about actually being at the Cotton Bowl is you don't have to listen to Brent Musburger.
I guess he was really busy. Hey, gotta find time to do an interview, right? Enjoy the beautiful day!
Haven't been on here in FOREVER!
Kobe clocked in with a motive yesterday... I'm just saying though... That is all
- Thanks for the #FF!
": You remind me of my Chinese friend.. Ug Lee"
“: TMobile has trash service mane” Ggggaaarrbage!
. like seeing that has an opening 6/24 to be the headliner on N2 of your inaugural Harriett Island Festival!
Ah, Liverpool I see! I didn't make it out there when I lived in London for a short time. I've always regretted it. :(
Cleveland Clinic getting props on Grey's tonight...
haha I called Zach a meany butt too since he called me short lol im kidding Zach gives the best hugs ever!!!!
Pee pee Joke?
vs. Stephen A is hilarious... Stephen A laid waste to him today though.
What up joe hit me up 216-965-5472 Rick when get time love the video need some t shirts for the day care
Thanks for the S/O!!
Indeed -- I really enjoyed that episode.
of course you do realize this does mean war! :~)
Oh MY!
Austin I'm Your Biggest Fan In The World Please Follow Me<3
stop it Lt. I don't want you telling everyone that.. It makes me embarrassed.
#FF hot ass bitches
(Re)Writing copy to explain something I made is crazy hard. My strategy so far is to stare at it intently.
. notes: we will always need the vertical and the horizontal // cc
#Revenge time!
Boston was added a couple months ago, thanks for the enthusiasm!
Today is #autism awareness day!
pls follow which just raised $220k in 12min in #NJ 2underwrite production of
yea but I gotta get up at 6
downtown here in San Antonio (:
I think more players should do what Barry Sanders did.. Make your money and get out with your body and mind intact..
A Friday is a Friday, who cares if it's the 13th, 6th or whathever.. Friday is all that matters... btw
Hot boxing the smoosh room in Lily's house with Steph and Lily >
AP: Medical examiner says Mary Richardson Kennedy, estranged wife of RFK Jr., died of asphyxiation due to hanging
Mayoral-race ripple or something bigger and/or badder? Check out for latest bulletins.
...or you could drop trou and put an a$$ print there. (Sorry, tough day!!)
TY Denise Kasper for Self Coaching program at JAM. Part of ICW More info icfgr.com
Tweeting about being at media studies panel on tweeting. Surprisingly heavy on the content creation and personal brand side of things.
Tomorrow=busy Me= freaking out Friends=trying to make me smile
Glad to have you following. What a fantastic service you offer! Be sure to also chk out Looking forward to your tweets!
So do we! RT : I love yoga
#Gemini can go from zero to sixty and right back to zero before you knew what hit you.
LMFAO says when he walk on by girls look at him like damn he fly or maybe cuz hez wearin animal print underwear!!!
Napoleon Dynamite <3
Welcome! We have a facebook group setup for Hotel reservations and ride share coordination.
G. M. TO ALL TWITTER..... HOPE EVERYONE HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!!!~
At least Counsell drew a couple of walks.
Fister is mouthing during every out..."Thanks for the run support,bitches"!!
It's not my birthday anymore😔😰
We also exclusively use x5 scanners... If you have images sans negatives, the Cruse museum imager is the solution...
oh my goodness! Yes please ((:
feelin you threw sound waves
UPDATE! The Versa Spa will be ready to use Monday 12/12 shortly after 4 pm! It takes a while to install ;)
Especially if it was using an old-school film loop ;)
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 31
No problem, catching up on a lot of follow backs right now!
it looks to be full - big and bright!
omg don't even
Nosed by a 17-1 shot and favourite out of money. Great value ATB there. Fair Grounds later & thats it other than investments
Thanks! I passed your portfolio to our project leader :)
So awesome to meet you today, Diana! Way to bring it in class tonight! Can't wait to see ya again soon!!
Supernatural season finale TONIGHT at 9pm! 2 people will be lost.
You know it's April when you're at work until 9pm two nights in a row.
MT : Why do so few MPs get that our need for 80% CO2 cut means we can't balance every success with a new airport
If they were even minimally informed, they'd be yelling that he flopped. Which obviously has no merit, but it's what I'd do...
i can hardly breath as i have a cold as well ugh..
I'm sure he'd join you. He's a very friendly guy. But he's at work!
Note to self: Do not go trick or treatin' at Frank Conaway's house next year.
RT Have you been the victim of a scam by a rental car company? Email to help with a story. Please RT
Botox much?
its alright though. Just imagine your in downtown but like in 100 degrees.
RT : Want to improve the quality of #talent coming into your #business? Check out CXP’s portfolio company,
Reactions to Mr. Gieschen's jokes: 2% genuine laughter 3% polite laughter 5% sarcastic laughter and 90% absolute silence.
I heard it was scary tho.
But requires another account I believe so contact SI computer [-]
This fitting is a fitting fitting.
uh oh wuz wrong princess
Young Lady: Oh my gawd...are you in that Mormon show.
I can't stay off my tl... I ain't use to this... drunk but I gotta see how she feel
Hi. You need to be my best friend. You are rad!
You only get one chance to make a first impression...Little things matter: dress, posture, body language
I think I'm also addicted to Facebook! lol
Thank you for sharing your experience. All of us need to hear that success can come to one who self publishes.
True dat. Stay safe and strong.
It's the Tuesday Morning Question: What are you "allergic" to in your artistic practice?
I LOVE YOU ROC!!!!
I think a GPS should get the voice of R. Lee Ermey the famous Marine and actor. "TURN LEFT, CHUG ON OVER TO MAMBY PAMBY LAND YOU JACK-WAGON!
"I feel like a salmon swimming upstream"
With every moment we live we create our past.
Good recording sesh... now off to SD
January 14th Waterstreet Music Hall with and ... You best be there,maybe will even have some MERCH?;0
Dan, I've got your track scheduled to be featured as the download of the day on 5/2/12.
Teacher's spend their days driving students to do their best and achieve! Let Us Drive your favorite teacher to an appreciation dinner!
omg lol, I forgot about that...surprise surprise. "no sir, I'm sorry, I need this bike."
yup, I'm at the American Society for Training & Development conf in Denver.
Gol Dang! Congrats!!!
Shaking each part of the body to cleanse&release all that is ready to go,naturally reclaims and resets the body back to it’s vibrant nature.
when you wish Madison could notice you but he can't because he dosent follow you and you're not on his timeline..
Thanks for an inspiring night at #Entreprelooza! We loved hearing Mayor Gray champion IT entrepreneurs who are transforming DC!
Something ugly going down at university and central
Good Morning World, let's make dreams reality!
*Smile* What a lovely fam Carlos!
girl . .why did I have some PINKBERRY today . . SMH OMG, I feel you now
you're pretty cool!
It's no LIVE SILVERFISH but I did just find a very old fingernail clipping in this collection
Imagine Me.
School fundraiser coming up - sell soap and bath salts instead of candy! We do custom labeling - call Jeff at 312-320-5862 for more info!
#Bucks GM John Hammond says "I don't look at our team and say its broke. We gave good players" but acknowledges holes...
$150.00 back for 4 textbooks. Looks like I'm drinking Woodford this weekend.
So ready for this week to be over so I can see you sooner.
If someone would bring me something to eat I'd be so greatful
Venture capital fuels Latin American entrepreneurship
Our Choir performs Friday 10/14 at 1:30 and next Tuesday, 10/18 at 7:30 p.m. Both performances in our cafeteria.
Oh damn... That ain't good
I hope someone I know or someone from NYF wins to go to springle ball
kind of looks like a French guy with a monocle.
Sunshine Terrace is at 5607 Sunshine Dr. 78756. It's a converted motel, so it has few units and a neat look.
Oh trust me mine isn't going to be 8 pages either
He Better Suck Some Balls Andd` Make The Call 312-1000 Lmfaoo
Thanks. I mean, Goodell goes too far and has too much power, IMO
Used my heart monitor to track heart-rate while sleeping and then running; all numbers match target averages on the dot :)
Come see us tomorrow @ 6586 Centennial Drive, Reynoldsburg, Ohio. Numbers @ 8:30am. Doors open from 9am to 3 pm.
Andy Pettitte comes out of retirement and joins the yankees
What a week. Thankful for the people in my life.
My pretty face paid for That pool, and my talent filled it with water!
#sageu question -- my client recently asked "how do we increase out followers" -- any advice on what to tell them?
ok time to start the dvr of SMASH FINALE
Whenever someone writes Fatima it reminds me of Fanta and then I need a drink
playing video games.. 4 hrs of sleep. Still not tired
wat day mean
Leaving tomorrow. So ready to get the hell out of Memphis
Ugh idislike drama class the teacher is soo.MEAN
Tweet Sex!!..
nice- best of luck!
Today is "National Go Barefoot Day." Now there's an excuse to take the shoes off in the office or on the Metro. Just keep the Febreze near.
Aldridge has to work his way inside the Olympic circle, but a big man who can stick the 20 footer... that's a skill Team USA could use.
What's your plans for Saturday night #Indy tweeps?
Thanks for the tweet, Ian. Glad you like it!
just did! Thank you so much for the kind words! :)
I can't wait until you in Chicago May 12th bought my tickets early, very early
Need some random laughs? Do urself a favor and follow
Corned Beef and Cabbage and Corned Beef Sandwiches and Irish Nachos and Shepherd's Pie, oh my!
Its my Friday! Long weekend ahead!
you don't go out?
Im so stoked for you to be rockin the new site hot stuff. My fav site thus far.
so you won't be at the GATE Event tonight then? :(
Sorry I'm late but Thanks for the #FF! lol :) xoxo
What do you know about the National Strength and Conditioning Association?
Your first impression is always looks, right when you see somebody you can't tell they have a good personality..
Thanks for the RT and the great work!
Dude -- The CD mix rocks! Thanks for taking the time to make it and send it.
mothers are lovely, aren't they?
yes... oatmeal does, indeed, have an unsatisfying texture which just can't be cured with butter, sugar cinnamon, etc...
Whistling Straights and a 77, very nice!!
just seriously...go away...it never was and never will be funny, jackass.
you think i'm joking superman...
Calling it a night 😱
Hate when I serve myself a bowl of cereal, but when I look in the fridge for milk, theres none. #FAIL -_-
Listening to the guest speakers at the PRSA luncheon talk about pitches! Good info, now I know what they specifically want!
4-5% getting by w/o buying textbooks, 10% sharing textbooks, 56% buying online, 1/3 wait to buy until they see if course uses it
I guess I don't have an easy way of winning your eternal love; I have no idea what that's from. So... do tell.
what's ya digits?(;
Everything happens for a reason....love that quote
Me too sista! Feel better.
Ayyyeee shout out 2my new follower ! :)
bored as fuck on the ps3...chillin in my room some1 come over
Eating Ramen noodles while studying for finals.
SWAG=YOURS TRULY
you bored? Or just on one tonight? Your tweets are cracking me up.
I get by with a little help from my friends. Thanks for keeping me sane
Doesn't take much for me to think that dude is an ass clown. I also agree we will be fine.
Can a young nigga get money anymore
~~The eyes see what they want to see, the ears hear what they want to hear, but the heart feels what is real.~~
how can someone not care about 1D and have never heard of Ed?! 1D are brilliant and Ed is perfect!
are u guyz still in ny im comn back hopefully when i go to manhattan u guys will be there :)
Health code violation?
yo, you never texted me back bro
don't know specific details yet but yes it was reported.
Russian Roulette
Emma's Revolution: "like Rachel Maddow and Jon Stewart with guitars." Sunday, March 18, 7 pm, Civic Media Center, 433 South Main Street
Saw an eagle circle the bottom while talking with roa
I got my twitter forever after you and I'm on tweet 1400. :/ that's more than you.
Come on D Freese. Give me one home run today.
idk what i'd do without tumblr
"You drive. I've had 11 whiskeys." --Ron Swanson
A student said "I think you should get paid more since you are the one doing all the technology and teaching teachers how to do it too!" :)
Happy birffday! :D
Would you like a hardcopy of our pathfinder description or shall we post it on blackboard?
Back to School Night?
“: you should start with Vol 1” you got and kept my attention I will be reading as often as you post :-)
I swear Women Lie about their professions more than Men do. Bitch work at The GAP but her Bio says Fashion Designer! 0_o
HALLIGAN FRIDAY SPECIALS- $3 Bud and Bud Light Bottles, $3 Domestic Drafts, $3.50 Absolut Peach and Pear Drinks, $5 All Bombs!!
For a work week that is only 4 days long for me it certainly is taking its sweet time getting done.
dm we have a way to dramatically improve Edu pArticularly remote students and Are trying to move HQ to TX. Can you help?
RT can't wait to see project MINNA<-can't wait to show you&the crew.official name coming soon (thanks to ) - possibly:)
working seven days this week. what kind of work do you do? do you like to shoot guns?
Why do I look?
July was slow but things are starting to pick up in August. Dare we say the recession is behind us???
Lightning in a bottle is so soon!! :D i am so ready!!
so very full of chai latte...
- Thanks Jason! How about this as your show motto: "A comic a day the BevNerd way!"
Because he's never had a big injury before, Terrell Suggs may be underestimating his rehab time. Returning in 4 months is beyond optimistic.
I love not having anything to do
My bed is so comfy right now <3
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE
no - there wasn't anything to steal. just wanted to bust in the window. :(
don't look down on me cuz I have a Bonneville and u have a charger wit no kids man fuck that car my kids come first
Researching #yurts with
fuckin wish.. Gotta test at 6 or else you know I'd be there
What's your church called?
Did John Travolta ask the masseur to jerk his "Sweathog"? Oh!
Six Flags was so much fun yesterday :D
Ik but I have known al the manoa ppl since
congrats on the gig duder!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Problems are progress.
Stop it with the emoshit tweets
embrace it! Turn it up and partyhard!
hey boo ... wat you doing?
The rutgers-newark website is having some technical difficulties at the moment. We're working on it!
When people see the word "Ireland" they think of a normal country. When directioners see it, we think of Niall.
RT if your remember when silly bands were popular :)
The LIRR to Isles game...alcohol consumption encouraged apparently.
Bow to Queen HIIT! word! done!
fun times!!
Random tweet
"If you're bodies aren't used to extraneous activities..."
That is a great quote! Thanks.
Star Wars hologram reference by during his energetic opening for us. Always a plus.
thank you lol
It's true, somebody do something dumb and you be like "this funky bitch, here"
good lookin on listening to the joint appreciate it if u can try to come out the 29th for the video we shooting
I will try to find out if they are accepting hs&r :)
Work on me, my pants saggin
Today is a good day!!!!
We appreciate ya taking the needle last night. Hopefully you got a nice rubdown from a co-ed back in CoMo
you talked to Ben bout Saturday
Memphis joins the #BigEast in 2013 and then, the Metro Conference takeover will finally be complete. Give thanks to Mike Tranghese.
That nerdy moment when the dentist is drilling on my teeth and I think the sound sounds like a lightsaber war.
Happy 21st baby, I love you. See you Friday
Experimenting with Dubstep!
I've been sick, so i've been pretty much on drugs.
The weekend, again? Whew! This week went quick! Who's up for a bottle of red and some omg's?
you better come!
I'm sleepy
People of Ikea is the new people of Walmart
don't I won't have no one to talk to bout Cody and I don't have Costs number So yeh how Will I talk to y'all o wait I have ur #
The Knicks need to get rid of Carmelo or Amare. Those two just can't co-exist.
I thought Andy worked 5 WPTs in the last 7 years?
I'm so happy you and commented. I think you are spot on.
I LOVE Russell Westbrook
I *can* get fooled again: Every year, I try the light Egg Nog. And every year, it tastes like the mop-water from the real Egg Nog factory...
At least it's not a free iPad.
“: I'm in desperate need of a professional massage.” same
Yep - great show!
sacrifice the body for culinary excellence!
Picked daughter up after away game. Disembarking team bus takes about as long as the QM II. Got fed up, dropped 1st-ever F-bomb with the kid
Omg. Im hurting.
Hubby and I are in the middle of moving. Have you ever moved? What's been your worst or best experience?
Why is it so difficult to meet decent guys?
We'd use #Glyph for a mini- server, Unity 3D assets, in Domegirls class in planetarium production!
by far the funniest thing ive heard all day
Thanks for a doozy of a First Waltz. Hey Madison, See you tomorrow!
ok Doc...(lol) I went thru the "growing up in NY- going to an All white school - being chubby" issues, but I made it thru!
I asked ya think Romney cares about poor, & he says oh ya.made me laugh & he said Bush was a great Prez.I now claim a dumbass sighting
lol RT : Walk in is at midnight, you have over an hour from 10:45PM hehe
Airing my interview with my idol, Pantera drummer, Vinnie Paul -- This completes a part of me. -- Live @ ZenLive.tv
"...in the corner was not Luol Deng who is out with a wrist injury. It was Brian Scalabrine, the human victory cigar, who missed the shot."
#GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
What if we call them 'micro-cabbages' instead?
Its fucking tomorrow -.- & I'll be there at 7:30 sharp :D you were the one late last time :((
#DailyAffirmation: I create my own security.
Dancing and Rapping r my life! Without them I wud die <3
Your #motivation is never questioned when your are trusted. SeanLetwat
RT : It's the network, stupid. -- at
real life! Lol
LOL you already know boo!! :-*
I'm sure the next owners would like my shit.
Horrible experience with Cancelled appt 24+ hrs in advance and they refuse to refund deposit. Took month for them to decide.
mayweather is a bitch “: ESPN is always out to make floyd mayweather look dumb!”
Hi there AmbitiousYF
its a product used to reduce bags and dark circles around your eyes.
Gym in the morning
Live below your means, within your needs. 1 out of every two ppl are living at or below the poverty line.
You can sit courtside by yourself at the #Heat #Lakers game tonite for ONLY $7,648 on
love that the Cowgirls lose again...Where is Jerry Jones jumping around now? Out of his box???
bitch keep switchin seats n shit .. make up your damn mind
Tough loss for St. Clement against league best Hardy Prep. Still scrapped till the end tho
I think the alarm was a user error
Everything runs right on time! Years of practice and design, spit and polish til it shines! (he thinks he'll keep her)
Unfortunately no, sorry!
Cant find one faithful person . I live to learn and learn to see
I would just like to point out that I was a beast with a bow before catniss and the hunger games made it hot.
that kinda sounds weird. now that i think about it. like us on the toilet? wut.
My first p90x experience begins now!
ok now i'm going to bed!
Honestly , am I good looking?
Congrats to the Inspire by Example Award Winners!Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks for the #CCCFV and #JLCC post about the segment March 14th at 9am.
Tonight! "DJ Fredx VS Stubby" Tonight AND Every Friday from 10pm-close
And UK's DEFENSE COMES BACK STRONG!!!!!!!
hahahahaha wait like you mad or what? Wait? Like oh what?
Found another photo of Read's Drug Store in #PealeBCLM. It's nitrate so I'm scanning it then moving it to Freezer Storage.
I have to meet a "waste time on the Internet" deadline at 1:15.
Thanks to and for allowing us to spread our message at your great show this weekend!
ok, obviously he follows some people, but only the cool people... That's why he didn't follow you, you ain't cool enough..
San Marcos bound!!! Guess I'm going out tonight :-(
off for 20 days... i need it
With amanda and hon. Hanna Beth Jackson at
This RT If anybody disagrees that Nick Collins is a Packer hall of famer they're a moron.
she follows back
WHERE R U?! IM ALONE IN GYM!?!
Great job on 2011 Playbook! May be a bold statement but i think its FB Product of the year!
You don't no fear in my heart at all
because now I can enjoy beautiful downtown Milwaukee and dinner at Buck Bradley's
Lmao ": Calling One Direction straight is an insult. How dare you!!"
my house smells like soup.
he bled on that track..some real shit.
Of 202 active shooter incidents 29% were in schools, 23% in malls or commercial settings, 13% in offices, 13% in factories and 22% other.
Could've used that advice 15 years ago…
if you dont know who angel is you can leave just leave
What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?: Hey answer…ers? I really need some quick info. What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?...
I decided a long time ago that sticking your hand in a body to keep an explosive from going off was unprofessional.
today. You drive
How about it ?! RT : Suite for the 500 and all expense paid trip to Vegas for the finale.
RT #hardcorememories Stabbing the sh*t out of ur Capri Sun!!! Good Morning Beautiful People! Good Friday!**lmao!
yeah, lets do that
“: god you are FOUL grrrrrrossss” *fowl
lol I HATE YOU. And we BOTH know that homeless man was stupid af
#top10Lies I forgot I owed you.
is healing the pain of victims who can never discuss their own personal experiences. Thanks for all you do.
Def a good motto for #athletes to have RT U don't play to compete you play to win
looking to enjoy birthday Wednesday with you both! Any specials?
I want =D hahaha
its only 11:40 in Chicago and yet Michigan still sucks
We I glad Mumz had a gud tyme, I will Sis I might bring my Sis 2 C it her bday is Friday..Um thankz Sis u gave me an idea ;-)
youre crazy, lady!! ;)
Super #Bored Not Sleepy....
i hate when i see the same quote 100000 times every day by different people
WE WOULD LIKE A FOLLOWER SHOUT OUT ! :D PLEASE ?
MY DICK
to send you tracks,I produce
Hiding Our Feelings Will Only Make This Love Tougher ..
If you think "everything happens for a reason" about EVERYTHING that happens life gets more fun. Try it. I'm serious.
Don't forget that if you think it's hot in your office, think about your field employees. Noting says I care about your safety like H2O.
Food lust and I am about to tear into pig. Damn that guy cooks a lot of pig! mysteriously disappeared during cleanup.
I have panic attacks about what would happen if the site shuts down
#thatawkwardmoment when im actually wrong... and i admit it.
Braun. The Dodgers have been out of it since June 1st!
remember when I kicked in church?!
RT : Where are you going to get your #tacotuesday on? DM your email and I'll send you a drink! #bartab + tacos=
Watching Dawson's Creek episodes instead of writing papers. God I love the 90s
Get your finances together people. Most of your life depends on it.
true that!
Where do you want Austins next concert to be?
Love my new iPod touch.
This is our weekend, thanks for the #ff. Go
Broke my big toe. Like an idiot of of course.
- it was insightful, I took notes and will keep them in mind when I establish the business. All the best with Colonial.
More than half the people ever born are still alive; maybe death ISN'T inevitable.
Never hit a man with glasses. Use your fist.
Thanks for the suggestions!
well he sounds like a total asshat. be proud of who you are - there's nothing wrong with you! :D
ikr!! Me too!
Please note we'll be closing at Noon on Nov 23rd, and closed all day Nov. 24th and 25th. Happy Thanksgiving & safe travels everyone!
Disconnecting until Monday. Weekend in the wild!
Come try our new Veggie Soup! Roasted Red Pepper Corn Chowder! Perfect for a cold day like today!
The Vikings and Giants sold every seat at a neutral site in Detroit in 90 minutes all with one day notice! Only in the
Welcome! I hope you enjoy. I'm looking forward to your comments.
1st bathroom someone pissed all over both stalls, 2nd bathroom under construction, 3rd bathroom I can finally go and tweet this.
In some meetings at #alamw11 I get so excited I start talking loudly, waving my hands & smiling and ppl act like I'm nuts.
Yes sir. Cannot beat the old stadium.
dude that is me....
Do they have any commercials for gay men? That aren't on gay websites?
Wauwatosa -- Structure Fire 66th and North. Mutual Aid West Allis and Elm Grove. One victim removed from fire. Med unit requested.
I pulled my hair back though. I'm good.
in need of some company!
I'm hurt that my top model is not even following me!
cool thanks :-)
Glad that it was useful. The great thing is there are few right or wrong answers, mainly degrees of experimentation...
Scott Brooks just called Kobe the best in the game.
Sign up for Daily Deal of the Day Tweets, starting 06/01/10 Check out the opening day coupon for Water World of Colorado www.denver4less.com
I hope my first check's good tomorrow. I wanna get so shitfaced tomorrow night or Saturday.
RT : A2: Corp websites are good places for benefits info; but go to SOCIAL profiles to get a feel for the culture.
I want to gouge your eyes out
Thank you Alonso - can't wait to read your ebook on making social familiar!
Any other details about Celso's passing? Writing a bit about it for Seattle Weekly and any more information would help.Thanks!
Oh so like pics of jusin n jamie...and a Pic of a fish n hunny bee By jamie??
that's true
thanksgiving with a (=
I'll allow you to keep that fantasy, ma'am, despite it being pure fabrication. :-)
I want Lieutenant Uhura's dress.
“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” - Henry Ford
HAPPY PLAYOFF PURPLE #Ravens PEOPLE. CAW!!“ ”
Case in point, I was listening to #BonIver last night and this morning. You think that would stimulate facial hair growth, but nothing!
One minute!
me too. They were a tease.
heheheeh, are you riding in zz morning?
Totally enjoyed 's performance at last night!
Nice to see Ernst Krenek and Flying Lotus in the same list : )
like it so far! I havent connected w/anyone yet Only thing, I'm having technical difficulties w/ linking/unlinking social media
RT : NEWSWIRE: Jar Of Change On Dresser Sadly Factoring Into A Number Of Financial Decisions
Schyler! Plz audition for Idol again! You were amazing! :)
u got to follow me so i can reply 2 ur messages bt yes u r
love you too!
I wonder how big Front Row Amy's boobs will look at Opening Day on Friday.
got you fa sho! ;-) Have a blessed day!
I take a calcium supplement and a multivitamin daily. Both are gummies. I'm 30.
I'm an Episcopal, that's Catholic Light. Same religion...half the guilt.
Every member interaction (teller, website, call center, etc) is a Rare Opportunity to Wow. Are you Wowing your members?
Guess who is gonna be a bronco??? PEYTON!
Yum. I ate mine fast!
Finally took my Platinum Cami out of her box. She's so much prettier than I thought she was when I first got her!
hahaha so funny, don't blame ya. gatech isn't quite as rowdy...
If possible, would you mind letting Brian know I'd like to ask him a few questions about R-teaching? (I'll email him as well)
living on the edge at Wendy's with a fish sandwich!!
Any thing you do you have to take risk and pray for a great outcome #
As an org, what are the benefits of joining? Will we learn how to create better experiences for our volunteers?
My white guilt has once again forced me to order wheat bread to avoid looking racist.
What about Pete Fountain?: A letter to the editor
Love P Thomas this week. D Thomas may not play, Mendy get's your other RB spot. Boldin at WR. Flex PPR Fitz, Stndrd Torain
every body is either pregnant , has a kid , or a druggie
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Arnold Bennet
Honcho lifestyle tip #12 - The police aren't you're friends. Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck the police and fuck em
I just heard "dude, we can't get those, they give u booty breath." "Girls we'll be with won't know enough to care."
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, you know you got it if it makes you feel good.
FHF is gearing up for 2012. We need help with marketing, sponsorships, membership and events. Who is in?
Say it isn't so. Oh, the irony! I was in DC last week! Are you sure I can't lure you into working ?
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
omg! He is too cute like I need to have him!!
If this is true, #Obama endorsement is less amazing than how rapidly the electorate "evolved" on the issue. -
I cnt wait til i get home
Great stuff! Especially the last few minutes.
Hate when my business gets put out
“: Admit it. You care about too many people who would never care about you.”
I fuckin love mangos...but there will always be haters smh lol
is!! entering traditional and unique catagories.
Time to relax.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe. I LOVE YOU ♥ xx
#hashtagshots might be my favorite thing when it comes to annual meeting. #aam2012 (I'm starting early)
How the fuck did I cut my foot when I have been sitting on it.
fuck u all
follow back please I love you videos!!
lol yeah yeah
ah thats crazy! :)
Headed to Philly tomorrow w/ to see some #blocSTARS in #scottsboroboys and the tour of #memphis !
I am who I am. Either you like me or you don't.”
Good nite out...bout to blaze up now playin some hiphop..
Merry Christmas from all of us at Appalachian Granny's!
The artificial intelligence of MusicXrays is mind-blowing!
and then SeaHawks anr Ravens are the next victims? Sure why not?
What kind of asshole steals textbooks the week before finals? Seriously. That's just rude.
This kid behind me just said whatevs and I instantly wanted to punch him in the face
RT thank god you don't know my boss….oh wait... Bwhahahaha!!!
Won a free pizza just minutes after witnessing my 1st NHL goal at my 1st NHL hockey game with It's a good day
I think I'm in love with Evernote.
Back in the day, whenever Kevin Garnett would check T-Mac, it was MUST SEE TV
iuu shot op .. ok la llevo
Ya right
There ain't nothing like a fat girl in a one piece swim suit.
Thanks for the kind words Listening to of describe social media strategy to a room of dinosaurs.Nice work!
that was a dare... haha
Ouiji board is scary a'f ._. with
This afternoon I'm listening to descriptions of encounters with snakes, stings from scorpions, etc, in the desert
?? With peace there is no absolution of freedom, freedom is living in purest form
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail - Abraham Maslow
RT : Congratulations to Lea, who is getting married today! She's here this mornin' getting made up fabulous by
A man can stand anything except a succession of ordinary days
that wasn't an offer
so much for going out and the Knicks losing
A home care company in the south hills
Yessir! RT #LAKings already clinched a playoff spot, now to take the division!!
Wednesdays at Salute. Live Jazz and $8 martinis. 46 East Superior. mention the tweet to get 10% off
please please please please please follow me! ♥ i wuv you
. Got tired of nasty bitches. Now fuck off and bother someone else, scumbag.
i dont like dark girls
I HAVE to tweet this.. i know—TOTALLY professional of me www.peopleofwalmart.com
shout out oh I'm watching Victorious <3
I know ._. But he seems like he goes into serious depression idk... Just nvm
Why is it that I feel like this #Social46 thing is a bit exclusive and elitist?
May not be able to do both; physical limitations. But will try.
Woman who suffered similar spinal chord injury to Jack Jablonski, offers family hope tonight at 9:20 on Fox 9.
RT : Social Media Centers of Excellence provides governance, policies guidelines, training and best practices
Oh we'll be great together alright. ;)
Angry birds has stolen my life. It has taken me from my family and kicked my dog. Okay all but that last part...
Servpro Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Buy a camera you can afford and that feels good in your hand. That matters, you have to like using it.
Now she telln me that she gon' tell all her friends im like ok
Ehmagawd scary! At least she didn't bring that up (;
I hate his likes
Fantastic!!!! Great job!!!! I start tomorrow. Gonna have to stay very busy. I predict cooking :) Congrats on day 1 Chef!
Great list Melissa, very well done.. when can we expect the HPDHp1 review Pottercast.anxiously awaiting your thoughts.. EPIC!
that cool
: Number of Ping #RSAC party attendees exceeded upper bound expectation by 150%, tequila consumption by 180% > and turned em away
same amd rapper u keep sendon me dockhead "lool"messages its cotny chill out
Love this! Cool idea for MacArthur Park.
8 years to go...
third day of mtu error and verizon is blamining xbox and xbox blaming verizon! spent 4 hours on hold so far. can you HELP?
An SAPD officer is dead this morning after a wrong way driver hit the female officer. She passed away at the hospital.
I want sum subway nd shrimp..nd mayb a corn dog wit sum lemonade
Most Important: all who are out of town "AllStar Orlando " please have fun / be safe! And get back home in 1piece!!!!
Hey man congratulations!!
Getting prepped for the Office Technology Conference. I'm presenting with and Lauren McSwain-Starett
Press Coffee at City North is closed???
Studying Latin with nuevo tango music. Quite a relaxing Monday...
although that's not all bad. You can dispose of excess, but you can't go back and get it.
Simultaneous #perfectgame in Seattle and #grandslam at fenway. Now back to the #stanleycup. #letsgoRangers!
RT Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT disease discovered by same man who first described #ALS - French neurologist Jean-Martin Charcot
Great day for drummers! The tamborrada started at 12AM &continues for a full 24 hrs-traditional Basque way to celebrate St. Sebastian's Day.
I don't think they have...
stay tuned: it will be functional and screenshot soon! ("soon" == after final exams)
I will not be in today because my power is cut off, I have no gas in my car and my telephone is cut off and my wife bounced $700 worth of...
Hyped about auditions tomorrow, we are also filming for behind the scenes so be sure to look your best!!!
Don't forget your copies of the Embellish Vampire Saga on Kindle & Nook & other Readers for $2.99! Get yours soon. It ends March 31st.
I can't sleep... dammit
“: Lugar's loss to Tea Party feels like bad news for country. Pushes GOP further to Right. Discourages cooperation.”
does it look really bad???
lol go buy something good n be like oh I forgot it at home then take it for u lol
Couldn't agree more! RT : Love this tip: involve and share your staff, volunteers, donors on camera.
"Put Me In Coach!" That's right, time to start thinking about that company tailgate outing to Miller Park! Summer slots are filling up fast!
but he hasn't tweeted anything yet!
Thanks for the share!
Happy belated Birthday !! <3
GREAT PRESENTATION GROUP 2!!!
And the winner of the beanie is....! Come down to to pick up your beanie!
The amazing Judy Garland singing it! bit.ly/vaL8pX fb.me/1gaMT1ZgG
Be precise in your wording. If you say you will "help," say exactly what kind, and how much, help you are offering
Loving the "Blame the Boredom, Blame the Basements" set list!
Also very odd trends on #googleplus our feed is entirely filled with pandas. #Friday 's bring out the best posts.
well hun let in more about this link
Gold Parties all across the USA. Call (800) 774-9134 to book a party ANYWHERE! OR go to www.thegoldpartypeople.com now!
Come on buffaloes
exactly what i'm doing now. the only way i will fail is if i give up. for me success in this biz is not a question of if, only when.
DM your email
you are sillier ;-)
Dear Alec Baldwin:​ Take the 1st step, which is the biggest step you will take in your life, & delete Words with Friends from your iphone.
seems like yesterday you were playing at GRC!
have you heard owl city's new EP yet??
I havent watched in weeks....looking forward to WM?
I wonder how many friends I have on Facebook.. On second thought, who cares?
Thanks to our man in San Antonio, we know that King is down 3-1 heading to the seventh inning.
I'm a grind an brew coffee drinker try to buy organic beans cuz I drink 4 morning cups give or take. Nice to tweet!
no he is not. who told u he is a congress leader? he is not even a member of congress party
Santorum on Cuba is so confused I am embarrassed for him and his apparently innocent family.
let's just say i have lots of "time" on my "hands" right now. :)
TRUE. Ahh I love the faith! :D
We are thrilled with all the great presentations at the inaugural #LAUNCHedu event! Hope to see everyone at the LAUNCHedu Part at 7:30!
Our Twitter party with starts in 5 mins! Get ready to share & hear creative & innovative ideas w/ other inspired moms!
#NowPlaying: Scribble by
Fear the beard!
No problem! any time :)
Your friends at b1 bicycles wish you a safe and happy memorial day!
I Love When Boys Act Their Self's Show's Alot.
i know you do, i still remember that night you put me up on game about the old school radio station (y)
Thanking life for all the great things it has given me. I wish I had a different word instead of lucky or blessed. Sincerely grateful.
Usually when I do that my friends end up blocking each other RT Arguing politics on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow back! I really enjoy your #inspiration tweets! Keep the great tweets coming!:)
Go take a nap at Gage's house.
awe thank you. I'm really worried bout her. :'(
have fun throwing your life down the drain ;)
LOL!!! “: I pity the fool who cares what Ted Nugent thinks.”
A great Pinterest board for Brain art from
honestly tho, when don't I talk about chicken? NEVER. it was pretty obvi there paulina. lololol.
I miss my man!
Hey, somebody says we're the "best of" … bit.ly/jWfA2h … check out the "best of" my Twitter reading for the past week!
Screw you Ms.Keiken Pedro Pupperman is someones name out there
How I wish I responded to my tweet. but it will never happen. or:
Great volleyball match. Basketball, not so much.
Are you still working on your album or is it finished?
Thank you for following me. Working towards a dream :) Nice to have your support!
Happy Wednesday! What have you guys been up to?
shhhh, secret code!
it's all about my O's!
Excuse my French but I'm in France. I'm just sayin.
65 visitors and counting for Car Schmar tonight ! We're nearing capacity for this event.
Deal of the Day at Chico's for January 19: Pants - $19. Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income. ~ George Foreman
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :)
never forget where you have been. The life you have lived shapes the future.
Thanks for the recco to Great to see fans tell their friends about us.
“: we should catch and game and get a bite to eat coach.” let's do it!
"You're speechless I see, a fine quality in a wife."
They think it's a giant mutant super dog, but perhaps it's an otter hologram.
THAT'S why your butt is so little.....
Google Maps is currently my best friend.
Inspired by a one man mission to help AL #tornado victims. How you can help on Fox at 10.
Home.. Nyquil and KU highlights and replay... all gravy baby
#FavMusic #KCA #BigTimeRush Vote vote vote #BTR deserves to win for there amzing n hard work?
How lovely to think that no one need wait a moment. We can start now to improve the world. Anne Frank
I want a relationship like Louis and eleanor ... And Liam and Danielle
"THE BEST THINGS IN LIFE AREN'T THINGS" - from #2 of Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
Night on the town in the D. Bc we be imported from Detroit.
“: Am I the only 1 who can drink this early?”/!!!!
With the people I love the most! Minus JB lol... Baby baby baby oh
Except for Jeff Foxworthy, these guys are hilarious!
School a but I have to go
Taylor Issues* XD
“: WareWolf mode tonight! #FullMoon” teen wolf
* cuts off slow music puts on reggae * Time To Twerk
we're all on the same pg! :) i.e. almost all PMCIDs have corresponding PMID - exception of book reviews/out of Pubmed scope
Stay by the ones that truly love you play the ones that play you and take all you want. Live it!!!!
thanks! I'll look for it!
Let her kiss the bride!
Looking for a great stocking stuffer idea? Try our one hour jump cards!
making 15 elementary schoolers get up and do yoga in the middle of class: PRICELESS. especially since it was relevant to the lesson.
It's Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden! Stop by between 10 and 3 to check out all the booths and see our many blooming plants!
lol yes we have :) my bad ... That's cool .. I tried to be productive but I'm back in bed bc I don't feel well
Thanks Heartbeats Photography for the fun shoot today! :)
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. -Leonardo da Vinci
matter fact im calling now
Try our new Crispy Onion and Spinach Turkey Burger!
Yes! This account still exists! :) I feel compelled to tell you how great the weather is here in Chicago, but I'm resisting.
one reason I'm at the parish anniv is to meet richard hunt. I took a pic of the work I own by him to show him. He remembers it! I'm siked!
Anything that you starve will die if you don't FEED into joy robbers you will kill depression and enjoy freedom and happiness starting now!
Was it suitable for an 8 or 10 year old girl?
Slop Where. Are. You.
RT : #SantaFe Residents in need: Use code "DISTRESSED" to get $49 room rate at Lodge at SF or $79 room rate at Hotel Plaza...
No matter how painful your decision has been, as long as you can sleep well at night, it means you made the right choice.
Can you please play Chuck Wicks single "Old School" please?
Woke up to a hot house -_______-
Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Horn will host a news conference with City of San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders at 8 p.m. at the County OES
when is good for you? And I can't come to you,in case you were unaware.
Practice was str8...
Another day another dollar! Grind hard...sleep later!
glad you like it :) means a lot!!
Glad the rain has stopped. Annie was right - the sun will come out!
you can do better.. the thing that pisses me of is people don't give a crap about how THE OTHER PERSON feels
One day you'll be scrolling threw your phone and my name will be the first to pop up . You'll regret never giving me a chance ! #sucker !
happy birthday!
How do I get my friends in Canada, California, Washington, Florida and Georgia to try your hot dogs?
Watching Joel McHale on KellyLive, if #NBC doesn't renew #Community I'm going to be really really mad!!
i havent been on this account in forrevveerr!
had a good work out with my girl see you in the morning!
Celebrating the resurrection and Jesus' victory over death during our morning bible study
Two years later and I still don't know why. Missin you.
agreed! Nsync reunion tour please :) haha
honesty!!! Sum chickz act like that's hard to do
My life feels like a cruel comedy of errors today
thanks! Hey we can coordinate Delaware trips soon!
#sxsw these guys bring the party- follow
I like a good syndicate.
On Friday we take the stage with and N'Stank must've cancelled... those Primadonnas.
Hey,I Love to Sing And Dance But I Don't Think I'm Good Enough Can You Help Me?
;-) RT : To all my humanitarian friends, We're hosting a mothers day dinner at Claras house shelter 5/11 6-8pm
Haha yes, that sentence was cut off at an awkward point. Click the link to read the rest of the post!
I swear, me too
I cannot walk 50 yards in those things...
gotta marry u one day . ! on the grind to do so lmao
MIA Herald Music Critic & great guy Howard Cohen on w/ me 4:30OM 91.3 FM
“: So what do you want for A brand new car .. Make a donation on nixacountry for details. Lol
dm what u do now bro
#ilvolo let's trend that (;
pretty eyed, pirate smile, you'll marry a music man.
um that was a good play
hi ! Long time no tweet. Hope you're well. Moved from Orlando to Nashville. Met your dad the other night. Nice guy!
We're really looking forward to today's Executive Roundtable on #MarketingAutomation Conversation!
I am now referring to the Texas Tech campus as the torture chamber for the next 3-4 weeks. Thanks Dr. Clark for the inspiration.
thanks Colin!! Best part is there's so much more awesomeness where that came from :)
Hello Amanda. Thanks for following us. Will you come in a watch some football with us this weekend? #wheresmadden?
Alumni Association meeting today, May 5, 2011 @ 7:00pm in the lecture hall. Email for more information!
no problem ;D
really excited! :)
doesn't like being sick. Sleeps all morning, up all night.
“The problem with the Internet startup craze isn’t that too many people are starting companies; it’s that people aren’t sticking with it” SJ
what makes u think u can be a porn star and a human being??? Lol jk
Finding tortillas in Boston is just as hard as finding Italian in Austin. I have a deli negotiation going on.
downloaded! Thanks
My brain is ready to implode from being overcaffienated.
thanks! We're working on some, hopefully we can get them out soon!
Stop with the spam messages :/
I love you too man and it's cool I'm glad you did
What are you going To watch today at the md film fest?
What's happening ??
Thanks for the follow!
You forgot Don Maynard. Wow. #nfl #jets #giants. Played in both SBIII and Colts OT win over NYG in 1958.
people love me (:
Religion and Politics: I simply wish we could MOVE the discussion BACK to pragmatic solutions to our nation's pressing problems.
"Justin what do you wanna be when you grow up" "im ganna be, im ganna be, im ganna be a.... Crossing Guard"
Thank you so much,guys!!You were marvelous!And all the best with the Festival! You rock,or shall I say,you swing..!hehe
is that special for the giveaway? usually 1 hour before first pitch
Kenny, the restaurant's on fire, I'll call you back.
David Bowie Book Fake Exposed
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn.
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. Help them with a donation today. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
are you in the "burgh"?
In the grocery line with that person in front of me who is questioning every transaction and penny added to her receipt.
of course
yeah... Bummer. Though I'm sure the rest of the proposal will wow them :)
I'm about to turn these girls into superstars...watch me work ;)
We're having a great week here at the Hill. Hope your week has been as wonderful!
I'm in the mood for some Japanese
Happy Birthday, Elisha! Can't wait to see you both!!!!
When you put all your time effort and trust into something or someone and it ends up not working out.
Thanks for the cupcake ;)
my shoulder is killing me :((
But I'm drinking Lean though
Back in the town
Its Wednesday, and a great day to try out our new Unlimited leads and dialer package, one monthly flat rate.Contact #magnalogix 866.460.6611
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
John Brennan: "There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for [national self-defense]."
Sunday... Church, #NASCAR from 'Dega, and family...I'll take it ;)
Ain't nobody know it was birthday til I said something!
Miss the love of my life , need my running mate. You better be in Chi for my bday! <3
I'm so glad you are!
Lifelong process of knowledge gathering, collaboration & exploration is goal of liberal arts education
Swallowed a bug on my run today
Final Countdown- Ha!
Happy holidays to all
New kitten loves the blow torch.
I never liked typical hair salon talk. I wish my hairstylist didn't expect a convo/cut deal from me. Just meaningless chatter...
aw. Someone else said it and trust me she wasn't.
Jay Reynolds from Malice just shared the cover art for the new Malice album. Looks amazing! CD out in may, and he assures me a tour follows!
will u sell that In pill form or 2x4s to the face? If u choose the 2x4 form, I'd love to be a salesman for you...
I think that same guy was at Fado a couple of weeks ago. The Irish bartenders were having a field day laughing at him.
After seeing Blair Underwood on CNN I want to see A Streetcar Named Desire. Great reinterpretation & he doesn't seem so bad either.
so whats the excuse from lastnight?
Sweet, i'll see if i can drop by and hang some
lololol g-g-get it girl
THANKS.........UR WELCOME
They can't hang w/ us
« chilled at for a while today»
We will be close today and Wednesday...see you Thursday...Happy Jack
aren't you upset Stevey Baby is retiring?
Having a love/hate relationship with last night. Well done Jete... well done. ugh
Auburndale City Commissioner Jack Myers Q1 total is $26,990 for his Senate run to replace Paula Dockery.
The Radleys, by Matt Haig: lots of fun with vampires
#Vegas people - Artisan used to be really local friendly. Now, not so much. Where do you all go these days?
Thanks so much for the follow!
You obviously didn't see my hair lol
QT : tralalapreggers?tralala//you know I had uterine cancer and can't have kids, right?
A year ago.
watching coffee bar episode and just realized you are a fellow Packer and Badger. In college at the same time, grew up in GB
asdfg! I'm bored and my cat is making me mad >_>
happy birthday!
We be to rap what key be to lock
Ha Ha! You're absolutely right Jason.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis declared martial law in Richmond & CSA authorities arrested several "Unionists."
I hate how now your name appears very litto im my inbox):
1st day off in a long time. Aint answering the phone if it's work, ain't checking email, ain't doing jack. I'm sure they'll survive-barely
it's a very impressive collection which makes a lot of the interactive experiences seem like addons.
Family xmas presents are done. Expensive, but done.
Does anyone know if Bmore's 32nd St/Waverly Farmers Market will be open Saturday? Some area markets are closing for Irene.
Yankee Candle #GrandOpening this Friday, March 9th
Was just there last night! The creme brulee w/butternut squash for desert was like a perfect pumpkin pie!
Sounds great! I'm looking forward to reading your tweets. :)
#BeforeYouExit love you guys. ♥
no problem! i am going to look into more for my company so I'll let you know if I find anything valuable.
yes please
to have #sales confidence, you must first build and develop your SELF-confidence. learn more about #sales #psychology in my ebook.
blergh. time to stop answering the phone today.
About to hit this shower......then bump until I fall asleep..
#nowplaying Here come Santa Clause
Sometimes you get so fustrated and burnt out on rehearsing and playing out you just need a break this is my first break in over 20yrs.
People watching at Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills.
Public library patrons browse; academic patrons search. Evocative dust jackets help for browsing; not so much for searching.
I hate how everyone puts #team____ !
lol! I think it was a tie!!
Santa clause brought me a new laptop:) #couldn'tbehappier:)
going on a cup cake run using my
Bobby the Fifth is gonna have a lot of patchwork to do tonight.
Of course! We can compare!
Hanging with the world famous (shoes in bag)
About to talk about with students at Via Skype!
ONE thing I found out in life...... KEEP GOD FIRST....period...that should be your FIRST LOVE at all times.
Butler has the heart of lions. Theyre not the most talented team left, but theyll out play any team left. Wis having off night
i love u so much<3 it was nice seeing you today! i really hope you see this<3
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rays--some small redemption for the season.
Downtown #Indy is Close to Perfect because where else can you eat, spend time on the canal, shop, go to a game, and enjoy yourself!
yes! I hate the panthers!
how was the left over Chinese? I hear it's better than Ryan's!
nothing much, working.
my goodness! how do you not put that in!
thanks! We really appreciate it
Have you bought your Easter candy? What's your all-time have Easter treat? We LOVE the Recces Eggs!
Thank you so much for the tweets! I really appreciate it. You're awesome!
Ah there's the
Interesting episode on the future of food, on now! Check it out Boston - 90.9
Or a cherry berry chiller from McDonald's.
Come on, newsfolks, it really is "marriage equality" not just "gay marriage". Watching at the moment, but it's rampant.
Blues and Booze Wednesdays! $5.00 Stoli Mixers plus enjoy the music of Alex Wilson Band 7:22 to close!
#ff my beautiful and talented wife
Im on a cell phone trying to get a finalist spot spent all my time tweeting you.
We're excited to announce that we'll be playing Reggies Music Joint in Chicago Sunday, March 18th at 8:45PM (2105 S State St.) More TBA
Yea I'm an asshole . Get over it
Every time I need a pick me up I go
You'll find me at coachella hittin a blunt with snoop and holographic tupac
omg brazil hahahahaha
So glad to see that update on my phone! Made my day!!
Really intrigued to see
Goldfish crackers are the only snacks that smile, probably because they're baked.
So it's offensive to blame white males for what they did? Lol
Thanks! Yankees, NY Giants Knicks, Rangers
what a cosigning, ass kissing, hop-on faggot you are.
Busy day ahead. #GOP Missouri 4th Congressional District Convention followed by #Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
Heading to Breckenridge for a ski trip. Hope an engine doesn't blow like last time I flew.
Call time is 7am on Thursday for the NCAA games at the Rose Garden. Almost makes me miss VYT school shows.
Pondering #mla12 panels #s495-Form & Ideology & #s541-Lit & Other Arts, which situated themselves adjacent to but not part of the #dh convo.
Robles Elementary lockdown lifted after two men rob a man on the street, and then crash their car. Deputies can't find either robber.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were
Your's or are you quoting someone?
I did that earlier today with the kitchen cupboard. Not fun!
Just to be clear, considering he is at the Ryman tonight, Boozecamp is in now way affiliated with Mellencamp
Printing business is pretty competative in this tough economy. Most printers are willing to negotiate on price.
8 track tapes are so last decade. Cassette tapes can fast forward AND rewind!
You remind me of a girl, that I once knew...
MANE THE THAT TUPAC HOLAGRAM LOOK TO REAL .........I LOOK AT THAT JUNT TWICE
Gerrymandering used by state leg to design unusually shaped districts to aid maj party. States draw up districts.
congrats! next step: #RealLife success! Get it gurrrrrllllll
Your mom!
For the market rally we are in the end of month commit the cash phase. Not a time to get sucked in with the fund managers
diamonds in my ears, pradas on my zipper, gucci be da slippers DAMN IM FEELIN GIPPER
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.-Joseph Chilton Pearce
Im home sickk from school.. Can you please follow me? It would help me feel better:)
Just trying to stay young and hip! 😉
Looking for media sponsor for Tour dates.
Sipping coffee and waiting for noon and lunch w/ a friend in NYC to talk about writing program stuff. My coffee is made by Maker's Mark.
can you come on NWSports Tonight on AM860(CBS0 in Portland to talk about your article?
Thanks for the follows!! I need to start baking some cupcakes now! :-/
It's ORD, and it's not even close.
Oh wait, no, I'm sorry, that wasn't a question. I'm creepy. (Call.Me.Boo.)
We're buying new button pins. Anyone know any places with good prices? Thanks
The voting process in Wisconsin is ridiculously archaic. And I'm not just talking about the 90 year olds working the polling locations.
There's always that one song that reminds me of you
An apple a day will help you play! <3
I don't tweet; I squak!
And I was just about to ask title! “: I'm re-reading a book I HATED in grad school. Really like lots of it now.”
I was right there for you through everything & you were the one to leave me for her.
ok i am back
Brewers are one of the early games on Sat..... (Please be 11 EST)
I'm not gonna pretend to be someone I'm not for u cause evenly someone will love me for who I am..
sure can! Hope all is swell!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Gmail users experience outage
And she's preggers
This rain putting me right back to sleep... Smh
everything is not for facebook
Time to do some more work on this team recruiting video with (Scarface's Emeritus >>> Classic) coming thru the speakers.
HI again! Sorry I've been off the radar. Food poisoning then work. YUP We will travel ANYWHERE Any excuse for Paris especially
Did you manage to have fun this weekend despite the rain?
Thank you!!
THis thanksgiving Im not during the headach with family stickin with just us two
LOL. well, that is a great reason to follow! Thanks!
you gotta embrace it though - the kids are growing up with this and don't know any different!
would love to host a 2013 practice rnd w/ u'all this summer. Drinks & BBQ 2 follow @ the new digs
Getting my Twitter profile up and running - sleepy day, supper's cooking, nice day off from work! :)
Heading to Leverage ConCon Convention Today downtown PDX (Portland for you outsiders!).
ha……. yeah, no. lol I'm betting he goes to Miami.
Clippers get the rebound after Grizzlies miss two free throw, but land out of bounds. Grizzlies get the ball back.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
If I can't watch Xavier I'll cheer for former X players that are now coaching. Go bobcats!
My mom refuses to get me my own coffee. I want coffee.. right now.
This had better be my last MRI for a while, that's all I have to say.
I need to get weirder.
I'm no good, girl, no good for you.
Also, last time: did proposal, got accepted, then did the research. That was weird.
I'm not saying I condone breastfeeding a 3yo but I'm not screaming in the streets about it. Should it be front page news, not to me.
blue screen of death
I don't get Homestuck either. It's like an old point-and-click adventure game but not.
Consider yourself followed! Haha
Loved the intense rainy day though it went away as quickly as it appeared.
April 16th show @ The Spot has been changed to SATURDAY APRIL 17 at the same location!
|#quotes In business, one of the challenges is making sure that your product is the easiest to experience and complete a sale.
Hah, really? Thanks for letting me know! I may awkwardly lurk there for a bit while too nervous to ask anything...
3RD #WINNER FOR NFL WEEK 2...COLTS/PHINS #TAKETHEOVER (42)...SHOULD BE A GOOD #MNF GAME.....GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE!
Agreed! : What would have really been nice, ad about real top issues for #LGBT Americans, employment, not tax breaks 4 chosen few
You guys are very fortunate to have such a #classact guy like JG on your team. you are missed in Bmore!
“: Word on the street is is gunna be at cheeky tonight” true story!
Are you in DC?
Ha, nice. You gonna have the spot filled with groupies like Ben Folds lol. See if we have any more Son of Bazerk.
I'm rapping
go see I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS. it is a great film.
Me (singing to myself): "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.." .. : "You've known me for like 9 years."
My dreams are playing games with me i swear lol,
I hate copy machines.
Next Saturday we are making food baskets for 90 needy families. You can provide a family a Thanksgiving feast for $45 www.feedchicago.org
Love how knew I was sitting home on my computer.. :O
Congrats, Matt! Sounds like a great fit for you.
Since the 1940's Republicans and corporations have blasted holes in our #labor rights RT organizing is a right not privilege
Client complimented me. Said I do good work and "Easy" to work with. Photogs, check ego at the door.
Hummingbirds are here. And in 50mph winds, too.
The new born ruffins is pretty rad.
guess what I'm #cooking tonight! Zuke pasta!
Instead of wondering what is the purpose of life, LIVE a life with purpose.
And we are looking forward to seeing them!
She said can u get a ringtone please....Umm ringtones are
did krazyk just rip ass all raunchy about it?
So you were the one that caused that to happen?!? Shame on you TX_RG...
Greinke's no decision is a perfect example why there shouldn't be a set playbook in baseball. Don't bring in a closer "just because"
☋ Anyone having a birthday today? Love this quote: “Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.”—Mark Twain
that's super cute :)
sounds like a challenge :)
shows picture of cardboard box full of digital media storage devices "this used to be our digital archive"
Same for Whitney. That show is shit
Money is the anthem of success, so put on mascara and your party dress.
oh huevos rancheros YUM! Now Im hungry!
Oh!! Congrats!! How exciting!!
thanks for following, you have some pretty good tweets (:
Almost everyone knows someone in the military. Share a photo and show us your hero!
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOO!!!!!!! (: GATORS. ALL THE DAMN WAY. GET DOWN BAMA
Ohh ok..looked a lil troubled
Full Strength. Delaware up 1-0. 8:20 left in the first
I don't get why people say duck? I think it's stupid, just go ahead and say fuck. FUCK! See how easy that was?
Stuart Scott, the master of overusing bad catch phases and glass eyeballs
and give lots of nappy rashes - not sure if it is really worth it
Future is the truth.
I'm tutally wilin' now! Where do I get my VIPs?
Unless the Lord builds the house, they labor in vain who build it; unless the Lord guards the city, the watchman stays awake in vain. Ps127
“: you got tix to the nuggets/lakers series?” yes sir..Friday/Sunday.
thanks for the RT!
On my hustle this morning gota get it !
She don't believe in shootin' stars, But she believe in shoes & cars..Wood floors in the new apartment, couture from the store's department.
I hope that social media helps people more than it harms them - Dear God, please let twitter make me money.
Stop in for a sandwich while you're on the north side cheerin' on the
heard that
Real talk, I need to remember this RT : People will be people... Why get surprised?
Know Before You Go! Lights! Motors! Action! Extreme Stunt Show will be closed for refurbishment from April 29-May 2.
thanks you :) RT No matter how many wineries I visit, none have a better red than the Reggae Red!
LOL beezys hahaha“: I just saw a chick sprinting in stilletos. Say what you want about LA girls, but these beezys are talented.”
lol well its about time missy! It took u 20years to follow me lol u still bored?
Whenever somebody talks about "simpler times," they usually mean a time when medicine sucked and everyone was crazy racist.
Thanks for the follow! Would love to see you at the conference!
BLAH!! when my cell phone rings i see the last numbers 7000 i shake! but no oh just wondering when your available to retest again... BLAH!!!
happy new decade in japan.
good morning gorgeous;)
and all of them look like me...
1/2 They are paperbacks. A little confused myself how to get them Google "World Book Night", check there Twiiter or...
Well, YEAH! lol. This sucks.
Hmm did you get a hit off me? No. And I couldn't help the score we were already getting pounded.
Our annual V-Day Fair will take place at Hunter on THURS, FEB 17TH! Stop by for music, baked foods & feminist revolution!
Well I guess that wasn't my 500th tweet.... Awkward....
Since my cat bit my nose her punishment is to let me hold her up my shirt because I'm cold and her furs so warm. It feels quiet good.
My mom bought me some more hot suace. Life is good. (:
Happy birthday to the coolest lil' bro I could ask for. Cheers, Marcus!
Hm....that's interesting.
Feeling is mutual! “: Thank you for the support! Love you guys.”
Cathy, I love what your doing. Do you have a blog or website? Outdoors Geek rents quality camping gear nationwide.
antique bourbon to celebrate
Watching "the king's speech". With all the Aussie-bashing the monarchy did, I now understand why this movie was big with the commonwealth.
ive been yelling YOLO all day for no reason!
Please send all the details to
Out for a min but ya boy is back!!
I need to feel better by tonight!!
Im not sick
We must keep the dream alive!GBMLKJ
This is AZ. Shoot them.
Gonna stay happy
I love people who can say the simplest things to me and cheer me up.
Q2. Funniest get up/outfit you've seen or worn while traveling
I am cooking dinner, kids are chopping up a pumpkin for the compost & husband is practicing fly fishing in the driveway. LOVE being at home.
Oh yes. Definitely. Just his page has no mention of Akron and "one more TBD" under the Puerto Rico heading.
what happened to "being best friends and talking everyday?"
Who brought pie and where's Tonya and Greg???
sorry I'm clearing out my timeline
clearly nobody likes me on here anymore...ive been slacking cause of school. im sorry :(
90cents and climbing ! awesome !!
The path to sales hasn't changed, but the journey has. Now people rely on search for answers.
If I see another " Free Whomever " teeshirt I swear... How bout when they get out, you give them a " Stop Doing Dumb Shit " tee shirt.
Be sure to follow Newark Pride Alliance CEO
Ricky Rubio looking impressive against Miami
@ in da mix live radio station
cheers bro and yuppers were Great thanks for asking and hope u guys r well down there :)
we aren't dating . but when I see you walking w/ someone else I just wanna punch them in the face
": Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single."
Oh my goodness, Goose! That's crazy!
Just found scribbled on scrap of paper: "book boner." Something I overheard at a book fair some time ago.
"So much F’d up crap happens in Florida" hehe
Happy Tuesday, it's going to be a great day with nice weather- join us on the !
Trying to calm down idek why I let someone get me upset im better then that
Feelin a little anxious about this dentist appt. ugh!! What music should I listen to during my surgery?
One full ticket? That would work. Thanks for the response.
The point is, writing code is not enough.
is it wing night yet?
where is the proof that he got kicked out of the bar? There is none. All rumours and hear say.
The decision has been made...
So cute! Can't wait to see the look book. xo
oh where oh where was Monchele today? hm. lol
Announcement on new Sequence Media Channels and online directories later today.It is going to be a VERY busy month as new shows roll out.
Guess ill b taking off work tomorrow too!
Jason H. Sherwood is speaking today to the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers on Short Sales and Alternatives to Foreclosure.
Loves nights like these.
Sorry, man, I also produce. Thanks, tho.
I'm glad you looked it up !!
i forgot to tell her O:
Feel like I should do jumping jacks, push -ups, and maybe make some juice today. RIP Jack Lalanne
glad you agree. keep sayin' it. we love long beach...we love long beach ;)
Im so bored!
I wish he could just see..
Timeline is dead :) I could go for some fun tonight! Wahh
I HATE STARWARS :/
don't hate the player, hate the game.
Puzzle is complete :)
I'm sure its all rumors .
Sorry I missed this. He's incredible! Everyone is predicting a linebacker, so I'm satisfied! RT Thanks! How is the little one?
Who has time to watch (care about) regular season games? Not me! Come October... go #Braves!
RIP The great Earl Scruggs, An American original
Even my TL isn't keeping my attention. This is a problem
Have a super great day planned with
Whatever! You are totally gonna rock it.
Damn it, Jerry, indeed. Thoughts on The Office?
OKC & Celtics in finals!! I got 5 on it
People get creative making money on eBay - selling big ticket items: life, house and love, lunch and now even vote! WOW.
If you had 15 minutes with the head of a department, what questions would you ask to discover training/development needs?
good night school tomorrow!
duly noted
maybe if the fans hadn't acted like a lunchroom wrestling crowd, we'd go back. racial taunts, objects thrown, fans hurt, etc.
Anything new coming out in the near future?
Salon^PK is now open! Call (904) 636-0787 to schedule your appointment.
#haiti Follow Shelterbox USA tweets @ their new site Lets support this org that brings shelter /supplies to victims in need
is my dream boy!<3
Excellent news...reservations needed for small parties?
Not in person. So no.
should help him cover that bounces check out west..
lol for the time being
Although he's undoing his sisters bra with his spare hand. Pretty baller.
Ok #ronroberts says I can go to bed. I am taking his advice. It's been fun. Glad I didn't play the drinking game.
Watching the dopest documentary on QED, its on hip hop and sampling. Turn it on if you're at the crib.
I guess I'm not nice. Oh well lol
Do you remember it? :)
And baptized her little sister Rebecca today!
Starting this day bright and early by subbing for some baby ballerinas at BDC! Perfect! :)
Rebecca has been cooking for me again at Publix ;)
OMG....really tho!!!
#ifyoudontknowmebynow tweet me! get to know me :)
I bought a popstar magazine just so I could read your part (: I dont even like magazines. Hehehe
Why doesn't have pull to refresh?
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.-Proverb
That was my first thought too.
Yum! Aren't they awesome?! :) RT Loving this ice pop tampico flavored
Pick all 4 sides and bet em big with bookmakers, just chino the bookmaker u lose with,
Been following for a bit now and he's always on responding to every tweet he gets! That's pretty commendable.
It Requires authorized numbers; Mine is not one. Not fair to neighbor for me to ask to add my 5 phones to MicroCell.
Sup bro!?!? I speak to you but you don't respond back. How bout some RT love? WTF?!?!?!
Wow a must see! Historical Korean re-creations with teddy bears??!! Crazy!
1 day left till the #pitch conference at Mountain View! A gathering of intelligent, dynamic, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy women!
tell all of your friends to come!!
I need to start on birthday plan.s for NX month
#nascar the driver r driving better and safer
Social business integrates social media into entire org and business processes -
I predict that LeRoy Butler loses the card with GB's 2nd Round pick on it and just wings it at the podium.
love you! Yeah true, but I feel bad about it bc he's like obsessed now
too bad I am meeting friends to watch CL final. Good luck!
Do you ever look at your mentions and laugh or are we not funny enough?
Good Morning! Stop by and try some Mr. Nice(G13x HP), Strain of the day at a reduced donation :)
RT : Greed tempts the man who lacks self control, whereas the contented man, knows that everything he needs will come his way.
is really dumb enough to believe the goofy things he says, but are voters that stupid?
Town Council workstudy tonight 530pm. Levels of Service Budget discussion related to Legal Services, Recycling and Transportation.
lol yes yes you do
Well put...LaRussa is just a pile.
bitch bought me rocawear I told her take that shit back
Is anybody actually in defo and wanting to do anything tonight??
Our buddy Iris Leonardo will be headlining at the house of blues this thursday! She got mad skills so go check her out!!
I uploaded it on the way back to my desk. Now you're sure.
#20thingsaboutme ; my favorite color is lime green. (;
A coworker was excited until I told him it probably wasn't British.
Just got stung by a BEE! !! IF YOU KNOW ME , you know i hate FUCKING BEES! !!
Tim burton is a beast
Not that big of a fan but dang you guys are cutee ;) You guys should do a song with :D
ps have fun and stay out of trouble ;)
I give up. That is the MOTHER of all decorative flasks.
ha!!! Have a safe trip both you and POL!!
RT : I'd be more into the Oprah show being over if we got to sink her and turn her into an artificial reef at the very end.
taco belle for dinner . hell yeah
Re-designing my company site - MAM5ive Creativegroup V2 coming soon...
If a tomato is a fruit, then isn’t ketchup technically a smoothie?
gotta love those typos... meant to say your... Must be the excitement of the day, haha. Cheers, Christine! ;-)
“: #MettaWorldPeace>>>” what the hell was he thinking?
A company got paid and then never stayed in touch or kept his clients updated. Where's the number?
I love my nights that are spent with my love
The American Civil Liberties Union...ACLU...has a Socialist agenda!
A night of reflecting on why I am THANKFUL that God allowed me the AMAZING CHILDREN that call me "MOM"
I would guess. some have serious allergies, stomach disorders, gluten intolerance... others don't... etc etc.
Words out project runway is casting for the new season! Get apps in by 3/15
Nokero is so pleased about the distribution made by One Million Lights to families in the Philippines.
next time! got an on-campus meeting so will be in office tomorrow. will send good vibes to #rva #coworkers!
The Battle of Puebla. French defeat, Mexican victory, margarita not invented yet.
My phone is deciding to be dumb.
RT Music video this weekend--- follow to get exclusive footage of behind the scenes
amazing meal in the sun @ Iron Cactus with and
just heard that last smash from my Chi-town fam.
What does success mean to you? Is health a factor in enjoying it? Is health a factor in achieving it?
Happy Friday!
Now we're having dessert! M vanilla key lime & honey chiffon cake!
when are you back in the westside??? I miss you!!
No Youth Court this weekend! Also, please be aware that our offices are closed Thursday, November 11th in honor of Veteran's Day.
I want to put a hole in this wall.
Thank you for the follow.. Now following back. Look forward to the info. Please send any questions you might have...
*blushing* Thank you so much for the wonderful wishes. You are too much! Hope to see you soon!!
hahahahahahah (x omg too funny
I was under the impression Shaquille O'Neal tweeted at least 10 times a day.
It's a New Year, but the same Lions in Lambeau.
Me: "I'm a wizard", Friend: "Then prove it", Me:"Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts."
Im working through a list of names right now. thanks for sending me ur girl.
The nice thing about living amongst college kids, is that when u want to party, you can tell them to go STFU, but sucks when u want quite.
When your away too long, it feels as if apart of me is gone.
RT : Cruise.com Sales/Customer Service Trainer Needed! Email resume to
todays my first day of summer break.....bout fuckin time
aight! Woo and summer is coming up! Woohoo!
D3 Brings LED Display Technology to Landmark New York City Theatre Venues; Introduces First LED Marquee Display in ...
#PiratesoftheCaribbean on repeat now. #HansZimmer still doing work
still awhile-that decision belongs to distributor after post is finished “: So when is coming out?”
« « To get to a #Gemini 's heart is you have to get through their head, they like a challenge.»»
former? :P
watching movies not shot for 3D is like listening to music through tin cans
boyfriend video made us wet OH MY GOD IDSOYSDIG HAHAHHAHAHA
The one time a ribbon cant help me.
I am in CA and didn't know that! Do you know who we connect with to get our #sandiego teens involved?
changed my username back. i wasnt feeling the new one :))))
did you pass La Washa? That's where I went to middle school.
At my bestfriend's house ^.^
No #shutdown. Back to plan A. Just wish Plan B were not such an issue for the fundies.
It's a perfect week to winterize your gardens. Cutting down perennials, mulching and planting tulip time is now!
NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER! They will never get it.
Most of these girls from dance are FAKE as fuck!
Putting the vasectomy off too long wasn't a good idea: looks like #4 is on the way.
Thank you ! And for your continued support! :)
Thank you! Share it with your followers
Let B.C.N. provide you with reputable ,prescreened contacts from all over the world .
Your turn (: follow back? :D
There's always one in every crowd. I wonder if i have ever been that one.
That was very well said, Alcides!
I have never used the word polecat, written or spoken!
Waiting file my aunt then I'm off to Seminole till Thursday night :)!
my english teacher workin them heels!! haha ;)
Bob Stokes~ The world is proof that God is a committee.
ps...starting the circle...
Come on NBA. Bring in some talent for the dunk contest like the good old days. Blake, bron and howard. Shit is weak!
#WeWontWork If you still listen to your bestfriends.
being blunt aint wrong :-)
I need to get back in the gym
but it was the best soup ever! I know it sold because you ran out sometimes. This is like the Starbucks molasses cookie conspiracy!
How to spend a saturday night??? Answer: watching Selena duh!!!!
Just noticed you were on the board of Digital Harbor Foundation! Hope to connect with you soon!
Welcome to the dark side!
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due. My spring break has officially begun!!!
Just Fuck It ..
all good again :)
A truly tragic loss.
I always act like I dont care , but on the inside I really do care.
When all the trees have been cut down, when all the animals have been hunted, when all the waters are polluted, when all the air is unsafe …
thats fine! But i have two, they are both called photo collage, ones red blue and yellow and the other one says phc on it!
our brainwaves were crossing, just said the same thing re: australian egalleys
Shut it down
Been thinking of trading in my Lexus for the new GS. I keep getting ads online that just tease me and are getting me closer to doing it!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Apocalypse 2012: *It will all be over soon*
Book your ski vacation now - # join other sexy couples for a swingers weekend on the slopes of Breckenridge! #
hat (a #mlb #kcroyals model) was long gone by then.
looking forward to our webseries. It is going to be fun!
No It A Be Gone By The Morning
i just got an idea to make an OMMWriter email client. this is the only idea i've ever had that i felt passionate about at all.
Don't forget, Skybox has $3 garlic fries & $2 bud lights during all mariner games !
lmao RT : #RideOrDieStans RT shout out to all the real heat fans who are still keeping the faith this post season
you meant, Geaux Saints. But I won't tell anyone.
I wish it were true about parenting today. My grandmother hasn't talked to my mother in 10 years, hasn't met my daughter or nephews..
I'm playing skyrim and just can't figure out what to do but climb mountains.
I'm Swiftie, too. It's good know it :]
....is it acceptable to put "Office"? I've used Excel & Access a lot, which far fewer people have Word.
what up bro?
What's a guy gotta do to get some followers, huh?
#TheVoice Ducky was much better than some people who have already made it through. :(
If you see the shirts & think I need a bigger one get a Large! Lol!
This drag just scared the ish out of me n wanna start screaming!!
4 losses for Cuse Lax now. Might need to win out (& probably will) to get NCAA bid. #Craziness RT MLAX: Correction. 12-6 Cornell win.
good to meet you at the edcamp mtg. I'm teaching debate this summer. you have any super lessons I can borrow?
Welcome - it will be a great night.....
To do list: go to a bank wearing a ski mask. complete a normal transaction. leave as if nothing happened.
More pumped for Kyrie, because I understand basketball now. I was 11 after LeBron's rookie year haha
I Guess He Thought I Was Coming Lastnite Huh Lol
Merry xmas sweetheart! i want to cu!
I Put Up The Westside Sign At Ms.Frazier , She Was Like What Is That , I Said " Westside " And She Said " Respect " & Threw Up Her Dueces :)
yikes.. apparently she's coming to JC to film her new show. Hopefully the pregnancy will cancel the shenanigans.
ok sorry. Just wondering. :)
That's a fail? If it's a concern, grab the version off of GitHub, but be aware it comes in a folder with a rather long file name!
Imagine that. No invite. It's starting to bother me now. Whatever.
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 7
Thanks for the mention! It's been a great day so far.
LSU is just Ware-ing down the Ducks defensive line
People who brought us 5 Hour Energy have a new product, iChill which apparently has the exact opposite affect when consumed...no joke!
I'm super skeptical about that show... Did you like it?
hot!!!...proud u ma...doin ur thing....this is one of my favs...
Not live tweeting #Survivor tonight, because I don't think my marriage can survive 2 live tweet nights per week. After the bachelor tho...
hey here's my twitter so follow me maybe? Please Alli is today my day? :)
#imagine Louis is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
Goshen sucks I miss the city
you can park for free at ours, or do valet and tip em
I voted
s/o to Melly Mel! She's going to be dancing on the bar tonight @ Sutra. Don't miss it. Lol!
That's it. Im buying another motorcycle
I want a board!
Congrats! We are excited to publish your work!
kerbey lane lunch, food trailer festival, free delta spirit show, then manchester orchestra also for free? WHY AM I LEAVING AUSTIN?!
still hurts & now I can hardly lift my arm without pain in my shoulder :(
Damn this gloomy weather D: WHERE'S THE SUN!?
shout out to all my october B-Days Baby...!!!! Aye
Ah! I will be leaving to visit family in Blacksburg VA. Perhaps another time
SHOW: April 26 at the Roxy! All Ages // 9:45 pm Flyer coming soon! Save the date ;-)
#TalkReal is all I do, but I'm sure your extremely promiscuous nature is not your defining trait. Haha.
Wow Can't sleep!? Bored!
Paranormal investigators do it all night.
I love that pooch picture...why do cockers look away so much when they are hugged..I have one too..a rescue..she rescued me...lol
#craigslist is already blacked out for #sopa protest
NFL does scrimmages between teams now?
So that old dude on the ship at the end of tonight - Olivia's prophesied killer from the animated episode?
Hey Green Room! What is the most difficult or challenging role you've played onstage (or backstage)? How did you rise to the occasion?
Ya please continue following me please my following thing acting up
Ha! Shaved yesterday. Was scaring the baby. I support you. RT : Hey are we supporting #movember with mustaches tomorrow?
Shop small with us today! Get a limite dedition Night Owl tote bag FREE with any purchase no matter how small. Woohoo!
Fairley is so late
i believe we have someone headed out there. pretty sure he put you guys on his sched
Thnks we're excited too. Pick up June's issue of Gen Health- We're in "Eating Right: Tea Health 101" on pg. 41!
getting a band started in a small town sucks
Sighting: iPhone 4 right next to me on subway. I had to stop myself from staring, eyes-bugging!
'Hello' is such a faded hit now, but last year it was smoking hot.
I'm not usually one to watch the College Basketball Invitational, but this Pitt-Butler game is pretty good...
“: Can't wait til next season”
a good old #CappysPizza this was a college favorite of mine back in the day.
"You're shoes are ugly" "So is your face!" Hahahahahahahahahahaha
It's the calm before the storm in #austin #texas. Hope my flight to #nyc gets out at 7am!
i NEED to see the avengers
My dads pissed at me.
Live fast, have fun, and be a bit mischievous
love the Atlanta-ish. Trying to tie some loose ends so I can be more out and about
learned to never take me into Petsmart. I will want to buy every pet and will refuse to leave.
The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders. - Vince Lombardi
I wonder what's the shortest amount of time someone has regretted getting a tattoo right after getting it.
Good night my love
Judge Keesler: There is a danger that as a bar and as lawyers and judges we mistake activity for achievement #charlottecle #ediscovery ^BM
Attention: I have Springsteen tickets tonight so none of you jerks better create any breaking news situations today. That is all.
Watching the dark night
Player torching the Lakers? Just put Kobe on em.
:) nice new twitter name! Haha :)
"we're building for the future" they'll say, as they fall deeper in the draft. best to drink heavily on b-day
Thanks for following my twitter Neil. I agree it's all about the small decisions that compose all of life.
I am watch diary of a wimpy kid
SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE WHO HAD A BDAY THIS WEEK!!!!!!! BDAY PEOPLE MAKE THAT NOISE!
Musical lineup for top of 11th: Wilco; Warren Zevon;
Love the All Together Campaign. Huge fan of wishing Veatrice Henson. A happy 100th birthday...Sprint.com/alltogethernow
Thanks for the follow ! I would love to get you in front of our 200,000 subscribers in #NM after restaurant week!
Thanks for the post!!! You rock
I am totally stoked... I'm all set for the new IDX. I'll get you the details. How soon can we make it active?
#TrainingTip: Cap your stair training times at 15 minutes---that's the time to shoot for on race day. Shoot for more repeats in less time.
RT : I now have 18 interesting web resources to look at from today's #sschat. Thank you! --> Me too! I have all these open tabs!
Don't fly spirit air. They refused to refund $191 fare to veteran who is dying.
I'll be checking on the weather in my area constantly - NE IN - we've had inches of rain and suppose to be changing to snow YUCK
Molly thanks for the follow! We always love it when we can connect with fellow Marquette alumni.
I like to pretend there's a loud DUN, DUN, DUNNNN! after sentences like that. Makes them exciting.
Our intern, , has left the building. We'll miss him! He did great!
wait...you're up here in NYC and didn't call... bo
I am a premed major so homework and studying but I decided I miss twitter so Im back =] how are you?
if I "need" alcohol to be there, I think I shouldn't plan on dishing out the cash to be there, y'know?
RT : New entries for our H MUSIC Song of the Month.
No more "Curling films"?!?! Oh, LC, why so must you make the Canadian catalogers cry?
O you go to notre dame bro.... Classic nick dirienzo
hello liam :) how are you today?
#mywordoftheday listen // clients, friends, family, pets, news, followers, your parents = good listening will give you an edge
Every 9 1/2 min, someone in the U.S. is infected with HIV. Call us at 877-411-TKNO to know your HIV status today and we will come to YOU!
#SometimesIJustWant to go on a road trip heading no where. It's the adventure and not the destination that you'll remember when you're older
Lmfao you're going to hate me
Hopefully YOU know Karma.
Looks like #Westbrook free throws didnt work.
u welcome
RT : Dear We will all leave mitten shaped cookies if you declare #MI the true mitten state.
I enjoy the wee hours most. I'm just a people person, I guess.
MT : Europe's rejection of austerity in favor of stimulus policies shd be viewed as a positive for world economy. Reject austerity.
Harden is on a mission
Looking forward to Measuring Social Media Success on 5/17 at #uwebc. and Spectrum Brands presenting.
Actually, I probably won't be doing any creative work at all tomorrow.
for what Joe? Any word?
I just don't understand, why you running from a good man baby? Why you wanna turn your back on love.. why you've already given up..
that awkward moment when LinkedIn sends invites to the majority of ur gmail contacts not just the ones u selected...
I'm very jealous. Sounds so tasty!
Roobios tea, john maus, airport shuttle
I'm really having a hard time with #Paleo #paleodiet when sick with a stomach virus. I crave pasta, bagels, bread, rice, etc. Ugh.
Tweeted the man shitting on a solid gold toilet. RT : It's Thursday, how much $ has wasted today?
RT : Already excited about my friend being @ Cornerstone this Wed nite. Don't miss it - it's gonna b incredible!
They Pulled me Over #afterdark , I Had to do the Breathalizer Test, walk the Line,The Whole Nine Yards, These Cops Serious. Lol
Just want to cry.
Coming to Franklin Sq on April 21! MT : Docs in the Park is this Saturday at Gwynns Fall/Leakin Park!
Great movie!
I don't know why they never show up for you
Would you Retweet this? i love your singing :)
you're a nerd
Which panel are you in?
it's also very likely she's lying about living in a paper cave (though a few days ago there were bits of paper mache in her hair)
Did you do the same thing I did tonight?
You're all just scared Lol Pens take injuries and keep winning. Don't throw temper tantrums like a 4 yr girl.Torts
Exactly. No wonder I'm always lost.
RT : Will melo anounce the deal on conan?!?!?! I wouldn't miss it. Word is its goin down like right now
one assumes with proper Humphrey Bogart style Havanna headgear...
as long as they're not rude or violent, schizophrenics are my favourite type of people. i am oddly comforted by them.
I love the new louie show!!
Chicago's Finest<3
When you find money in your pockets>>>
Unusually satisfying Monday--making slow but steady project on book revision project
you got twitter yayy! Missing you! Me you & need to meet up ASAP! x
Our 1st Salsa Social tomorrow Oct. 1st at 10:00p.m. Best of Times Ballroom 6255 SW 8 Street. Parking in the back of bldg. Awesome!!!
RT : Q4) Be honest if youve changed/deleted & explain. Dont just reject their content w/o any discussion.
Damn I just want to my yearbook...see what he wrote!!
My Friend Elise Is PIG SITTING! Lulu Is The Pig And She is Super Adorable!
feeling that feeling that I feel when I feel stuff.
The suspense ... Will it be Juliette or Jamar?? Two of the best!
haha! Made me think of a lot of our clients; we are in Charlotte, lots of bankers & investment people.
Stoked for long boarding! Any fun tourist things to do?
I'm so goooooooooooneeeeeee.
Hi. I need a follow back if you want me to RT etc. thanks
not so sure about the cropped dude suit, homeboy... hm.
I'm a cool cat and changed my twitter I.d. Ya know.
Are you kidding me? Loe gives up a Granny on his 1st pitch! #Brewers bullpen with another failed outing. Wolf deserved better!
Excellent! Will check it out
I don't see you at work anymore, so this will have to do.
gotta agree hell of an album
I mean yeah cheating on somebody is worse than not texting them unless they text you first, but so you understand?
Anytime... you guys check that email yet? RT : wow, thanks!
Finally, NBA making progress towards ending this ridiculous lockout.
yes, we CLA types do like to ramble on..
Consulting with investors on selling short through Maven Research. Selling short for profits and a hedge.
Um, I use a gallon jug with a rubber stopper & airlock...but I'd have to pick foam stopper over aluminum foil.
Hmm good lax session
we love you too! :] please follow me? :)
So not feeling good today
so long #Portland, and thanks for all the drinks!
Love U, baby!!!
haha you gonna be in town today!
Who will get engaged this December?
A great tasting orange can lift me out of the worse moods. I need to carry one with me everywhere I go.
ever notice how broke people always wana dress up, but rich people always got on some chill shit
It doesn't matter as long as I trust the person delivering the link and they've given me enough context to be interested.
We are gearing up for another Brazilian Foodie events throughout Miami for Sept-Nov .... details, recipes, pics and food coming soon ....
I love this artist's work: www.michaeljohansson.com/works/strolls_through_time_and_space.html
can't wait :) when do you come back down? And it's almost your birthday <3
me too! I need momma Lori advice for everyday of my life usually. You help me keep my head on straight :) haha
Thanks for your support! RT : Sweet! I can't wait to get mine.. getting the "Pit Ball" one (of course)
Did you know: St. Paddy's Day celebrations extend all the way to Japan, Russia and Singapore. Don't miss the MKE parade - March 12 at noon!
And plus, I love KD
not taking anything away from Tebow but of the steelers were healthy things would have been much different!
I think that's true. Apparently people being wrong about the new BBC Irene Adler pushes all my crazy buttons.
Your welcome :]
You are a moron and a scumbag. Your "bongo" outburst on Maher was embarrassing. If you are ignorant, you should probably stfu.
I have so much more respect for puck
Bills are a bitch.
New media reconfigures not materiality, but the idea of materiality.
me too. well, anytime really. also applies to apple juice.
never let anyone try to bring you down! hold your head up as high as you can! =)
in case people don't know this yet, its hotter than the hounds of hell outside!
So I get nauseous whenever I smell food. I think I'm pregnant.
didn't have football today 
Q. How can you tell when a women is having a bad day? A. She has her tampon behind her ear,and she can`t find her cigarette.
Starting my weekend off right, with an Madtown Nutbrown!
Maybe I'll give a talk. How does day 2 work? Do u have to sign up to speak?
i wanna be famous one day but i have no talent.
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't open the damn door!
no problem you okay wit me
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice !
When darkness falls we'll draw near to the light. . .the light of the world
Our life could be a reality show
- great booth at the FAAN walk on Sunday in Denver. Thanks for all your doing to support those with food allergies!
fantastic! Also, if you have any regular spots, you can always invite me to tag along.
k I got you tomorrow!
MT : Called Kristof 19th C crusader @ panel & liberal crowd turned on me. Like some students: "What's wrong w/ paternalism?"”
Celebrate Soccer & meet team for Champions League Final 3pm 2morrow #Unleash and
Lakers and 2 SEC baseball games on. Loving this
Just found out about colorcop.net at #ctctbootcamp. Handy little tool for quick sampling colors on sites.
I love you your so cute
perfect throw by Jacory to hank for a U TD
woman after my own heart! that's how Jesus would spend Easter!
Jeffco Schools just called - they are now closed on Friday.
it's one of their best kept secrets!
Still up in Bexar County dispatch.....still slow going...
If you want to see some of the most hilarious ignorance of any Reds fan, check out tweets by I'd RT, but he blocked me. :(
Hey, thanks for the follow and nice to meet you ;-)
A few days early for #FF referral-- but you really need to follow ! She's just that awesome a singer/songwriter. Love her!
I added "Generations" and "Insurrection" to our queue. I don't think many of the other films are on Netflix Streaming :(
Status: Rally Cap On.
I must stay calm and believe in Karma.
Just saw the GoogleMaps Street View camera car driving down 7th Ave past MSG. It looked ridiculous, but it was pretty sweet.
Real People! Real God! Real Relationships! Real Change! Connect #GZconnect If you need more info about Connect Groups DM us..
furniture!! I'm so excited, had no idea. #ilearnsomuchontwitter Now on the #HPMkt agenda too
Wait. You're on the Interregnum committee?
“Chicago is one city. We shall work as one people for our common good and our common goals.” - Harold Washington
happy new year to you too!
RT: : You know who loves to dance and just released a book? that's who.
ok, cupcake talk is off limits. it's too early in the day. oh no, it's afternoon, yeah cupcake talk! yum
Signed up for an Evernote account in May '08. So why did it take nearly three years for me to become a zealous poweruser?
May Special: Custom Full Color #Banners $3.50 a sq. foot! We can handle large volume orders!
Getting 2 wake up & c 's handsome face in 's pages makes me feel kinda funny. He's dreamy!
you're sucking up... but I like it! Gauntlet, thrown!
(Q3?) RT What do we get, as arts orgs, out of these conversations? What's the underlying objective?
Yea its just a lame night that's all RT : Oh lol yea smh *shruggs*
Can we bring Bill Belichick to coach the Sox???
yikes.. I heart "makeup status"
Today is the Babies first day of Kindergarten! I am so full of emotions,Can't stand it! I am so proud to be her mommy.My baby is not my baby
true. This mix is called Collections & Connections and each song has to have a direct relationship with the next in some way.
RT : Two great shout outs this weekend: To for OU graduation & to for acceptance to UofF doc program. Woot!
thanks for following me. Can you tell me how my book is going to sell "Mastering Self-Motivation?"
. B.Rios vs. V.Ortiz, Las Vegas, 144lb limit, Ortiz wins by KO. Don't think Rios power follows him up the scales
at , #newtechnetwork is rethinking the role of teachers. They are creators, facilitators of student learning.
IT'S GOIN DOWN 2NYT INSIDE CLUB MANSION IT FINNA BE KRUNK!”
I hate sitting at the doctors, it's so boring!
Get involved with campus and student life. A student newspaper like the is a great place to start!
I need 59 followers Mention me!
. props are due to , not me.
Happy #FF to some great Chicago Tweeps
Will we ever get a tweet from you? :(
Sounds finger lickin' good.
Which books accompanied you on your last trip abroad? I had "The Wind-up Bird Chronicles" by Murakami- 624 pages of in-flight reading :)
"Lame" is deprecated, but I share your sentiment. I'm still clinging to a straw of hope nonetheless.
Basically, Jim and I want to be him. May end up that way one day. Snakeskin boots aren't that far from "Chicken Drafts"
- Hoot Hoot!! Owl pride.
[M]y Triple E?
La Jolla Scripps Underwater Park and Canyon.
rain is dry/how else/will real meaning/exclude itself
www.pledge4patriots.com is now in pre-production of the first radio commercial. Join...Donate....Volunteer become a member NOW!
I known I'd tip ya.
yu would say that!!
filming Papa Murphy's Commercial tomorrow and booked a lead in a narrative film! Woohoo!
oh okay
I think it's time to reevaluate some priorities...
#itshardwhen I think about something funny and I want to text you and laugh about it together, but then I remember we don't talk anymore
Gonna be a good fight always want money to win.
ha do tell
Why does ALA have to have a conference in a city without an airport? Seriously? Anaheim?
Seth's money…share more often!
just killed it at showcase!
Check out Del Mar's Holiday of Lights nightly from 5:30 to 10:00 (11:00pm Fri. & Sat.) at the Del Mar Fairgrounds!
My #Rangers in h-town today
Thank you Mr. Prater!
If you hire a recruitment agency and the first thing they do is post the job, you need a new recruitment agency. Anyone can post a job.
Great interview with on
Why can't anything ever go my way? Theres always something ruining everything.
all these thoughts runnin through my head <<>>
Who wants a Club Interlude discount flier? We'll be in the cities of Fontana, Bloomington, Rialto, Colton, & San Bernardino today...
Publicists need people to watch.
I love God!💗 #jesussaves 🙏🙏
's Kirk Stewart in #COMM483 today talking to us about seven global trends that affect corporate reputations
good choice on the slate ;)
older siblings are responsible for annoying their younger siblings. :)
If you seek darkness, it will find you. The problem is recognizing when it finds you, before it is too late.
Yeah but I look weird petting and playing fetch with trees
Thanks ! In retrospect, I should have asked your about the historical aspects of rockabilly in Vegas.
Everyone gets engaged on Xmas and valentines day, how come no one gets engaged on Earth Day?!? It would be unpredictable at least
Saturday morning and the babe is still sound asleep. Do I dare try and enjoy my coffee?!
I'm going to try and say "thank you," 100 times today. 99 to go.
>>Sarasota..not gonna be possible tho..got to many things goin on..I'm gonna have to autograph n send it to ya
Hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
downtown Santa Clara.
We'll be watching tonight! vs. should be a great bout! <3
:'( NO I HOPE BRIAN IS GOING TO BE OKAY!
why yes it is!
Tressel couldn't carry my jockstrap...
I just love - " Mean " is my favorite song right now.
Follow our buddies :D
I'm going thursday and friday too. If anything she'll buy it from u on thursday ! .. if u want
I usually have a glass of lemonade, but to each their own! Lol
Your Tryna Test Me , Your Gonna Fail
I could imagine running into Austin and just shaking because i'm right next to him.
Have you ever looked fear in the face and said I just don't care?
My buddy Caio is now freelancing, he is a Creative Director and is awesome....check out his site www.iamcaio.com
Watching Jersey Shore. :)
that's awesome. although I've never read it. or actually I may have. perhaps I can't remember.
And Spurs win WITHOUT their big 3 and Gary Neal. One more regular season game to go! Spurs extend win streak to 9.
Living life with appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, connects us with underlying infinite possibilities. Deepak Chopra
Wow, nicki Minaj, what? Somewhere even lady gaga is confused.
It feels like Christmas. It kind of hit me around lunchtime that I was going to be able to watch hockey tonight.
Watching Hard Knocks: Cincinnati Bengals from 2009 and saw your #ChildPlease explanation. Haha
I was following you guys BEFORE it was cool! haha :)
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!46
God made this whole world round, and maybe it's that way so the paths that we go down will meet again someday.
Attended cousin's wedding this afternoon. Thankfully there was an indoor backup plan. You just can't count on Pennsylvania weather!
Always a
A civilized man doesn't buy alcohol in bottles any less than a fifth or more than a liter.
“ The next two episodes look crazy!!! #Revenge :O”
Has anyone seen #ADangerousMethod? #movie @
Its been a full first day of the #OAH2012 #ncph2012 this is my first time here, I'm a little overloaded, but have enjoyed everything so far
On Life I Am Too
"just because your hair sucks, GET OFF MINE!" - The Princess Diaries :)
Dennis: Our economic department is free-market neoliberal leaning. Former Prof. Luis Fernando Medina wrote paper "It's The Politics, Stupid"
thanks for hosting another great event. Looking forward to spending more time down there!
OH YOUR IN TROUBLE!!!! 1:For not texting her back and 2: For not following back!!!!! Mind explaining <3
It's official: I've begun Scags at 30. Thoroughly excited. Please read Scags at 7 and at 18 so you can want to know what happens next.
wow class must be the worst
Great read...and cute!
having a crazy OCD moment with the albums with no artwork in iTunes.
I'm here brother, just been running all around Hollywood. Your boy have deadlines, time to turn up the heat brother. lol
RT : . just passed head coach Jay Heaps as the #Revs' all-time leader in minutes played (21,620)
You r doing it up big, Jay. Have lots of fun; I pray you have safe travels. Looking forward to working with you again soon
Kyle, is now following me. Are you behind this?
I think may see disco dancers performing on our conference room table soon.
well well well... look who is TWEETING!
.There is a dead animal decaying in my apartment. I can smell it but I can't find it. Driving me insane!
is gorgeous and you can tell by the way she smiles and laughes.(its so beautiful)
just realized how much I was missing, not being on twitter
Fuck yeah, #ChelseaLately! is a woman after my own heart!
RT : I freaking love wedges and platform high heels I don't even care that I'm tall I still wear them. I'm in heaven right now 
Shortly I will be attending a webinar "What every Records Manager needs to know about Share Point… but was afraid to ask."
Another headline we'll never see: "Kids Jazzed for More Standardized Tests"
RT : That's so cool! Dallas & OKC CAN agree on one thing...you rock! /Thank U! Will you be going to the game tonight?
Why is my timeline so dead.
Or throw their extra hot latte right back in your face.
asdfghjkl i know! i wanna go so bad :/
Read 3 articles on NC gay marriage ban, none of which quoted politicians & all of which quoted special interest groupies. You know, experts.
Woohoo! This is totally happening
yes only the second time. I'm "that guy" - you know, the one who takes the last cup and dips out!
I'm am honored that JR Rider is following me.
Happy birthday, Erik! We wish you a bday filled with day-old Hostess cupcakes! RT : #HappyBirthday, Sr. Principal
:( sorry, DaDa! Can't talk while here...not much time alone. Seems like a lifetime to me too! :( Expert climber on you, hubby!
"I fingered her so fast it sounded like pew pew pew"
how does that blonde girl get where justin is all the time............
work, gym, home, work, gym, home. I'm in a really exciting period of my life right now. Woo Hooo!
It is! -smirks-
parker misses the chip shot, that hurts
you don't have to be the fastest, you just can't be the slowest.
“: listen, i'm already going to look bad next to , I dont need upstaging me :)”> You guys crack me up!
Is AT&T Wireless down in the Miami Area?
I don't know of any books, but has some great videos on HTML and CSS.
#arlingtontx as described in NYT "this drab, featureless city a little closer to Fort Worth than to Dallas." True.. but I still like it.
Unilever confirms Alberto Culver shareholder approval to acquire company for $3.7 billion 17/12/2010 : London and Rotterdam: Unilever today
Haha aww thank you so much <3 You're too sweet!
it's my birthday!!!
I'm a OG like my daddy and a Hustler like my mama (true story)
Thanks, Adriana. I may be blaming you for this…
Lots off sirens over here near 52 and salisbury
tomorrow, right?
If I Die Tomorrow i wonder if tears come to his eyes
I want to be where it's snowing right now...
Interesting.. My iphone is getting #smbmad updates faster than my iPad.
It is!!! RT : Hey PRIVATE SECTOR BONUSES ARE NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!
Thanks for sharing!!!!
indeed I do :) when r u back to NYC?
Been quite the morning here.
EW EW EW HES SO CREEPY! Excuse me while I go puke because this is so gross.
sitting on my back patio: fire in the pit, drink in my hand, wife by my side, dog at my feet. realizing i'm pretty damn lucky.
Hoping they do a local club date. I'll feel so old and depressed!
Every Main Room should have a Feature. What’s the Feature in your rooms?
It's a cool 84 degrees right now. It will be in the 90s soon. I would be willing to trade climates with you at that point! :)
I don't get why guys are so obsessed with Niki Minaj -_- No one comment on this cause I don't feel like arguing.
Anytime Chris.
Skip school and be in a music video, or go to school and sit through an AP class? Hm. Such a difficult decision.
I'm having withdrawals... I haven played soccer since a week in half ago.. Haha
Playing the tower bar at sunset towers, in duo, 7pm.
nothing much.....absolutely a gorgeous day.
Coming To America is on. :) My favorite movie!!
yes!!!! Same here
gahh well i hope everything turns out ok!
Will do :D
yea i got sumtin for dunn wen hes back lol his balls wont look like that wen me and u get him
if any of you guys have yet to check out Pinterest, lmk...I still have a few invites left!
What I love about the A: Grilling in 60 degree weather, on weekend evening in mid February.
are you in your new house yet K?
and Sydney McClure are GREAT at every sport.
You are so welcome...I still giggle thinking about you, light sabers and trying to avoid chicken poop. hahah
Playing in Rome, Ga tommorow!
It's our star & co-creator 's birthday! Way to be born!!
i'm beginning to see what you mean about organizing your life around that which is meaningful to you.
We are close
Things you shouldn't do by yourself: play mini golf
does ftp, mean fuck the police?
lol, tru but I'm a morning person anyways so I can hang! :-)
Happy Birthday to Dr. Kimball Johnson, founder of and Midtown West Medical in Atlanta. A brilliant mind, a huge heart. We <3 U
We're glad you're following us Katrina!
And I say chuuuurrrch!!!
I'm listening to moments, and I'm crying my eyes out... It brings back soo much memories for me. Amazing song though(:
Ah OK that's all you had to say. Haven't followed CO as much as the others.
wait... why is dude posting this stuff, saying MSNBC is FOxnews for gays, but his interests are "The Rachel Maddow SHow?"
Is there an issue we can help you with?
Netflix has the DVD.
The paper says they were not expired - would be good to know about self-signed
Mixing the #tabla for Return to Ambala (the partition song) Mithun killed it again.
Yay! Lots and lots of great stuff...
Mitt reminds me of Republican John Kerry. Both are unelectable.
thank you :)
Although of course the American right doesn't care much about the children of the working poor
Nothing better than shooting playoff game for their new #digideck platform~only thing better would be sighting.
but I am le tired.
Can I have 10 followers
Creative people love clean empty organized spaces - it gives them one more opportunity to create something new and live beyond their life!
Everyone is now trying to find AirPlay app on iTunes
Schecter is by far my favorite guitar company
I wrote some book revs for Elsevier jrnls, but won't anymore until they drop
When I talk to you, the rest of the world disappears. ♥
That Frank Romano video makes my time on Twitter worthwhile. Too bad he didn't talk more about his Viewmaster, though.
I'm not feeling good today. Just got back from my dialysis. Waiting on my prostate cancer test results. "sigh" I'm a little scared.
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by beautiful women. I know they're all too busy hating each other to notice me.
k ok
shes already ugly... on friday me and michael were eating candy he had and then we ate the sandwich i had.. she looked at us
NEWS FLASH - 50 serious crimes (Robberies, assaults, burglaries, & on & on) committed in Lexington in the past 24 hours
Peyton doesn't throw a pass for #Broncos. Am I the only one who thinks this may be a good sign?
I was good
Great dinner tonight at Loved the 3rd Coast fish.
oh, and yes... is fabulous.
Hey i just met u and this is crazy so heres my fist n ill punch her crazy :)
I never went to prom.
Ew, I kinda wish she wasn't picked to be a judge! .__.
making her first 4sq check in. on his way...maybe a sighting?
I respect and his takes on but he was wrong about the Masters today. Till Tiger retires every major lacks luster.
hey sexy!!
I keep getting DM's that people on another site said something about me.Fuck you it was in 2009 and I was super drunk assholes.
Since D' Antoni left my Knicks are 3-0 all double digit victories Lets go Knicks! all my loyal Knick fans stand up! #2012 champs
Looks like Lebron doesnt even want to win this game
": That a way Yadi! Maybe keeping Estrada in with bases loaded wasn't a good idea?" Maybe you shut up!
Thanks for doing that!
In space? That isn't the only place.
thanks for the mention!
I need my rai channel for the next 3 weeks....#giroditalia starts
Shoutout to for all her hard work. Rags is going to be amazing.
You know it's a great bday when you end night debating efficacy of stimulus & Keynesian vs. Austrian econ over jumbo slice cc:
yea Ito had a job and could buy whatever I would buy them
Our next one, for iPhone and Android, is coming very soon. Stay tuned.
Stopped in Green Dove for the first time and John took care of me with dank OG's and CO2 Sour Diesel Taffy. Best first timer deal in SD!!!
I'm at the Smithsonian Craft Show; excited to report that I won the "Excellence in Jewelry" award
Favorite song off #MDNA? too hard to say but probably
Right, but there are exceptions: app dls, 2 screen experiences. Abilities to drive traffic from FB diminished w/ timeline
Hey dudes good stuff!
ur amazing and so pretty hope u see this and follow me and rep?
I always get their americano if I'm forced to get from Starbucks. Coffee is over-roasted and over-brewed; americano a little better.
Christmas at the beach!
my mom and are gifts from God
Ohio state fans but ups on the most random assortment of cardboard cut outs to distract free throw shooters ever
You got this gurrl dig deep!
What are you in Vegas for?
That's neat! I don't have cash for strawberries today tho!
haha yes I am😃
#Stanford up to 14 turnovers, they average 13+ on the season. Still 11 to play but #UMass offense is ice cold now. 44-41 Stanford 10:45
What is United States Government?
In need of a car! If you have any info our what ever plz let me know! Thanks!
Larry never disappoints...but you have to meet my kids anyway, cause they are awesome :D
Usually in July. Stay tuned...
Sitting In my room bout to jump on my friend her ass snores to loud I cant go back to sleep
Third time this week I've run into
these r the type of tweets I can expect?
RT #bpchs Keep your heads up, thoughts positive and know we are a family regardless... So true! God bless!!
you still haven't slept ? or did you just take a nap ?
you're an odd odd person....
I think not! RT : So just became a citizen on tax day #coincidence?
. gives a "Parent Trigger" law briefing. Filner says supports law.
its ok my mama is at school
Gathering audio at press conference on women in science for NPR! Embargoed till 10. More then
JMac is on fire tonight.
Just finished 's book, interesting but lost me at the second half... Just random observations...
Today is dumb. That is all.
St. Patrick's Day is less than 2 weeks away! What is everyone's plans?
Rosie Pope is back on Bravo!!! Yay!
I hate people when they say "who are you?" in messenger... When they really know who you are
love me sum Toccara
no. I have a dinner tonight.
helitrox is a naui trimix class right? I don't know everybody's diff terms. I'm saving for trimix classes this fall
Here in Morocco? Oh it's cool/chilly, but not freezing like there or you-know-where. It's like 60-something in the daytime.
(AP) -- San Diego County medical examiner's office rules Junior Seau's death a suicide.
Bang on Kenny!! This past 7 days has proved it :-)
Thursday is a packed day. We have great networking, a great topic, great food, and this time - a monkey. Sold?
Is it possible to have your bracket busted before the tournament begins?
oh wow. Thank you!
RT : is a thought-provoking film (thanks )! It's hard to digest the fact that we waste tons...
wooohooo! thanks for the shout out and great to meet you too!
if you ever need to promote anything let me know we actually have quite a big audience now we can show video, insert linka ,etc
Big S/O to in the #WorldFamous #Platinumsuite !! Clean Mixing Engineer!!
My two favorite Christmas movies are on in a row ! CAN'T WAIT (: I love Christmas <3 #thischristmas #lastholiday 
I have a lot of general complaints about people today.
good to know. I wasn't sure how well they would protect the wearer.
come visit me :)
haha! Too funny
If you only have one smile in you, give it to the people you love. -- Maya Angelou
the key to true modern artistic innovation = mastering the digital future and combining it with the visual retro......
#MarkLogic let's the BBC focus on the content instead of the indexes.
alright but not 100% almost there.... thanks for asking
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 31
#SCdebate How are massive civilian "collateral damage" affecting our image overseas and what will you do about it as president?
yes really it's all over my damn TL!
DYLAN IS AT WRIGLEY FIELD HE's 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE SOMEONE TAKE ME TO THE CUBS GAME
My maternity leave starts in five weeks, y'all. You are more than welcome to follow me on my personal Twitter
Yesterday, I was an audience member on The View and apparently was seen on TV three times! Also, Elisabeth talked to me!
Thanks for the shout out! How's your weekend?
hehe hes never freaked me out
I've not been to anything other than a few Cubs/Brewers' games at Wrigley... no disrespect here. Interesting ...
#NoManShouldEver be confined to stereotypes based around his chance acquisition of a Y chromosome during gestation.
send me the link to that iphone commercial you were trying to show me yesterday! LeBron James so clutch BAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sunday is Friday's fun-hating sibling.
Haha! I see that you are a "Maybe" for the DS Simon holiday party...ah, vendors.. & PS can't wait for your xmas par-tay!
quit tweeting from the bathroom
Gimme this gimme that!!
No sweet thought to forward, no cute graphics to send. Just a 'Caring Heart' saying, 'Take Care!' Miss U!
dude it's national penguin day, I'm surprised you haven't said anything about it
I love !!!!! His songs be decent and he on every song out lol
"All things work together for good..."
Thought about the 1993 Atlanta Braves. Ate a breakfast taco. #SXSW (for )
roll dope with me ;)
Happy halloween I guess :)
About to screen #The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo for the second time :)
Playing baseball makes you automatically more attractive.
This weekend has kind of sucked..
You missed an "F" in there Roo. Love, Scoot.
buffalo is cold
Thank you sir! Call you tomorrow!
of corse. Education first. I take this shit serious.
We're underway at #EUCI web self service with my good bud talking about leveraging online maps to benefit customers.
Dinner tonight is egg noodles in a cream-of-chicken-soup/Velveeta/canned-corned-beef slurry. It is incredible.
I know what I should do - and what I'm going to do - and those are not the same thing.
as long as the cops don't think its real, or dangerous, and you're not causing problems, you're probably ok.
"On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?" "Cuba. Now leave."
How the hell wasn't that a lane violation??
*sniff* hi there!
That burger looks awesome! How did it taste?
Hoping to visit VA & WV this Fall to do Rutherford research. One brick wall to smash through - shared by hundreds of relatives.
I got it
Watching #Idol and can't figure out why people aren't voting for Elisse. She's amazing!! So talented!
RT : inspiring couple
apparently I like Twitter more than Facebook now. Gotta love tweetdeck :)
#ala11 Listening to Martha Iverson speak about the changing relationship between #librarians and
Thank you so much!
“: buying goodies for ze home?!?” got us a new iPod docking station so we can rage!
I can actually walk fine on it now it's do weird.
I just heard the phrase "bullstuff" as the replacement for a censored word in a movie. I am no longer watching that movie.
how are you!?!! Miss talking to you!
My mother once said, "Petey, there's a bright side to everything." She didn't own this team.
chocolate cheerios
Hey fellow entrepreneur ninjas it's National Entrepreneurship Week! Stand up and make yourself recognized for all your hard work!
The universe blesses those who hustle:
is navigating legal compliance, developing our pitch, creating term sheets & learning best practices.
aye bro did u schedule it placement test
OH MY GOD cutest dog ever!
no don't do itt
cheer up buttercup!
Now who do I follow that announces events? Wonder if they'll do me a twavor (twitter favor -- if that's not already a word I made it!).
Yup, I think it also helps that there are lots of people w/ dietary restrictions like gluten= lots of Passover friendly recipes.
7 students from are at West Chester University with Motivos today. Wuhoo! It's their 20th Annual #LASO #Student Conference.
"I am not concerned about the poor" - Mitt Romney... Go figure!
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
On call for computer problems today. We did a software upgrade for our ILS. It seems everything broke. Gonna be a long night.
calm down lol its not a big.deal hun
RIP fiddler on the roof ... Jerry Bock. We will miss u.
Just posted two new paintings. www.peggyguichu.com/works/295582 www.peggyguichu.com/works/295583
Congrats for FINALY getting a twitter!
running around trying to get stolen good back from teen thugs is a perfect hamster wheel workout.
Please welcome nofacenocase42 to the Max life
cant wait to see that episode i love u guys!!<3
Day 2 of #FinalsWeek. How's it going guys?
u said you would do me a favor and follow me and it would be great if you do cuz then my followers would be at an even #
you didn't miss that much....
embarrassing....and god forbid if they weren't white. 0.0. Bloody old people lol.
hope you had a good trip from LA!!
Tonight's Specials: Food: Lamb Burger: Balsamic Onion, Bleu Cheese, Tomato, Aoli w/ Side Drink: California Root Beer (Vodka, Galiano, Kalua)
God loves you. He will answer if you call
got the iPhone (:
former V #1 income earner. Left because of some really shady actions by the company.
Slammed with Twit DM Spam today. I am Blocking and Reporting all the "MADE ME LAUGH" phish's. To help track it.
.PERIODS OF HEAVIER SNOWFALL COMBINED WITH BLOWING SNOW MAY REDUCE VISIBILITIES SIGNIFICANTLY AT TIMES...DID I MENTION DRIVE SAFELY.
You mean more to me than you will ever know.
That thing that thing that thing!
Can't take this heat no more
PM already in control in Mile High #sportsbiz MT : #Broncos place bottle of #Gatorade - orange flavored - on podium. Manning time
Donate an auction item, request an invitation or purchase an ad in the catalog. Contact Mary Hilts 360.385.3102 ext. 116
#SmartIrrigation Tip: Save water! Choose plants w low H2O needs that will thrive in your climate. Consider sun, shade & size.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
(cont.) distance relationship. Wanted to be "Blue Valentine, Jr." but failed incredibly. Good performances couldn't save it.
People take sex far too seriously.
hey alisha I miss you. How have you been?
How Many Hoes Turn House Wife
I am so full.
Down to talk more.
good as well :) why are you guys at dads house ?
What I wouldn't give to be studying/taking a Pro Sports exam instead of everything else I'm doing
Need me in the game, I'm the thrill in your life Breath of fresh air
At some point, my countdown to lift-off dropped below double digits. In approximately 12 hours, I will have relocated to Portland. Crazy.
I'm in love with that tupac holograph
Going back to work was difficult today but I'm glad to have social contact with humans again
I NEED A VALENTINE :(
Thanks for the follow, have a great weekend!!!!
MY TEAM
Resnik: 'Courts don't produce justice; social and political will produces justice'
“: Bayyyybayyy if Chris Brown ever gave me a chance, I'm gon poke a hole in that condom.” 😳😳😳
I do have that special talent. it must have skipped you
crazy stuff in tpa.
Yea but Im 2 legit 2 quit so I keep trying Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
I go so fukin hard till my heart skip a beat!!!
Nothing better than bike riding to work and having some extra time for a couple of laps around the national mall
the best internet radio is my station
@ MTMK102 I've listened to tracks 2,5, and 6 so far and I like what I hear. No matter what keep going for it. You have some serious talent.
Hahaha I knew that one day we would find a way to reenter each other's lives
It's more important to be precise than verbose.
AYO ITS DIGGY AND HE IS CUTER WITHOUT HIS SUNGLASSES
lol what notes, we never took any
"Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security" – John Allen Paulos.
I might as well just start a business where I run every one's errands! Busy day ahead...
I know poor dame ;)
Know what's awesome? Getting review copies of books. Know what would be even more awesome? Getting paid to review those books.
Looking forward to another session with Michael Bram tomorrow - I think we'll be all done with tracking. This is going to be good...
I sometimes feel like running away and living like a Wild Boy!(:
Just ate snickerdoodle cookies w. Babe :D
interview at four!
Imagine how much better the #Royals offense would be if they got to face their own pitching staff?
It was so nice dining out with my sis and my brother thanks you guys best bday:-)
Dick Dad or Just Teasin'? Bill played a clip of a dad telling his 4 year-old she'll turn black, to which she flipped! 222-6000
I wish you the best!!!
Settling Somewhere single? Superbreeia.
Starting a campaign against writers using the phrase "New York in the 80s." We need a new creative myth.
#Twins win! #Twins win!
@ The Blue Mirror with the bestie
aces for kids is looking for vol in AZ, CALI, NV, IL, AND NYC, help us help abused kids, call 828-FOR-KIDS, write to !
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Thanks Debbie, it's nice to be in touch. Many Blessings, Alanna
Hopes has an amazing show tonight. Wishing we could have joined y'all. Thanks for giving us a listen and glad you enjoyed the tunes
thank you!
AIDES. Oh my.
his first choice of was already taken
My life is so blessed and a must thank my family and friends for that
John Mayer is on ellen (:
I'm determined to meet you today, Yesterday there were too many people around you.
thanks :) I like your white board. Maybe we can try that with ours.
lol well i hope you have a good day
Got a trenchcoat. Not sure if I should wear it or not.
Goodnight... have fun tomorrow. :)
Well now we play the we waiting game....
I love it too. I love it too. I love it too.!!! :)
Happy Leap Day! 7 leap days ago was my last day in the corporate world!! Always a special day in my heart!
Who am I kidding I will be up all night everyday this week bc its my last full week of high school and I wont be doing shit!!! :D
I saw the author at the 7:30am event. I am here to listen to what the others ask him.
Haven't slept, going to knock out...going to New Roc around 3 ¬_¬
media makin a big deal outta nothin, but I do feel bad for RG3 that he has to even address this silly question so early on.
": you guys playing in Herk this Friday? Did I hear that right?" Hell yes! Stoneys
that's mean!
1 more drop ever again :( I mean it was a tiny capful! ugh ugh ugh :( having UC & Chrone's disease really kicks my butt.
If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully
You have my vote!! ": i am running for President in order to help change the dialogue of this election. please support my...
Seems too good to be true RT : “: Eagles huge get by trading for Texans LB DeMeco Ryans.” Your thoughts, ?
When you come back from doing something and theres 162 new tweets..O.o
“: BREAKING: Man detained after entering Texas airport with explosives, Midland city spokeswoman says.” wow, getting crazy up in Midland
The opposite of success is not failure; it's mediocrity. Failure is actually part of the process of success.
Successful furniture sale! Sad to see some of my favorite pieces go but I know they went to good homes.
Drunk mom driving in KC<<<
Take a peek at my new site WWW.mybizxchange.com
Jacob is my name and sarcasm is my game
Paper chasin tell that paper look i'm right behind ya bitch real g's move in silence like lasagna
RT "In spite of your fear, do what you have to do". -Chin-Ning Chu
Cleopatra owned one of the world's first vibrators
I just accidentally copied a tweet because I hit the text and then didn't hit something else before the name. Awkward that it was rt too..
Join Help local women meet basic hygiene needs. See flyer
Winning a golf tournament & marrying your soulmate aren`t in the same solar system.
My dad is so quick to insult me.. Instead of calling me stupid, go to my school and find out how my grades are and then try nd say something
cashier. However, they should have some basic knowledge or a list of recommendations.
installing Xcode so i can install homebrew so i can install all kinds of awesome
Even when brad does nun brad still get the blame for it I would really love to know why
Hope everybody had a good Monday. Been busy here at WebCamWindow HQ - Working on cool stuff.
Block party at broadway & Ave V today! Panache and throwin it down!
Beverly Morgan-Welch, Executive Director of MAAH, will be a guest on BNN's Boston Seniors Count tomorrow at 3:30pm EST. TUNE IN!
Dude how did you know what me and Brooke were talking about while you were running!? Hahaha.
Hi there RossRobinson
hopes everyone stayed warm in the subfreezing temperatures last night.
Da fuck happened? I don't feel any older. Just sore
My impression left her froze!!
Thank you.
I saw one, had to get one. I just ordered my Nexus One, next business day will not come soon enough!
after everything you think your ever gonna make another song with game?
thank so much lol! Leave us a comment :)
That last pick by Hass reminded me of 2003 - Green Bay playoff game, without Al Harris' dreads
i sold my book back already -.- fuck my life. lmao
we appreciate that - we got some new pieces getting ready to drop - check out the last catalogue ...
Been great! But insanely busy...today's Miami U's one day of Fall Break, & I could easily spend it just making a to-do list.
When someone tells me, "Great question." I never hear their answer because I'm busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question.
Yes, please... Oh Cowboys cutie... ;)
Has the Ramones' "Pet Semetery" in my head. Not bad, head, but you can do better.
somehow you have to find that audience that's waiting for your play. Which is so not an easy thing to do
PS I like so much.
oh yeah, we forgot to mention #SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES ah, well, no we didn't. We just wanted to say it again. :-P
Mitt Romney is for shooting kids without recourse and eating kittens. I can lie as well as him.
GAMEDAY!!! hosts Temple at 330 and Softball hosts Delaware st at 5pm/ 7pm!!
it's the most wonderful time of the year
omg! I snorted so loud! Like SNORT!!! Hahhahaha.
I Needs to go shopping
Officer, I Have Every Right to be Here.
Happy Valentines day everyone! Share the love
im in happy mood right nw... maybe its bcus im horny lol
have a bad case of bronchitis :(
No, you think you tough.. and what are you going to do, hit a girl? Nigga please!
Ironically, call box use has also dropped by 93% in SD County since 1990
Thank you for introducing me to the black keys... They are bonerrific
I just gave myself the best Mother's Day gift EVER! My 1st #mammogram!
love your new twitpic cuz!
Yeah woke up from a nap about an hour ago. Fell asleep at 4. GUESS WHO IS NOT GOING TO SLEEP TONIGHT! Blah.
my 4 yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get!
The way my mom calls me boomboom >>> LOL. I dont even know why
At the Studio Movie Grill Scottsdale, out of all the luxury theaters this one is the least luxe. iPic is 1st, 2nd is Ulta Star Theater.
People surprise me every day with how heartless they can be
it's true
my responsible driving let to missing his class field trip. If only I would take the $340 red light violation.
Arrrrrggggghhhhhh!!!!!!! That is all.
Agree completely--Nebraska can't explain away this loss at home to a team that got dominated by UCLA--at home.
RT : Wow New Mexico Went Off !!!! Thanks For A Good Time !!!!!
Coding up my synth's persistence model. First, the WaveTable...
you too!
horny q
Whew...cold is an understatement!!
recovering from a long day in the sun baby and i are super tired!!! but gona do it all over again tomorrow
probably need the @ Twitter handle in there somewhere.
haha yeah doe!
I just got ice-cream in my iPod!!!!
Kobe not at Lakers shootaround this morning (sick) but expected to play tonight.
Easily the best feed on twiter. RT Just got hit by a car. Do you think he likes me?
There are no less than five "Calebs" playing. Confusing.
Great to meet you as well! Hope you had a great trip wine tasting!
RT : In my day, we enforced referential integrity by hand, one record at a time. Sometimes we worked all night.
More cream cheese than bagels? And no quiche?
He who cannot forgive others destroys a bridge over which he himself must pass.
why ru such a hater? I am sure the parents of those fine young men would disagree...come on...you are better than that Skip
this darn storm in the triple d done made my clear disconnect glad i got tmobile to back me up.JESUS MAD YALL. YALL HEAR THT.SMH.
Cookies? I like cookies.
thanks for the invite! I'll definitely try to stop by!
Just gird your loins for Game of Thrones. It's not for the faint of heart.
Fashion Week is in Full Swing ;) If YOU want to be walking in these exciting show this fall.. Upload you best mugshot to my wall TODAY!!
PROUD member of SAG/AFTRA since 1979
Love the "crank it up" segment during Nascar
You're ADORABLE!!!
Breakfast Burrito & Bloody Mary for 10 bucks. You can add chorizo for $1.
thanks, doug. i'd say more "inspired by" than "based on" though. LOVE , but is doing its own thing.
I like writting whenever I come accross an interesting idea. Hopefully with all the Apple products syncing, this should make it easier.
Can you feel it?
"We need to encourage #veteran entrepreneurship across the country" - co-founder John New.
I Have book too- but cant use w/ all Js new/multiple allergies~
album drops tomorrow... Go get it!!
Henry Rollins has a show? On nat geo!? Pretty cool.
hell no
such a classy lady!
. . was, 'I'm w/ these not-from-oil-corps dispersal scientists & ofcl pub hlth agncys. We agree it's ok rt now'
Exploring Latin American music with 1,000 metro school children at Lisner Auditorium. Great way to start the day!
Howdy! We're at Greenmount Cemetary visiting the graves of Civil War figures as we continue to explore #TheWhippingMan. Enjoy!
Giving thanks to Spirit for the orchestrated #SkitSkat of the genius maestro "The Cat" who traverses universal...
I deleted the tweeted realizing that there is no thing as a stratocaster bass. It's a Jazz. It looks like a strat but bassier.
Him coming to the bar was disastrous?? Or in a good way? ;)
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will greatly expand the Medicaid population.
sometimes i'm overwhelmed with the remarkable level of pure primate behavior considered business as usual in human culture.
High School Teams/coaches FREE entry to game wear Jersey. EM The Battle of Florida Jan 21st
we are looking forward to the season to start as well. we should have a mock-up next week. Lets set up a time to talk next week
#ThatMomentWhen girls on Facebook flaunt that they have 1D tickets, and all you want to do is cry cause you want some so freaking bad.
u should follow me babe :)
Attention - Pay attention to what a man is, not what he has been.
And They Pit That Loroco Crap In Pupusas?
True but Harry potter will always be a part of me! It was my childhood ;)
Ferris Buellers Day Off is still the best movie loll
“: Toni's graduating today. :3 Time to get ready for the festivities.” Congrats to Toni 🎉🎉
is doing my #hair getting it ready for
"She said she's bad for me, but what if that's the reason why I proceed to pursue ?"
I love working out! xo
Enjoying the stream tonight!
the weather doesnt help me...
That's the last time I trust htc's garbage weather app
can u c the stdnt artwork on set? Thx for putting it up!
good morning! www.superimpactfitness.com
Life is a choice.
"you belong @ your library...where ever you are"?
: HA!! I just waved to you as you set up.
Looks can be deceiving, So dont judge the book by its cover..--
you always say just the right thing! :)
Looking forward to #rosefestival2012 Kickoff fireworks is May 25th! Do you have any summer traditions you are looking forward to?
Goodmorning world of Twitter! Its a beautiful day, though it is Monday
unfortunately, your points address simply learning by video & don't show an understanding of flipped class at all.
i made ALOT of mistakes in my lifetime , but i try to learn from every single one of em
it will happen eventually. Whichever side your on, I hope we ALL make money brotha. GLTY.
enjoying the #BNPparibasopen tonite :) i'm sad i have missed 1 of my very favorite players :) i wanted to see her so much!
Phrases/words lost in the English language: "Excuse me", "pardon me", "my apologies", "please", "thank you", "God Bless" and "love".
I'm slogging through the Philly half and my husband is running the full! Good luck!
I was just there last night. I love Lakeline Mall!
only time wish I could get some. Love u when u coming back home I drive,now my dad bought me a car my birthday today
when is fall fashion week in mn?
I am so ready to see Gavin Degraw show everyone how great of a dancer he is
Really big girls should not be wearing sun dresses.
thank you hun!
heey! Whats up? How have you been? I love you<3
OK, this made me smile. Organization is called Certified Preowned Dogs. They rescue small dogs and find them homes.
I care about what you say :)
gaaaahh I miss you too bro
fuck no, shes been yelling at me because everyone in my room is getting trouble and i suppose im the one to blame for it..?
awesome good luck-we are also doing a 20% discount for nusextra this month! All summer tours check our our www!
What you doing this weekend?
I was careful to say TV news!
you should really watch Money Ball!
I just bought , and 's new albums. I'm a little too excited. :-)
Goodmorning Bullets Fans
Be the person you want to find don't be a nicle out here looking 4 a dime (true life)
. Are you a "reserved" twitter account prepared for us to drop the "the" from or to loosen up - Huum?
man I know this is way overdue but I'm glad you are a #raven. Can't wait to see u pancake some clowns
niggah you should be in bed
were great tonight! Best of luck on the road to Boulder
Really recommend Marni Mann's Memoirs Aren't Fairytales: A story of addiction. Great story, fantastic writing.
Finally let the boy on my server. HM watches. "What about TNT?" "Okay, fine. There." ... and I thought creeper holes were annoying.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Im such a horrible person :(
love you, friend. Thanks.
thanks my friend, the trip was A-mAZing and fun. Now to come up with a remedy for jet lag...
Byron! What are you up to these days? Besides keeping a low profile?
Once things start going good for me my mom decides to tell me that she wants me to give away my puppy...fuck man...
U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin said in an ed board today she is still reviewing amendments of #SOPA and wants to b fully informed b4 she casts vote
lucky u
Sounds good, man.
Yes, I'm willing.
I can't believe it myself! Time flies when you're having fun .
RT Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest -SriChinmoy
probably not. I can't deal with the 20 somethings. Even though I'm 29.
Douglasville, GA you guys were amazing tonight! Definitely a show that I'll always remember. Thank you!
Wish I was getting one of those! :-)
also yay, be in touch if you are serious-- a lot of my coming weekends are taken up w/yoga things & I'd hate to miss you guys!
In case tweet doesn't go through we think you should come by us
RT : it is all in the conversion process...how good are you at retaining client is the name of the game.
You're 2 hours late on the reply!
Climb on top
Still reading Mexican Days.
Don't allow your starting point determine your finish!
Good morning, Ron! There's definitely a "Tuesday vibe" around here! ;)
What a day. Hopefully you'll be able to get out for a walk or something sometime today. Also, while taking a walk, stop in at Stone Creek GA
people who steal stuff suck.
I don't care what race you r male or female...put a drink in there hands and u will always see a smile..drink responsible people... ;-)
Lets go caron
Anatomy of NFL schedule: Computer creates 400K options, weeded to 14K, then humans pick best 150 & eventually choose 1. (via )
They think they really somebody cuz they have so many followers knock it off all u do is sit behind a computer all day & waste your life
"I need to find a fat rich bitch,that'll do me and pay me"- wise words of my dad.
My cat appreciates all the good smells I brought back on my running shoes.
What song is stuck in your head today?
however I did pick up some chain wax :)
none of these kids (including me) watched Jordan play in his prime.
we couldn't agree more!!
How my students categorize sources: "a website or not a website"
What if the cavs ge the 1st pick again?
I'm sorry but I'm a cena fan lol
What does that mean b/c I'll do it. I just need more info.
he had that porn stash a lil while ago.
BIRDS YOU NEED TO STFU
Execs lunch? Me, alone, in the office? jam seshhhhhh
when will the VIP tickets be back up?
it will be my duty and honor to make sure your summer doesnt go a single day without raging
sure, just sent you an email.
lol i do everything for my best friend but the one day i need a favor she won't do it. nice
no:p
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY. Said I wasn't gonna but I did now we have 10 comic books we didn't have before.
You welcome
you just made my day <3
I really tried (okay, not REALLY really, but I did try) to get into pinterest...but so far, not so good.
Good lord have I... you'll have to point me in the direction of a decent one in July. I'll be in ATL for 2 weeks.
good for you! I hope it's a lot better.
Never had it before, but tater tots wrapped In bacon...? Ohmygosh jump on my big toe and call me thupid. Holy smokes that sounds nummmmy. :3
Smart kid! Yeah, the whole mother's day thing gets *much* better as they get older
3 miler to end my day.. Ouch
#SmallBusinessSaturday!! Crazy pricing is continuing! Laptop Batteries at 40% off till 12PM, then 30% through Midnight!! BatteryPower.co!
you and I, we were born to die.
Q:" So what, you leaving me for another man? A: "you have to be a Man in order for me to leave you for another one!" Movie on TV 1
what why wahh?
Wow, Twiike just threw up all over my page. LOL
One year ago: A judge in New York refused to release on bail the chief of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, who was
tell him I said hi.
That backseat doe (;
has eaten a delicious sandwich the size of her head, and guiltily would like another one, please.
we should have gone to #roscoes this tomato soup and NASCAR isn't cutting it
Lmao your name is still GabiLovesRihanna in my phone from a drunk night 😂
In San Antonio for our toughest game of the year so far 730 vs OLLU. 10-2 Rams vs 9-3 Saints. Winner takes early lead in conference
' Webster Lewin () moderating a panel this afternoon on location based marketing at DMA 2011 COnference in Boston.
no not im doin it now foo .
lets see how this day goes !!!!!
Hey man! Checking in to see how your health issues are going. Last time we messaged you were struggling. Hope all is well!
I'm still in bed like I ain't gotta go to work smh
Stick ur hand in some random persons pocket & demand they give you they/your wallet
Saturday Night PARTY!! BIG NAMES IN THE HOUSE!! COME FIND OUT WHO!
I'm old enough to understand when to let go.
I guess I'm just an inspiration.
MT : Costume designer Edith Head b. 1897. Won eight Academy Awards for her work, more than any other woman.
Asm approves AB 620 by 2 improve life for LGBT students on #CSU, #C and #UC campuses, promote anti-bully policies.
I'm first(; yea buddie
See ya NYC! Be back soon...The Viewfinders
congrats man enjoy every second of it and learn as much as you can
You snooze you lose.
watching rob and big .
that is so wrong, and no severe punishment if they find the killer, sad
#Libra has grace, charm & beauty @ it's best on the red carpet. Kind, modest winners often the favorite. The spouse is ALWAYS by their side
I'm somewhat blind to my own visual style it seems.
Listening to Marty Dickinson at AuthorU in Denver. Amazing info.
you're coming? I'll get the asbestos!
HOW DO YOU NOT DO EVERYTHING IN YOUR POWER TO BREAK UP THAT CATCH. GROW A PAIR YOU SHITTY FANS
So much good news! has accepted one of my #poems and so has Noctua Review (thanks to )! Happy first day of Spring!
Hulk is Beast! period.
Thanks for coming out ! the showcase was a blast. I hope you had a good time :)
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything
AN ARTIST GET SIGN IN 2011 BUT THERE ALBUM WONT COM OUT TIL 2013 SO THE ARTIST SHOULD KEEP GOING HARDER THAN THE ONE WHO GOING DA HARDEST
This a good game
“ old enough to kno bettah..young enough to not give af”
Most of our fall semester students have left! We will miss all of you! Happy holidays and enjoy your time with your families.
Girl Name:Jessie Boy Name:Benjamin
rightfully so!
Hello. Good morning.
Life begins at the end of your "comfort zone"
At one meeting a board member said, quote "If they want to go to the legislature, let then go to the legislature!" So, we did.
I'm saved not soft, don't get the two mixed up!
Lord of the g strings lol
Sure thing. I'm hoping other MAMs will experience AAM vicariously since finals ruined it for everyone else.
I enjoy cleaning and sorting my email inbox more than anyone should
"I called you twice and texted you".
yikes! don't let that one get behind the wheel!
v BrazilLovesAustinMahone v
Follow me on Facebook: facebook.com/ollieocarina
or maybe just smile at the next person you see, it is the little things in life that matter.
Ooh do tell!
I think nearly everying re Ron Paul is awful, but I think his anti drug war stance is a more important issue vis race than his newsletters.
Listen, Rose. You're gonna get out of here, you're gonna go on and make lots of babies, and you're gonna watch them grow.
I want some sort of giant breakfast named after a country or a profession, so you know it's good
RT : S/O to &amp; #HeartAttack hit #1 today on !! Yeah Buddy!!!
. is getting ready to announce an existing list of Winter activities. What are you interested in doing?
#HappyMothersDay!! Take this day to be served as you serve so selflessly to everyone else the rest of the year.
I can't wait for training camp. My girlfriend Helen and I are going up; we have our reservations already.
dont u live there?
Met actor Steve Little at #MDfilmfest ! Very nice guy!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMY I LOVE YOU, your amazing and even though we fight sometimes your still my favorite person<3
Ice ice and more ice bub.
Just arrived at Regent U. and Founders Inn to get ready for Converge21 USA this week. Looking forward to what God will do among us.
It sounds AWESOME!!!!!
yo what's up bro ?
you forgot the part..she may never see your tweet..if we're lucky ;)
I sure hope so. I'm about over this whole 9 to 5 work thing :-)
Brazil remains the largest coffee exporting nation, but as of late Vietnam has become a major exporter of robusta beans.
Big Thank You Shout Out To: Juan Young Trust! They awarded a $7,000 to support The Shadow Project's replication efforts! Thank you!
Everyone calls me by my name, but there is only one person who can make it sound so damn special
Who picked Yu Darvish in #MLB fantasy draft? Yours truly.... I also picked Jacoby Ellsbury so go figure!
hey nice avi pic i like ;)
Staring at someone accomplishes NOTHING.
wow ... so mature huh ?
Excited about our worship set in the am:For the Lord is Good,There is a River,Come Thou Fount,Refiner's Fire,Send the Water,Adoration Hymn
I wish typing Z is as easy as getting the real deal.
It doesn't get much better than this.
good luck!!
Some lady told me to surround my self w/positive people 👏👏
meeting with Ray today to finalize the shots - dope!
Mayor Barrett more concerned about becoming Governor where he'll do nothing also if he wins. A horrible Pol.
Ugggghhh I'm so tired of the constant sanding of the drywalls!!!!
I think hipsters are attractive
It was Ga-R8 to see you! It's always a good day to see your smile dearest!
line just dropped to -3.5
Use different Twitter clients for accounts. I also open on laptop and one on desktop when available.
Mega Media Xchange buys and sells pre-owned movies, video games and game systems, and music.
had a 5 hour nap tonight.. so i'll be up for a while. lmao
There's something liberating about giving notice at work-- even if you generally like the people you work with.
Today feels good enough to never end. It's strange how uncompromising a relaxing day can be. I had not realized how anxious I've become.
looks over at my wife asleep lol
I am not good with twitter but the information was sent to jeyissca this week. www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com
All compromise is based on give & take, but there can be no give and take!!!
exactly what I said. Indeed they're a cheater's club lol
First time i got sunburned so far!! Yepp thats what i get for washing cars :P OwnsMyHeart:)
that is great..and what makes it even better is that you recognize her efforts! not alot of men do that for their woman!
Money is made of paper, paper is made of wood, and wood is made from trees. Therefore, money does grow on trees.
I can't stand my family for long periods of time anymore :(
I wonder if anybody has ever seen their own abandoned storage unit auctioned off on #storagewars?
what is she wearing...a satin sheet????
Finn kept on criticizing my choice in music and crazy Carl the entire ride
You say my name like there could be an us</3
what would you go for?
My bf has replaced drunk texting with drunkenly sending icards. This is the best thing ever...
thought for the day: everybody's got an angle.
congrats. I'm so happy for you guys.
Thanks for the follow
it's pretty nifty, yeah! Providence is one of em
and yes it would
I don't think so...I'm too stingy!
My tweets are pretty damn harsh..eh oh well
You know, you can't possibly be the only one today.Look outside.
I'm ready for new challenges in the '12. Time to get my change on and #makethatpaper!
Our defense has been on the field too long because of the pick 6 twice!
I think it's a go!
Show some love, help us get more followers and fans, mention us in a tweet. It would mean the world.
I am in love with HelloGiggles... Just sayin..
Louisville softball is the 15th overall seed in the NCAA tournament. Will host a regional next weekend.
So if President Obama's new motto is "Forward," does that automatically make the Republican motto "Retreat!"
Zeller can't stop Berggren down low
Sippin' on some Tampico and enjoying the last of the weekend! ;)
Oh you married? Oh ok you love her? No? Oh ok
Website down for a while as our host is upgrading their servers.
GOODNIGHT ERRRYBODY! And hell amazing bed 💙💤
Does the XQuery Mediator of the ESB support XQuery Full Text? I'd love to handle messages based on tokens (vs. strings).
at the verizon center watching raw live!
I knew it new Black Manta!
someone must be suffering from small pecker syndrome! Hahah we so funny
Shady. I just called to make a dentist appt and they said it would $195 with a card and $125 if I pay with cash. For teeth cleaning...
hey love
THanks to all my new followers. New videos this week
oh no they don't have my phone number now lol its different now...
Big run of projects finally at an end, can prepare for the rest of the summer. What's that? Prospectus? I can't hear you!
CSG director calls for feds to show real commitment to intergov relations instead of just promoting talking points
MK: Dr. Kahn is going over the irrational fear of Islam and Muslims
Congrats to and , who r running unopposed 4 city council. Hope you spend that political capital wisely.
GET TO BED, DAMMIT!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!! McCutchen is the man!!
Always happy to help! :)
Thanks a ton Bismarck, ND! We had a blast! ...and we made it back alive!
#pleaseExplain what is difficult about lime flavored limeade? Did I miss a memo? I feel like
Great rehearsal tonight! diggin the new tune
Who will come to me to Chicago mall
Speaking of Winterfest..do you have your tickets yet? Go to www.runninforrhett.org/Winterfest.
Whent to the Hollywood farmers market, great produce,great meat can't wait to use you guys Thanks so much for your hard work
hey hun....let me know if you are free Saturday after 3 to set something up.
If you done got it you got it stop pretending like u do
the willingness to do what is right, even if it goes against popular opinion. The next president must also have the decency.....
they called me in
RT Oh snap! just broke the news to the #mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring. The beta invite will open up soon!
Hope it's a great show!! RT“: Almost game time #bandpagehq #AUSTINROX ”
ESM Client, CB Ron Brooks shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
FOLLOWING!! long overdue! :)
I have a "friend" from Utah who's looking... Would that be weird? He's not a mormon and would prob stay at my place a lot...
Hansen continues to walk and pose for pictures in Barn 42. Union Rags is back in his stall.
The mind is a crazy thing.
It's never easy with the Joker.
.. will be shocked if doeboi dont be d.o'd for his 2marrow
Rez at Chez intact. Quite a crowd joining me, but you'll b missed :( details later
And the follower of the day award goes to ~> “: sounds great! looking forward to lots of great twitter conversations!”
I don't want to be your second prize but I take it anyways and wait until you find your first…
Are you wondering if I can dunk? Alas, I can't. Yes, close to 5'4".
FOLLOW ME BACK IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY :)
On Behalf of Houston's Attractions We send our Deepest Prayers and regards for the lost of your Uncle. May he RIP
if we get something at this point its gon be some west side shit. idk if its gon be worth it to go down there then back here
One more thing though.. If I were to say that I didn't still love her, I'd be lying.
- Thanks Ass ! QT : High And Lost Track Of Time . But Happy Birthday !
i think my "spidey senses" are tingling ;) lol
Why is my stomach feeling like this???
Devils advocate: would you see the value of the project if somebody had described it you without mentioning the G word?
Playing baseball with Savanah, Christian, Angelica, Joey, Mitchell, Melissa, LeRoy!! Hopefully i don't get a sunburn.:(
I agree. She will make money on this. Good question, this is going to be a lot like the OJ verdict, but w/o the civil issues.
thanks for the follow! We hope to see you soon!
who wants to go out in
Anyone have a recommendation for ballroom dance lessons in the DC/MD/NoVA area?
Michigan, eh? Whereabouts? I'm bopping back and forth between A2 and Detroit.
And I so appreciate it! <3
Naptime. " : Forgot my travel mug full of coffee in my car cup-holder. Absolutely heartbreaking."
Just watched the 30 for 30 on SMU Football. SMU definitely was The U before the U.
I'm doing well...just started a new job. Are you coming to NOLA for the holidays this year?
- Hi WoB- thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
is preparing to register securities in the great State of New York. Many thanks !!!
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Madame CURIE
I found the same company listed under 3 different names on my credit report. The correction gave my credit score a huge boost.
I love your music!!!
Is there anything that doesn't need cake? I really don't think so.
when are you broadcasting ?
I am so tired! Glad to be home!!
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends. - Herbert Hoover
Mission Critical: How Translation-Focused Disease Foundations May Save Medical ... - The Atlantic
Let's Co-Op Tonight! I'll be on around 7 for a couple hours.
Lol xD My mom wasn't to happy when she found it in her bed…That was the first and final ball python I had xD
sounds good. I can do any day but Thur and maybe not Wed. Let me know if any other day works.
Sorry for the late notice, but our phones will be closed this afternoon from 4-5pm ET for some team-building. Reg hrs resume tomorrow.
teapot dome: 2 federal oil reserves used 4 navy were handed off 2 Falls dept. later found he took bribes & sold the lands 2 private owners.
That way they are not caught off guard by any surprises! The best part is that it's free, Low Cost and Smiling clients :)
Just explained twitter philosophy to potential client. Twitter = listening tool.
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days of doubt. - Dave Barnes.
Live at TD Garden.
i seriously think i keep that place open single handedly - theres one on campus and right across from my apartment =/
following back =)
where is my little Quinta. We missed you last night.
YES parents not here :D
thanks for a great Balboa Park Commons Advisory Committee call today with
RT Ay but for real burger king breakfast better than McDonald's • negative!
#school #libraries and #librarians not represented either at #ESEA! Good schools need good libraries!
YES I DO !
why isn't intoxication permanent
Thanks for the follow. I believe you also followed today as well. We are one in the same! Love NY.
hope you help us! Not trying to spam you! Just needing all the help we can get to make ' dream come true! :D
Beez in the trap
brilliant redundancy with great sponsors. I hope Ralph Nader loves his Merrell's
To prevent injury, it is important for your child to warm up before exercising. This should include about five minutes of light activity.
theres a new Shoneys(year old) on Taylorsville Rd, very sharp. Comparable to a remodel.
RT : There is a sometimes fine line between crowd funding and pre-ordering.
can be such a meanie head sometimes. :(
Skeels you're going to murder me tomorrow with this test
I love your blog! I'm a fan! :)
Saturday drink special, the "Luv Potion" $6.00, served all day until 11 pm - Peach Ciroc w/ Pomegranate Cranberry Juice
To many people at my house.
"I'm breaking through, i'm bending spoons, i'm keeping flowers in full bloom, i'm looking for answers from the great beyond." R.E.M
lol, Heebie, you're the best.
i know!! I freaked out!
Welp...Youk it's been a pleasure. Middlebrooks is taking your job.
LOVE!! where did you get it?! i may need to copy....
Doin Videos in the mornin during #PopHour at Soul Asylum Studios!..
I'm sorry about that, George. I'll drop a sternly-worded email...
A1: If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete. Jack Welch
Wow #mubb is lookin good tonight....
No need to worry folks! As far as I can tell, Sharon, Lois, AND Bram are still alive.
I HATE #boxing snobs
Yep. You? Then praying it does not rain so I can drink some beverages and go on a boat ride.
RT : It has been almost 10 hours since I trashed PassivHaus.. Tick..tick..tick < ruuunnnnn !
Know your FM transmitter | articleshub6.in
was the scope question Q3 or Q2?
if it isn't much trouble, I'd like to get that recipe at some point.
make sure to make plans robe there all the 352 artist go be there
Happy Friday friends! Cheers to a great 1st week of 2012! I hope everyone has a great day!
Damn VIP? What do you get if you buy VIP?
If doesn't visit and Tavern, it'd be a goddamn shame.
I think his Coachella performance might have started the 2pacalypse in Spokane.
Like a lemon to a lime - a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women
It gets weirder and weirder every day I swear... And YES THERE'S A CHEESECAKE FACTORY. In New York. 😉
about to buy something and realized I didn't get my $5 off coupon for signing up months ago...what's up with that?!
I couldn't be more excited for this!! THK YOU for hosting this!!!
They Say I can Eat A Pussy better Than A Chick Due To There Experience I've never had a complaint Anyway.
what? nice!
Got my first question of the night after 2 hours on the ref desk. Of course it came as soon as I started eating my sandwich.
at the garden gates! Fantastic!
the children of sewickley need some #theatretime with and me
"I wanna get married, now!" "I have gym!" Hah(: I love Glee!(:
because uncle wes is being a meanie and said I need a real job.
"Only God Forgives" strg Ryan Gosling- A Bangkok lieutenant and a gangster settle their differences in a Thai-boxing match. My kind of movie
+1 “: No question RT : Fishing Without Nets for documentary of the year.”
"I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian."
Spend some time just thinking... Where did that get me? High, more drinking.
RT : You can change your Facebook language to Pirate as well as Upside Down.
that's one of my favoritest quotes, it's up on my wall :)
QB Philip Rivers just went for $18.00 - a steal - $200 budget.
everyone dances better with alcohol. Recommend alcohol by brad paisley
everybody does! You're welcome man!
Le Practice de Band....
finally... that's been on my timeline for like a week now!
Awesome catch.
All dressed up and no place to go. :) I hate it when people cancel plan at the last minute...
can you message me? sorry my dm wont let me send anything new for some reason
Definitely! Swing by and "test play" them sometime! Look forward to seeing you! :)
What a blessing that is.
were here! Behind home plate. Come say HI!
Tonight I'm going to sleep with a smile even tho today was one of my worst days,,,
Viewer puts raw video of the moments after the Kenosha house explosion on wisn.com click on the story and go down to comments
by an act of generosity i find myself with a ticket to the opera tonite...kinda like the idea of going solo to an Italian tragedy at the Met
Do you like energy savings? Do you like easy, efficient home improvements? Well, "like" me on facebook, I can help! www.facebook.com/mkeme2
IM ON MY WAY TO THE SOCIAL! IM SO EXCITED I LOOK EXACTLY LIKE DAHVIE! IM SO PROUD. I CAN'T WAIT. I LOVE U! HOPE TO MEET U AGAIN!
Congratulations to the winners of our Cancun trip - Jessie Anderson & Chris Vohs! During the Alice Radio promotion with Slacker & Steve,...
nothing don't take that in a mean way
HA. I just lol'ed. We'll be drinking for life.
GAHH .! I'm Excited . I WANNA KNOW WHAT IT IS :DD
Ooh...in that marchup, I don't know which philanderer I'd take.
Bouta go on a gas station run
LOL, was just thinking the same thing.
there are no UP's in the SF Apple Store, the employees have no idea what I'm asking about.
I went to school in TX; it was taught in 9th grade biology. : Perry says Texas schools teach creationism. False. bit.ly/rtwPYW"
HOT NEW DIAMOND TEES FRESH OUT THA BOX TODAY! COME GET YOURS !!!
It's a wonderful yet extremely busy day here at TeamQ,between learning about the new short sale procedures to client meetings we are packed!
Oh, you put $4000 dollars rims on your 1998 hide civic? Cool. That's like Betty White going out to get her tits done.
Knowing we're surprised he didn't bring the ice cream with him to the taping.
Landry Fields is no longer a shooting guard. He is now a dunking guard
RT : Check out how I incorporated my very summery sunnies into my outfit on today's blog post...
all again for you, august is over, the entire smile kid album.....
Oh, a stabbing in my neighborhood? Once again I stay at my pied a terre with
ctfu u ah fool # tease also
Steak and shrimp marinating...dang,we eat good...
Morning downpour in DC = clusterf**k Monday morning commute. DC drivers are the worst. It's RAIN, you stupid shits.
Lessons learned: the big winner in the USA v Brazil match? The ref! USA win takes her off the hook for her terrible incompetence!
Having variously designed, directed, produced site-specific performance struck by 2 categories of issues: logistical and aesthetic
This dope.": One day can have a such a impact on somebody's life.. one day can ruin your life, one day can make your life.."
fairy lights!! how do I go about that?!
"Just what we need; another Amy who is down with the get down." #partytrain I miss ur face can't wait for tonight
Being good at what you do won't matter much down the road if what you are doing isn't what you want...don't sell your birthright!
Happy 100th Birthday, #Oreo!!
ha! RT : A4: Seeing the drunks walking from Wrigley Field to the bars on Clark St. You can laugh multiple times a week!
why are you sad??
Just announced the contest!
you would probably beat me right now. I can likely only do one two combos. Hahaha
back!! -smiles-
So I noticed haha but that's a good thing. It sure beats being in a bad mood, eh? ;)
#Spinners hold a 4-3 lead aft 1st qtr. Philly still committing too many turnovers
S/o to for tackling the tough stories. Great read about blasphemy of the Holy Spirit on the site.
he told us a few months back that not one of the 2012 guys would have started in 1996. A good and interesting interview.
and now I'm crying inside... just helped a customer looking for shelter for his infant son & wife.
I told her, do #ThatThingILike and she fuckin did it!!!!!
Don't no what ur destiny will B, but ths I no-the only 1's among u will B really happy R those who will have sought & found how 2 serve!
i may need to attend this ;-))
RT : Must listen to this show online, to hear words "Seafood Hash Knish" spoken.
In a pissy ass mood.
Follow me ? (: kisses
Thanks for the follow Maura!
Im glad your not my problem anymore so that other nigga can deal with your shit.. Happy being single no drama from a dumb as broad!
I am following you.
re preppiest colleges, I love that 3 out of 5 are from good ol Virginia
": We all make mistakes, but they don't define you. What defines you is learning from the mistakes you make."
how'd u know lol
praying for Mr. Colson!!
are you offering? :scheme:
If i dont eat wendys soon i might hulk out
I wish my mom would ever wake me up to log into FB. I'll take her laptop and iPhone privileges away from her.
DMX rough riders rapped better than p swift and they were doing it as a joke.
Naa im good(: ": If you wanna be my best friend come to The gym with me and rebound :)"
Oh my god Seabsyyyyyy!!!!
#blocSTAR RT : Didn't want to work out. Did it anyway.
Followed, love ya 2 ;)
Seriously? They are totally worth it. And if you guys would really do it, i'll tell my friend the ticket was bought.
Watching on #TheView. He just called #DOMA the "Defense Against Marriage Act" again. Not just a slip?
I have to admit, I like the new Korn with all the dub step flavor. The skrillex songs are slammin. Best stuff they have done in a long time.
it's super sweet... Tyrian is the shit!
I hope you feel better
Cranking up to write an article on pet insurance, counting my reasons to be thankful and wishing everyone a great Thanksgiving.
Grace = God’s unmerited favor, undeserved kindness, approval, acceptance and favor towards us all because of the merit of Jesus Christ.
last night was too much fun!
How can we help you in your Marketing endeavors? Call us today to schedule a complimentary consultation! 502.742.4929
I will do no such things. Lmao hopping in the bed right now. Look at Chelin hogging up the bed tho UGH
Even if I had millions reasons to leave, I'd still look for that one reason to stay.
Proper running mechanics is the key to injury-free running. Book rec: Chi Running & free clinic on Sun DeAnza Cove
I've finally figured out why so many women have dreams but rarely take action!
We need to learn to score in the run of play.
The music CDs have moved! Everything fun lives in Open Book and CDs have joined the party. Get your tunes in Room 1250 from now on.
Mailing the Season's Greetings from Chillycago cards from to family today. They are adorable!
lmfao wat kind of person do u think I am..
Soups o9f the Day: tortellini bro do...Greek Lemon Chicken...Split Pea with Ham...ravioli Florentine...Chicken Pastina...Minestrone!!
There are only 2 ways to get everything you want... Work really hard OR desire less.
I dont get a bad case of disappointment anymore, just
Try not to say," You Know" today.
Red sox game
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the infinite.-Francis Bacon
Except when it comes to the Packers, and then it's definitely us vs them. Today is a sad day in cheese town.
i'm excited to hear abt ur progress! yep is pretty cool, ain't it?? :) glad all is good. keep me posted!
We love our #tweethearts. enter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart green salad peppers on my salad at
Wow great capture page Loving mlm
ill get u
Darn it. Buckle on my collar broke. And my buckle guy moved. Anybody know a good buckle guy in Chicago?
Susan B. Anthony, take the wheel.
I tried playing the Blame Game but I kept losing because of reasons out of my control.
hey Kim from Milwaukee, WI. Just wondering if are going to be staring in any movies soon?
You are very welcome!
You have to make your investors believe that you know the techniques of starting and running your own record label
#thehungergames with the family....FINALLY!
LAKESHOW BABY LETS GO... S/O TO THE BIG HOMIE D FISH THO... CHEA...
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
who are you drew brees? RT: : Sorry for all the Nyquill Tweets
everyday im tumbling. lololol. .
SCREW SCHOOL
I just saw the Oscar Meyer Weiner truck!!!
Oh, yeah! And greetings from the public library....
why you always so selfish .
I hate him. Although it did help my fantasy team
Knuckleheads on Friday !!! Brewskis on Saturday !!!
fine, be that way.
i am going to drink micheladas tonight. i am stoked.
If this is someone you know, then you may be on the receiving end of a proposal or proposition from this man or women
Getting a run in while the rain is taking a short break!
follow me baby C:
82% spike in paid downloads from BBAW when ATT Carrier Billing was integrated
im down
durr? That might be the greatest comeback ever.
Made it to chicago for #neara11 and now we are going to #tasteofchicago for some food!
Dig that hole girl.
#Angels !!!!! Tomorrow is the day I became an #Angel !!!! 1year #Angel !! But I've always been an angel !! <3 love ya ! Y'all !
to little, to late!
what r they?
"He himself was not the light; he came only as a witness to the light."John 1:8. We're here as witnesses to point to Christ, the true Light.
Doc Friday: Exit Through the Gift Shop and Being Elmo. Inspiring me to pursue my dreams even more!
Nijas are very nitpicky. Surprised you didnt know that.
feel free 2 come over here if he want, have a lil nite cap with a brother, ill give him a nite, he aint never gonna forget lol
I agree it would be a massacre. Dan Morgan, Edward Reed & Co. would dominate #01Canes ##greatestteamever!
I�d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down
i LOVE my beats. They're amazing. I've only been Producing for about 10 1/2 months and I feel like a pro lol
I don't see any "I'm live @ _ _ _ " for this morning.
and by hot chicks i mean the female gender.
I love you.
WHAT THE FUCK I'M NOT SURE IF I WANTED TO KNOW THAT. I'm slightly terrified
Does anybody know of a good way to save live css changes made in Firebug????
Someone check to make sure is not trying to drown himself in the river
Got an apartment today!!!
hahah omg nice gurl it was the best night ever right??
Can't wait to see this layered. Gorgeous!
SatansParakeet: Dislike information professional as a replacement name for librarian, but don't really have a better suggestion.
i should smack u 4 callin me a bumb...
" I love me some Him "
Bacon sundaes currently being tested on the menu at Burger Kings in Nashville.. Hit or miss?
yes I would be here
Have they come up with a cure for jungle fever?
friend: i miss my boyfriend me: so do i friend: he calls me princess me: he calls me fan -Oh !(:
thanks for the #follow. looking forward to your tweets!
Selling out again for #PlayItAgainSam !
Ya nigga wanna fuck me...=D I think we're gonna!!!! #WellDamnGucci lol
Improv 4 Kids MATINEE performance TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Join us for some funny improv comedy!
Wish she would text me idk what i did....
3/3: "...& only from a dream can u wake to the light" -Tibetan Book of the Dead via #MadMen LSD trip
Hi ! I'd love to hear more about the highly anticipated gift guide. Feel free to DM or email me. Thanks!
GOT TICKETS FOR IN HERSHEY YES!
Our distributed crawling tripped some alarms, even though it didn't hurt the site. They put us in robots since it was easiest.
have a gorgeous day. :)
HEY HEY HEY TRUE BIEBS FANS ! FOLLOW ! shes so awesome , is following her . lucky . wish he was following us ):
we made it back to the gate in time. All is well! Thank you!
Thanks Sharon - we're excited!
I have an EXCLUSVE C# Developer/SQL backend perm spot in Cherry Hill, NJ. Did I mentioned it was exclusive? #perm #nj #in #C#
No Chris at 7-11, today. I also just have to work, one more night. Then I'm off for four days, I will be enjoy that. Later!!
Tonight starts the LBT Takeover-Mardi Gras Edition at Le Bon Temps Roule. You know how it goes down when B-A-H takes over...get in there!!
it's not my birthday. It's next week.
my mommy got me new running shorts 😄
I really don't like any teachers at my school whatsoever. They're all assholes
Heading to the Geist reservoir area to get in on some nice lake-front home squatting opportunities during the rapture.
Cooking parsnips for dinner. It's a revolution!
BOPPIN STRAWBERRY JUICBOX , hell yeah , im too down this saturday night lol .
Shabazz Muhammad will not decided till the Spring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My pleasure! I hope that the event is a huge success!
So there are 5 kids in a family..one is gay.. what did the parents do "wrong" with the gay child & "correct" w/oth?
Was he referring to the impact his presidency will have on the U.S.? ? ? ?
Whoever goes, take mental notes for me. Really.
because they aren't Oregonians. U look delicious. Need a fedex dude in your life. Right here in PDX!!!!
Can't wait for College Hoops
PubMed on Tap is ok, but I prefer using the regular PubMed on my iPad. Which do you like better?
i know, but im sure ill see you again :)
And then you wake up...“: Griffin wants to play for the Rockets next season..”
John Riley:"I can attest that my experience at Lynchburg College has been an life-changing one; I was urged to go Above and Beyond."
Cant wait to get off work and enjoy this weather with .. Anyone have any suggestions on what to do?
it means just do. it. live. go with it babyboo. YOUGOTIT
Ok. It's official. I'm tired of eating Cosi salads. There's only so many Signature Salads a guy can stomach.
Think I'm gonna get out the house tonight. Hm maybe Ill hit Frequency, whos in Think it may be one of those nights!
yo! ASAP! I gotta hit Vegas in February , Utah in march, so more than likely, in march... Gives me time to make appointments.
Funyons and donuts.
Starters being introduced for the All-Star Game. This process could go a bit faster.
gotta moodle tonite. Would rather eat sand.
We are down Inner Harbor with alot of awesome food trucks ! Check us out and enjoy the festivities great food and Miss Twist Ice Cream !
followed! I hope your mom will give you the ticket regardless
I couldn't find my credit card, I called it in lost about 4 hours ago, I just found the card 20 mins ago - just my luck lol
getting ready to go to tempe market place......
Can't connect to shared drive. I'll take it as a sign it's time to go home.
I'm gon 2 write on all da bricks I MISS U and i wish dat 1 falls on ur head,so dat u knows how it hurts when u miss someone special like u.
Annoying when someone doesn't believe I have ADHD like they're some kind of omg I LOVE this song! GET OFF THE ROAD MORON hey its a half moon
We really are! :o
That sounds like such a fun event!
I have read Brave New World, though only once and not for a long time. I need to read it again!
Love that you noticed that.
RT 3 teams are tied atop the Mountain West this week.. who's going to win it all? #mwbb>>
Perusing #craigslist for tickets to next Sunday's game against MN. Sellers are f-ing nuts if they think they're going to get face value.
“we are looking beyond pure military might as the solution to every deterrence problem”
: I hope to hear from you soon! I lost my phone, but we can Skype. Miss ya and I hope all is well.
A1 Ideal metrics per MASB are relevant, predictive, objective, calibrated, reliable, sensitive, simple, casual, transprnt & QLTYbased
that's funny.
Hieber’s compounds Kligman’s Formula to treat AGE SPOTS and MELASMA. It works! Call 412-681-6400 today!
Goin to New Orleans tomorrow night..Yerp !
Feel likes everyone is applying for a job but me?
It is fun to see how a restaurant should not be run
plenty, lol though not me. The most famous i have ever met was Dennis Washington
Im overr it doe
thanks for listening to presentation!
Why Isn't Dirk Demol wearing shoes?
I'm thinking about getting this loft
omg YES!! chicken parm calzone for dinner!
Are you using social networking to find your next job? Give it a try, start with Linked #in - get your #professional profile started today!
Today my kids were "tweeting" at the birds outside and all I could think about was how "tweeting it"
Oh my, these errors are killing them. What does Zimm have to do? Commentators say he's unflappable. Accurate. And patient!
My coworker just took my picture without me realizing it until he walked away. Whats the opposite of a photobomb?
heath slater is so hot
RT : What other government program can assure full benefits decades into the future?
Shea Butter Scrub is a blend of super moisturizing organic shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane.
Black folks always be the loudest at a graduation. Lol
...and yes, christmas ale is being served tonight
LUNCH DATE! RT : Are you & Batman in Oakland today?! Eat franks! Truck off 5th Av, Uni Pl - Soldiers & Sailors parking lot 11-2.
I love baby mama I'm so proud of you... can't call you a hoodrat no more lol
super. I have a session until 6:15. Is that cool?
I might just wear orthopaedic nursey shoes..;-)
you're welcome!
please tweet back and if your crying im srry i just love you so much please follow me love you bye bye :[
is picking me up on his motorcycle tomorrow .... #imightdie #i'llprobablypee
Paul is for separation of powers. Why doesn't that get a bigger clap?
so lucky! I'm so jelly!
Thanks chica. I'm not familiar with the HAPP-3?
Thanks for the follow. Saw a presentation relating to your company a while back. Very intriguing!
go follow
Public Enemy...wait for the rental!
What happened to Ruby RT “: Ruby wont run forever :(”
I miss you!
must begin tweeting again.
We *will* bcast a live one. More deets to come.
RT : A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.~ Richard Branson
there's gonna be some big people here and alot of protesters. Chicago is going crazy. Could be really bad
Hope everyone is safe from the #tsunami here in #hawaii. All my good luck goes out to those in #japan!
On my way to meet with a buyer for a store. Interested in having SheaMoí Naturelle™ jewelry in their store!
Just finished filling out and organizing everything for PRSSA National dues... it took forever as usual! Glad I got it done 2 weeks early!
I'm David Hasselhoff :)!
RT : talked to me on fb. My life is complete.
Haha. You're a fool D.
Excited to be learning more about impact investing from J.P. Morgan, Osaka Capital, Hotfrog, and Armonia.
Someone should remind Ron Paul that those anti age discrimination laws came into effect at a FEDERAL level..
It is a decent sized project, but almost done now! Good luck with writing weekend! Nail it!
congrats on that - it looks sick!
There's a cop every 50ft or so in Alamance County.. There's my PSA for the day.
I aint saying that she dont love you, but i dont think she love you like i do.
i cant make you love me, but im sure somebody else wouldnt have a problem doin it
I finished reading a book today...that makes me a super smart.
Thanks for putting up with us this weekend. Rascal Flatts and Illegal Pete's got the best of me. P.S. Still love your mustache comb.
One of the guys in my department phoned at 11:30 on a Tuesday to explain why he hadn't come into work that week: " I went to a party on S...
cocktail server. Training is boring.
Working out the mythology of my novel. Yes, I know I don't have to go all full-on Tolkien. But as this is obvsly gonna take me a lifetime...
yes I have Asian powers
I love MLB baseball but agree... regular season is way too freaking long
killin it at sports right now. Lace up.
Looking for a fundraiser for your school organization? Contact us about selling biscuits at your school.
I got it from Netflix
my grandma tried to teach me when i was younger and it wasnt a success, maybe now im older and wiser.
Oh yeah and if you guys have any questions about The After Party, feel free to ask and I'll do my best to answer! (:
haha thanks!!! you should deff make one!
That was over ten years ago and I'm willing to bet that that graffiti is still there.
good luck :)
Looking for tv/movie clips to target basic social cognition with bright 8 year old #emergingsocialcommunicator. #slpeeps #PreSLP any ideas?
I made cornbread and beans for dinner. liked the cornbread, doesn't get the appeal of beans only.
cool have fun
Can't decide who I want to win on #SuperTuesday I think Romney has the edge tho..
the wind-wow, imagine where those strong gusts were before reaching my window
Ugh my throat hurts!
Dinner is ready now I can relax until later xoxo
Happy Nw Year Darwin
Door knocking in Summerlin today it should be warm and sunny with a chance of meatballs!!!
> We are now serving Gluten free beer for 21 and over =)
Wedding Time at #BaliHai. Gorgeous day! And we get to work with our friend !
Desire 4 control\RT : Non-Muslim But Burqa-Wearing 9-11 Gitmo Trial Lawyer Demands All Women Wear Burqas In Court...
Today is gonna be QUIZ. EXAM. REVIEW. EXAM.
ohh I get it, because your bday is saturday!! What are you going to do for it? Better not be working -_-
I just feel like everything should be glow in the dark
Thanks to , and for the follow... and have a great week!
Bing UI Changes Harken Back to Google of Old - Marketing Pilgrim
knew this. " The least successful Harry Potter movie earned $90 million more than most successful Twilight movie."
#WhenAustin sold out his first concert in under 48 hours <3
#KingFamily We're not going until 11:30. In the gym!!
You can now easily import Twitter friends, so ppl flwg u on Twitter are adding u to their Friendfeed
Hello twitter....
send me it and the rules!
Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's Near-Zero Waste Music Festival
where ya goin'?
Thanks all, I'm set on video for now.
RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me? :)
Hey Hannah, thanks for the follow!
#ImSingleBecause I don't mind being single, unlike some people.
email to set up a date ad time
Gonna be a good weekend in the ville
Ima be me, you be you.
"Why are you so obsessed with One Direction?!" "140 characters is not enough to answer that correctly."
It wasn't cheating, I just misread the word so there wasn't even a fair chance!
justin the song that you sing all I want for Christmas is you. That song is awesome you should do that more.
Changing up the avatar after who knows how long. Love that kid's smile.
Enjoying every second of not playing a spring sport
Looking to my PLN for resources on Webb's Depth of Knowledge.
oh, you're within stumbling distance of my house! please let me know if you find any decent cocktails around here.
Please don't take me to any more Great Lakes then force Journey and Abba songs on me.
Maybe a Heyman appearance, but besides that, I've got nothing.
haters cant't see me , nose bleed seats
i dont understand why its taking you so long. Its so good.
o i get that one every day of my life "YOU'RE NOT GETTING INTO COLLEGE OR A JOB IF YOU KEEP BREATHING" osorry
Just Kidding Hey :p
I hear main entrance gets mobbed around 7ish. Also, don't go against the flow of traffic :)
Hi Danielle picked up another one. Yeah just when the resids off my other commercial was running out yes
Getting things done involves a lot of organization, and being faithful to one’s goals and routines
It is a hot mess!!!
GUYS ITS NOT MY FAULT OKAY OMG I JUST ANSWERED THEM SAYING ENGLAND OKAY. DONT JUDGE ME
so many new followers! Thanks for following!
Line dancing with old people? #Swag It was straight out hardcore.
you sure know how to kill me
Can we be done with class?
Sleeping With Sirens❤🎧
have a safe flight
That is so, so true! :)
some friends suggested I try asking here my com can't upload the fyrinnae site no matter what broswer used. Could it be my IP?
This. ": She's not a slut, she hangs out with guys to stay away from bitches who talk shit and start drama."
YouTube. Creating an account was just too tremendously unbelievably stoopidly difficult. And I HATE captchas! Trying Vimeo instead.
Agreed! #Bulls >
don't mock soccer. It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill. Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
right now i am tired...
Nope. Just read a lot about them over the last few years. Don't get bitten!
unfortunately, that means I left before the LARS had its public dispute with Beckham.
A2: aging population= ^healthcare industry$=healthcare industry investing in museum programming?
My friend is a good dancer and he's a guy and when he danced , this guy is like " you dance like a girl!"
"Any moment of the day, you are not promised life. But during this life, you are promised to make changes." -#TLT Kiara Daniels
Some weeks you bust it more than others. CNBC, Forbes, WSJ Marketwatch, Meet the Press among others. Hoping clients are taking notice :-)
Never knew I could be so mean,but that's just how far you pushed me...
WHY AM I SO FUNNY? #loljk but that makes me LOL
Other games that look very good for Wednesday in College Hoops are Colorado St -4 (8 PM PST), Georgia -3 going off in 2 minutes.
"Be ready to roll at 3..." and coach is no where to be found
Almost the three day weekend! Looking forward to it :-)
no kidding!
pretty much!
Thanks to fan support, we are up to #13 on the blues charts for LA/OC. Our shows are becoming more frequent and we look forward to...
HEEEEEEYYYYYYY u remember me from myspace? we used to talk al the time! i missed you(:
win the game tonight with a score of 6-13.
I found another camera that has pictures of Holden on it. Haha
A1 Also, you have store brands in the competition now and their brands have greatly improved
Chief Noble Wray just walked down Mifflin, which is amazingly, still open. However I have not seen a non police car attempt
Student - "Mr. West where's your glasses?" Mr. West - "Up yo butt, you know it" LMFAO
Furthermore, since I was not offered courses to teach next semester, no contract, financing this operation has taken on an ashen hue.
and the large banner of you he has sewn on his back.
It's getting close to playoff time for NBA. Good to see some surprising teams in the running this year. Who'd gonna win it all though?
hahaha thats all you care about,... and Showtimee Is Following Me... Aha Awesome and Yeah
Why is that the past always has a way of finding you?
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe adults who have ring backs...do you think you're in highschool? #GrowUp!
Southern Texas rock and country! The Jobe Wilson Band! goo.gl/W08J39
thanks Ben. So glad you're enjoying it. It was an unbelievable experience to make.
I'm sorry babe!
haha. She seemed so taken off guard when I asked her.
I like you!
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult
The end the first period with a 1-0 lead over the Bearcats.
I wish, when someone tells me I'm pretty I can believe them...
Do you like ?💗 They come out in #AmericasBestDanceCrew 💗🎀❤😄 I love you💗Do you like reading books?💗
Seriously in this day & age if you can't open word docs you have no business leading a Board.
Happy Birthday to my sister
thanks for mentioning us!
Melissa, I left you a present at your store!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're enjoying your day! Looks like the sun is poking its head out!
Yeah, right. I'd fall asleep behind the wheel.
so each person has there own morales and values throughout their culture making several cultures within one
Moving My Room To The Basement :D I'm So Excited!! It's So Much Work Though! I'm Exhausted
B content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are.When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.-Lao Tzu
ONGOING: Dances from Trinidad, French aerialists & much more! See an intl mix of performances only at UniverSoul Circus....
Alert: Emotional mess in the Weather Center for the next hour! Reading/Judging the 50 Best Moms in SD essay contest right now.
I want m hair braided....i cant take dis shit nomo...its 2 hot 4 long hair...
preach on holmes
not if they just extraordinary rendition the guy to Kabul or someplace. "Well those bomb threats just stopped, whaddaya know"
you dont even understand how excited we are to hear it!!!!
If I had a gun... I'd just have a gun
Many thanks! RT #FF all star cast
She's so good. I love the vintage feel! Where have you been pretty lady? Haven't seen you in forever!
I really really want to be in LA right now.
“: and are so adorable when they dance together(:” awwwwahhh
Follow Me Please!? 64
Up early saturday skool den gotta hit da road for my game today
Where the Cougars AT?!?!?! The cubs are linin' up! Ladies 40+ FREE Guyts 21-30 FREE! See you tonight!
I am terrified just thinking about what the "perk" would be for that.
Yeh, I'll get on your jet ski with you!
Live Twitterview this afternoon at 3:30 pm (ET) with one of my favorite LB prospects Be there and bring your questions.
Romney and Perry bickering like old couple
did he say something to you today ?
oh my gosh! That's crazy
Sneaking into 's NYC concert because YOLO.
"AM Radio is still a viable media.... Did anyone hear that?"
Eww school is gay. The teacher says were watching a movie and then tells us were reading moby dick. Well isay mm no bye dick
Its nice when you send an email to a biz contact from years ago & they respond "of course I remember you." Makes me feel warm & fuzzy inside
if you have any questions about any smog check ups or any concerns about your vehicle gives a shout and we will help you as much as we can
that dog reminds me of your performance at f8 last year
Sorry I never responded! I had a great time & met w/ the director of Kigali SOS. The property was GORGEOUS!
Today is officially "Name Yourself" Day. What would you change your name to?
funny when u look in the mirror u still cant c urself clearer or fight life cuz ur still not inferior.
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind. -Aristotle
nah, I do that in the Jacuzzi
listening in the Yount lot...how bout some love for Carlos!?!
I need some #naturalhair deep conditioning advice. What do folks use that they absolutely love?
We have REACHED our goal on Indie Go Go! Thank you for everyone's generosity. If you would still like to donate, we can do even more!
We're very excited to be apart of the diverse community at ! Thank you all for being so supportive during our transition!
But whatever idea was forming in his mind, was dissipated. so fuckem
I don't care if he's 2521 miles away. He's still mine. Back off ladies. (;
The opening for early afternoon posted this morning has been filled. We now have no openings for today & Friday.
How degrading!! They gave birth weeks apart
Lurking sounds like stalking.... lol but I get what youa re saying
Dear Robin Yount: Don't you dare join Sveum in Chicago as his bench coach. Signed, Brett Favre's Legacy.
Lowkey miss my friend
Awesome blog Dawn, Glad you posted all of the various Autism Charities, which shows you are supportive of all. "To ea. His own
What’s your favorite song from “Throwin’ Down”?
At with drinking cheap burbon barrel stout.
In every cinema, there's always that awkward couple kissing in the corner and I'm just there like "uhm.. i like my popcorn."
' son met his wife thanks to #nationalservice Another #loveservice story!
my SC is soundcloud.com/spotlightz I'm not that good. And my criminal mix is my 1st house mix lol.
"blunch: it's when you miss breakfast and eat close to lunch."-says 5 yr old Jade this morning ;)
Good riddance to SOPA...
I also met with a publisher today about my first book!
HA. its okay karo your just indenile at the moment evvverrry guy wants to be Alex
That moment when u think u helpin somebody and they really jus tryin to leech off ur blessins
Chinese food...in Spanish.
Yeah! Do what says #Sweethearts!
But surely your fans can understand Anne Burrell's hair? #WorstCooks as
Got a text that starts: "To Ruben..te sacas el dedo..." Thing is, I know I've used the term before myself but what does it mean? LOL!
96% of the time, i have the dirtiest mind.
the old guard get stuck in their ways and are reluctant to recognize the power of new movements and trends. so they talk shit abt the youth.
finally he's coming! we have to meet up:)
Good luck #Padres!
and we out !
Thanks so much!
Obama in Austin to talk about immigration reform? ugh
I might have a teacher who would want to have a philosophy discussion.
Just augmented my cafe experience.
following everyone that tweets #FollowMeRomoTheCat (;
i followed
Actually this is pretty entertaining. Feed away.
My client Danielle is a superwoman! This morning she did lunges, squats, jumps, sprints, push ups and 36 dips straight! I'm so proud of her
Got my 1st parking ticket. I'd like to say FU to Seattle, FU to University village for making me park offsite, and FU to the Huskies.
I've just skimmed an article that supports my beliefs; now I'm re-posting it as fact!!!
Getting ready for skewl, feel so horrible ☹
hello, you can call Chris Sherman to discuss. Pewaukee location number is 262-695-0800.
Thinking about the good & the ugly in organizational #leadership! #inclusion #diversity Was thinking of the worst work environment I was in.
It is really tough to navigate now. Way too many little boxes of info.
the fact that random bands are following me and musicians makes me smile a lot. i feel accomplished.
My mom's face expression when I scared her
your welcome. How are you?
just ordered my 80s shirt online, I hope it arrives before may 2nd!!!
I have killed about 9856712337 zombies today
I don't have a type . If i like you , i like you.
Morning twitter! Got a nice day in the heat yesterday, I think I got a little tan!!!! Yes!!!!
oh i do too!
Jesus said, "I am the light of the world; whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life." John 8:12
dude beside reading and writing what are you up to these days?
Wishing I were at the IA Summit. Not a fan of Phoenix after having lived there, but the past 2 Summits were good! Where will it be in 2011?
Hi new followers! :)
I forgot that I have officers hours that start at 8:30am tomorrow. I am exhausted because I worked tonight. =( =(
Good Result for the yellow today
": Wow! I'm at 82% on my MIBM Goal. " #awesome Gotta log all of my #weekendmiles !
Wow rame amat ne tempat,,in a rush to coming back solo
50% is a solid F. (you're in academia, right? grades n' stuff?)
It's a school. If you don't like loud, snotty, hyperactive kids, get a different job.
Getting grilled by
I was SUPER sad when Miami Medical was pulled, but not anymore, My Queen! You. Reign.SUPREME! I'm so in love w/#Once!
I don't 'eem smoke.
Tackled the backyard. I think I'm ggoing to paint my wooden bench a lush, happy color and write PEACE across it.
I thought it had to do with a hero's welcome from 12,737
I was nauseous and tingly all over... I was either in love or I had smallpox. ~ Woddy Allen
ah, gotcha. Well, good luck a week early! And hope they give you the good stuff!!
Zoe ate all the cat shit... One less job for ma.
Downloaded CATMA and started playing around with Ch. 1 of Autobiography of Ben Franklin. Fun.
Dear person who chose the location of my gym: I should slap you for putting it next to a pizza shop!
Weekly I hate school and want summer tweet
"YOU HATE ME" Why should you care WTF I do!
": I live all alone on your island, on your island " oh I like to see the. Pretty girls
I have to SSH into my work computer to SSH into our server to do work from home. No wonder I had no problem following Inception.
Not mine ;) Although, the Notebook in a few bold colors sounds interesting...
Shout out to my 500th follower :)))Thank you!
Real nigga shit my dude!!!! Allergic to the fake..... I fux witcha bro bro!!!!
just a bit weary of the poseurs who think slapping on a grunge or vignette filter turns their mediocre photo into "art".
#museweb Love the Amnesty Int'l add. Although, it does remind me of the pictures in Gryffindor.
That awkward moment when you hit your vag on a bathroom stall door.....................
oh ok thankz for answering I wuz just wond3ring:)
they didnt let her on the plane like she wasnt on it at all and they took a fuhken hr later to call my aunt and tell her/:<
Yeah... be strong.
A father never sleeps when the daughter is at prom!
HERE'S THIS WEEKS LINE UP pt 1: Banana Cream Pie Blood Orange Lemon Blueberry Bugs B Mocha Mel Apple Pie a la Noey Chocolate Explosion
Successfully finding ways to inspire you can sometimes be the difference between success and failure. " "
Thank you! Yep, he's an awesome kid. Grandson, though, not son. :)
I take hate on 1D so bad. I just wanna punch haters neck ×_×
(Broadway/Musical references are my favorite)
I don't have an official favorite NFL football team, but rooting against the Steelers at all times works pretty well, so easily hated
opinions are always a tricky business in a free speech environment and should be handled with care.
This great, love it! in other words don't lose focus
RT : I drink straight from the carton #Thuglife// welp!! Won't be drinking at your crib then! Lol
stop by for a panini. we are around the corner fro the Market
I received my order on time and I have to say it's amazing! The quality of the craftsmanship and materials used are tops!
Hahahahahaha that Bitch is so stupid!. Girls these days
and that , all WOMAN
so tired but i know better than to fall asleep first.
Depends on specific goal, right? RT : Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE! Cc
Strange Monday
I put that weed in the air and pass it now thats ally oopin..
Buying 21 Questions on iTunes<3
Father's day, is the most confusing day in the ghetto
Not the eyelashes! They get me every time.
great Mountain Jam show!!
Nerd. :) (Also, must find few minutes between saving the world Saturday to discuss soccer, as all sorts of things happening.)
We Been Bonding DUMB BITCH Lol Niggas Needa Think!
Loco for Locomotives: Model trains on display
I've got 5 treats down on Master of Hounds in the Derby. That means 150 treats when he wins!!!
We will probably start taking applications sometime around the beginning of next year. Check back then for more info!
Get em horse!
wish it was at Miller Park.
With Tapatio-flavored Doritos like these, who needs non-Tapatio-flavored Doritos?
Power out at HQ. says "I'm gonna go read something!" Me too!
Can't wait for the Voice!!!! Sing it!!!
lol there is a john also but he has red hair
Greenberg Traurig's Jaret Davis will discuss his work w/ the $1.4 billion Verizon acquisition of Terramark
You should just skip. The entire week.
You kill someone u needa die God
The Blazers should never draft a big man again. Aldridge is doing his thing tho.
Yay for Jenn coming home today!
I am so happy we pulled another fan in!
Yeah, that was a good year. #YankeeNation RT : #Yankees are 0-3 for the first time since 1998.
Calling someone a Hoarder is just a really nice way of saying "Hey, you collect a bunch of stuff that totally sucks."
your face, it's perfect.
what is the schedule/location for RESULTS this Saturday? planning calendar, thanks!
Yea! I'll swing by Treehouse tomm to get all the paperwork done before I go apartment hunting.
Perfection is not just about control. It's also about letting go. Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience. Transcendence.
The older I get, the less I care about what others think of me. Therefore, the older I get, the more I enjoy life!!!
Cleaning up the kitchen & turning in for the night. Don't tell anyone but I mixed Cuban rum in with the strawberries. Whew.
you were the highlight of my week! Can't wait for your next NYC visit!
I only just finished watching MTP. My jaw dropped. Rachel handled him well; I wanted to throw a drink in his face.
Joyful performance today Avonova w/ Grant Levin, p., & (2nd gig with) Fred Randolph, b., & Akira Tana, d. Proud of self & my dancing Santa.
It's really hard to make a decision when you're too tired to hold on and too in love to let go..
RT : Given the success of the Tupac hologram I'm now considering going on the road with Bob Hope.
Just had a really enlightening yoga session! LOLJK! I'm drinking warm whiskey out of a water bottle designed for hamsters.
Are you on a bus?
hey jacob how are you :-) i need more followers any help is needed. Cool and thanks
Excellent job, Boys! 3 points!
Check your inbox yo.
hey boo ;)
Cinco de Mayo! Ole!
whats up man
I'm so hungry.
Time 4 the gym yeah Buddy
Great day, Social Media Universe! Are you ready to tackle one item of highest value today and ask for help? I support u!
John Elway, Coach Karl, the Rockies and Missy Franklin are all donating prized items to our auction. You don't want to miss this event!
Ah I'm soo fuckin mad rite now!!hollie leaving no!!ugly phillp should have left Ah!!!
Dammmnn its cold
Shout out to one of our favorite #NYC ppl, ! We're adding her Basement Bhangra to our FIT class tonight! 6 pm, 219 W. 19th St.
easing back into the work week... need to ease back into the riding routine too
Kinda excited to see wheezy
Congrats Re 'reading' your book! You'll do great! Excited for you!
I know, right?!?!? This guy had boxes full of awesome. I wanted them all.
thanks. How is Jimmy doing?
I want a book like a robin mckinley book but I've read and reread all of her books so someone tell me what to read.
People that make multiple brackets
says 77% of families use social media to keep in contact with deployed service members
It is now my intention to eat at yogato for 30 days straight.
-And Kiss Me Good Morning Too
Ha! You never know who you'll meet while waiting in line for the bathroom. Just chatted with Lori from !
We have school on my birthday this year. How disappointing.
And of course I sit here, a blubbering mess watching Crooklyn...
testing to see if u get this? Don't think I've tweeted u before (?) :) have a great day!
Alfredo wants Jerry. He thinks he is appetizing.
Ah Clifton's. There is no better atmosphere in town.
: haha, I get those all the time.
There are tickets listed on the Twins website for the home opener, but it's only loading SRO tix @$35/per. I think I'd rather stalk stubhub.
remember to have wispy hair!
Not everyday you see a giant purple catapiller and an ice cream sundae ride by you while you're pumping gas at the gas station. Hm...
what channel?
Meghan Calahan, thanks for having our back and helping to make our dreams come true!!!!!! Yr so rrrrrrrad!!!!!!!
I'm already following him
Just watched the 80's classic "3 o'clock High" on hulu. Loved it.
Thought I would ask anyway, thank for answering luv, also new to twetter, enjoy.
youtube hit me up with an invitation to "start earning revenue from my youtube videos." Word
Esodophobia is the fear of losing virginity
My ward of the day is: " ABSOLUTE FABULOUS " now who ever sees this by tomorrow say it 5 times in school kk love u guys
just east of Viterbo right?...wasn't there in 03
Band practice tomorrow (: go hardcore or go home.... We are going to do a poker face cover and hopefully play at the Pep assembly!
That's what I figured. Plus if I get off track or need to take it slow, it won't kill me :)
Thanks for the order! :) You should have your cards in time for your conf on the 5th
bitch i really dont care
This mixtape goin in right now
happy b-day! Zombies! What do we want? Brains! When do we want it? Brains!
Even rain doesn't stop us from cleaning
Mariano Rivera potentially going out like this just doesn't seem right. The greatest closer could have his career ended by...
You could follow to talk about Jesuits, Gerard Manley Hopkins, or ANY BEATLES SONG EVER. Also for pics of kittehs.
good morning (: & ive been ready for Tuesday <3 you ready?
that's why we have a can for them, after all.
I haven't heard from your people yet. :(
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)
Made the fastpitch softball , officially a high school athlete ! Aye
How do you feel about speed dating? Would you go to a speed dating event?
I just looked at the sched. You have a HORRIBLE time slot. Also, it will fill. They don't keep endless 402 wait lists for nothin!
A sentence without punctuation is like a wiener without a Prince Albert. Just, like, what's the point?
"shouts out to Jay-Z"
How far is San Diego from LA?
"YOUR 15" is trending worldwide instead of "YOU'RE 15" and that's why we haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
August 13, 1995 - Mickey Mantle dies of cancer at the age of 63.
stay safe and warm!
DM me :) I'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
Fun fun fun! thanks ! was awesome! it is now time for bed.
It looks like the NY Giants will be headed to Title Town next week.
My mind playing tricks on me
Good Morning! It's a crisp cool Fall day and it's so beautiful! Hope you are having a Fantastic week! Are you ready for Fall?
Don't forget the Mission Reach Phase 3 public meeting tonight at 6:30 at Connell Middle School (400 Hot Wells). See you there!
with ur LOVE :*
stay with the stale face
RT if you're pregnant and or old. I can't have no old pregnant bitches walkin' around here.
Thanks :D
aww I missed you too goose! Sorry I couldn't be there to occupy the emptiness of your day! haha jk jk
RT : Just noticed that a lot of people's phones autocorrect "stoked" to "Skokie," and find it completely fitting.
and in the end.. the love you take is equal to the love... you make...
The world would be a much calmer place if people would learn to think before they speak.
Ouchh, I have to be up by 8 :(
you do have the look and the talent :)
what's your favorite color baby?
I was trying to prevent myself from spending more time on the internet than I already do.
"Wimpole Street Writers: An Anthology" is now available to download on Kindle! More exciting news to follow soon...
Im Trying To Make Some Music That People Can Enjoy & Just Have A Good Time To & This Song Fits Perfectly. Cant Wait 2 Start Performing It
Currently we r only selling our album as mp3 the actual CDs are limited
Is it my imagination or does the moon appear to be, like 13% or even 14% bigger tonight?
Looking for a #ebook with taste? Download A-Town Veteran now.#Georgia #writers #authors .
there is absolutely NO requirement that the presidents parents be both citizens. That is ludicrous
I swear I thought he was an imposter until I saw the other guys following him.
Dear Ladies #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
If you haven't tried Currant's Fish Tacos on the Bar Menu you may want to try them...great on Friday Night!
needs sexy guys with tattoo's for AussieBum shoot on May 30th. Pay is $1,000 for the day. Email pics to if interested!
RT : be on da look out for this new track with me, & !! "Im On"
2012 Formula 1 Rankings After 4 Races: Fan's View - Yahoo! Sports
no prob. You were right.
awesome twin peaks tour I can never find those places
Only if my dreams were reality, my life would be successful.
im not actin like a girl. Get off my nuts
You are so beautiful..to me
if you really want to get crazy try a couple bowls of Count Chocula
I'll let him know you think so. He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, air-filled swings.
Im here
NFC North Champs baby, and it's good to see winning again.
GOOD LUCK BBY ;*
yaaaay:D &yup me too-__-
"Only those who can see the invisible can achieve the impossible." - Patrick Snow, Creating Your Own Destiny.
If churches are concerned with helping the poor, they'll be concerned with climate change, since the poor will be hardest hit.
Eh! I didnt know she was having a cookout...I go be deh live! Lol
Appreciate the article. But the PR damage is done. Mr. Selig would have helped. Did MU even ask him?
Just became a new fan of I'm in love <3. He's definitely gonna make it to the top! <21
This page is registered . I'm that good.
Yes! I will head up the campaign.
RT : OMG...got some SICK fucking tours to announce soon...SO SO FUCKING STOKED ;) we are fucking coming for you :D
LATE NITE HAPPY HOUR!! Watch the sunset over our beaches then join us 9pm-11pm Wed-Sat for 1/2 price draft beer-it doesn't get any better!!
happy New Year to you!
Embrace this paradox today: Be intense and positive. We don't have to go negative when we turn the pressure up.
Drop by the #mla12 DH poster session this afternoon to see a demo of the DiRT / integration.
I used one of your posts as an example in an NSF-sponsored workshop I taught recently. Thanks for your tweets.
the word: shemomedjamo. Memory eventually kicked in.
Do you know any startups that could use our services FREE for a year? We're looking for 14 more companies we can help! www.billingcamp.com
Cant wait to i can really shop..In dress back to normal
Grizz fans -- stop by after the game for Grizzly After Party. Grizz girls will be attending.
What food, farming or sustainability books are you reading? Share with
One final down, one more to go. Sweet sweet freedom, here i come!
Man. Rascal Flatts be playing with my heart strings, making me cry nd shit! Such a Sap :'(!
Getting on the #kobesystem. Over the top
Ah, Sori's 1st homer ties things up in the 9th inning :)
Our lunch is amazing at Crush! We have panini's, salads and 1/2 price sushi from noon-6pm!
CHECK OUT AND HIS NFL CELEBRITY GUEST THIS SATURDAY NIGHT AT PALM GARDENS...
Lazy Sunday - I've missed you so...
Prove all things; hold fast that which is good. - Bible
I had the same deal with upstairs neighbors. Turned out to be a chair on wheels rolling back and forth.
One of football's greatest linebackers is dead, & ESPN's 'breaking news' is the Saints' bounty penalties.
agree (: its gunna be the best year ever.
if this is the real michael i <3 you, my 2 and 5yr old loves you and we miss you :-( my 2yr old carries your photo everywhere
I am incredibly bummed the Beatles: Lost Concert is cancelled. Someone needs to take me to Chuck E. Cheese or something to make up for it.
L.A. Zoo director: “If you talk to people mostly on the Westside of Los Angeles…if you ask them ‘Where’s the zoo?’ they say, ‘San Diego."
Epic Audio. "Nice job, Phil." You stoked for Craft Beer Week?
I want to do a reverse morman
S/O to for being awesome, I love you! And btw we are totally hanging out this Summer <3 (:
- Thanks. We will pass this on to David
“: #weallgotthatonefriend that has no concept of geography.” isn't Alaska next to Hawaii
13 hours with ms. Martin... Wow this day is gonna be SO FUN
Agree MT : The best education companies are founded by passionate educators. #simpletruths -Jonathan Gr…
100 points to you.
He was in this series, no denying it
Just spent the last hour teaching my grandma how to use her new touch screen phone. After all of that, I'm ready for anything.
Just saw last night's "Scandal" (Thank God for DVRs with kiddos!) -- awesome work. I am so proud of my classmate!
who cares. If it's not Comic Sans, it's not worth identifying.
Hello Sagira, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
whats popping big bra?
Hey umm I think you should follow me :)
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” ~ Bo Bennett
Sarah Palin wants you to invite her imaginary friend into your life and let him take control of it.
Looks like this will be the end of that show 😒
“: No more birthdays for me wtf”did it expire or something lol
Time to get up & wrap some presents for Christmas Pt. 3 today.
haha, i hate when that happens! :/
true true. Oh well!
Erica was all "my tooth hurts" and I was like "oh no, I don't want it to be that time for you" and she said "what?" and I said "tooth-hurty"
Oh snap..!! No hangover!!
It's a tragedy :-/ Too many good memories with those guys
thank you! Even though today was slow and boring at work. Lol
Go Green @ UTD Tech Store! Turn in your used iPhone, iPad or iPod for an in-store credit while helping our environment.
LOL! I flew to Vegas yesterday, by myself. What the heck?
Happy International Women's Day!
I'll probably just wait for it to come out on Netflix. Other movies I'd like to see first
May the itch of a thousand crabs affect the one who ruins your day and may their arms be too short to scratch.
RT : Nothing does the trick like a 2nd floor window table overlooking Lake Mendota. (We concur!)
Girl me and the phone don't mix. lol. Except for very specific circumstances. Skype is better than phone too.
As someone who is trying to nurture her lesbian impulses, this catalog doesn't help. Do more, JCP!
Relationship doesnt get closer by meetings, But it is sweetend by thoughts
Hell I'll go to another Church ...watching Rickey Smiley
ONLY people without smartphones. Which means you can't have this type of conversation. So, go away.
See all the Freestyle crew at the 2Chainz concert (: VIP
Welcome to DFW by the way. Have a friend of wife's just got engaged & they are in process of interviewing photographers.
i just checked out your page. GOOD STUFF! :) it's just the kind of music i like!
Come enjoy our $2 Max Rake on All Limit Games! Call (702) 770-7654 for more information.
Happy Thursday- Gateway to the weekend baby! Wake up with the for fun! :)
Who needs free promotion to their social networks? Check out the site on my page.
Send some of that gear to the way of the Wisco baby, start sumthin new
#learningsomethingeveryday " Histologist " ~ one who studies the microscopic structure of plant and animal tissues in the field of anatomy.
That pizza I just had was good but the cheese was a bit tough.
I should say... J
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving (a day early)Don't forget, Santa & Mrs. Claus arrive by locomotive FRIDAY at 10:30am!! A must-see for children and adults
#idontlikeyoubecause you too sensitive
yeah...we kinda swagger jacked the name from that album haha!
Lmfao , Ricky Tried To Do My Hair .
Lol no not right now we have millions of volunteers to try out the lozengers though. They need to LEGALIZE IT!
Gabriel & Chris won't be home then
Women Unlimited is a national organization helping Fortune 500 women break the glass ceiling. Helping develop female leaders.
I know it's very alarming
how much I miss him when he's sleeping even I'm exhausted and the amount of feeding he does!
That seems to work. Thanks!
If Bush was still President, this morning's news would be a Predator drone strike that killed one of Bin Laden's wives.
Step Brothers never gets old
Having a good hair day? Stay inside! We will deliver lunch to your downtown office!
Got nothing better to do right now than tweet..
Wait, "supermoon" isn't some kind of flash mob? Because my buns are toned and ready.
THANK YOU
The narwhals have been baconing for 31 minutes now...
amen and a pristine hallelujah to that!
Everyone Follow trying to beat CNN to 1 million followers and is going to donate tons to charity.
I also screwed up with the twitter too, but I got it fixed also lol
no modern today :'( hitting the gym instead.
I'm craving flautas right now!
u dont know, u dont drink it
#NDSA Aaron Presnell says sustainability solutions are networks of mutually interested layers, like here (read as / NDSA)
And your light will forever shine
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet. Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
Dont walk away when im talking to yew xoxo
No Miami for me next month, but knowing me things might change....
just had a great coffee talk with happy energy!
Yeah Buddy!
#drinkingforjesus needs to be trending.
#OutoftheLoop What if the marriage is emotionally draining? Seek counseling
Happy weekend everyone!
Wine bloggers! Need a quiet place to think and write during #WBC11? Come check out OpenSpace- show your credentials and get a Free Day Pass!
same here! i shall wait until then
As you watch "Shame" (a must see!), check out the Girl on the Subway in the opening scene. That's out own Lucy Walters, aka Jess. Yeah!
Going to shower then sleep (hopefully)
Oh that is soon! Well, tell her I said hi.
Playing hide and seek with my 5 year old. Hope he doesn't find me for awhile.
Does one take the money and run from Kodak?
Mahalo to all who ate local at Picnic for the Planet! Local greens
Isn't it interesting how #Obama chooses to beg a women's college for the commencement speech? God, has this man any shame?
www.MorenoValleyTestOnly.com and don't forget us on facebook
It doesn't help? When I rearrange I always find enough space to land a 747. Maybe I'm a bad organizer. AM I IN THE WRONG PROFESSION?
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
bwaaahahaha. Spot on. Norv Turner is the worst coach since Herm Edwards.
Blessed be the Lord my strength, who teaches my hands to war & my fingers to fight."#Psalm 144:1
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
why is that? Its the weekend.
you guys know each other!?
Modell's. Just bought one.
like when you told me you were 5 and liked to play in that sandbox in your friends backyard but then they got rid of it. lol
Obama = politically INCORRECT
So is anyone interested in sending mealpacks to dying kids? This will be a great opportunity to help those in need and make some extra cash.
Going to start on Soul Calibur V.
Then I'll get u voodoo donuts for a house warming gift LoL
"The difference between a successful one and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge but rather in a lack of will"
This is going to be a great Friday.
damn right!
So I can't get a case of Coors Light? Damn.
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
well aware of this
Making mountains, not out of mole hills but chips !
RT : Since bin laden's death, 367 American troops killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
So sorry about that! :(
sorry about the spamage. gotta promote DAB. :) thank you for the advice!
The shit says..on YouTube is hilarious!!!!
Come on Caps. Tie it up.
ELI'S BBQ com ing to Columbia Tusculum on Riverside Drive! More details coming soon!
Did i really just fall asleep watching TV? Damn! Florida is wearing me out...in a good way.
still mad about that lonely packet of salami they use to keep on deck lol
wassup sorry bout that .
Long day of filming...back to the drawing board call @ 8:20 am. Looking forward to another day of filming. After that, TimeScare
Signs of Spring finally breaking? RT Perfect day to enjoy some food outside on the patio!
Because life is too short not to seek, play, and laugh with reckless abandon.
Baseball practice tonight. Hope the Tosa Muckdogs are all ready for some fun tonight!!!
btw, 2011 splits don't seem drastically different: is Affeldt a LOOGY? What's the criteria for getting this label?
Also mark your calendars for SAT 5/14 - guitar virtuoso FAREED HAQUE and his newest group MATHGAMES! A musical genius in the house! $8 / 18+
what day
love love love your pic #gorgeous !
Believe in your dream & work hard to get it, successful people are sleepless...
A message popped up and said that!!
Gn don't forget to pray 🙏😘
Massumi: instinct triggered by intensification not resemblance.
#LMSunSIG how to sneak in getting faculty to embrace course design?
I walked 15,000 steps today and got a badge with Fitbit! (actually, this happened on May 9 but #FitBit is rewarding me today... glitch?)
is your boyfriend like mexican
Do ever get tired discussing silly issues!
Is it too late for JR Smith to give up shooting threes for lent? 2 for 11?!? I was getting Harrington flashbacks.
They auto tweeted this for me. I dont use the word "cool" unless I use it in a cool way or a very uncool way that makes it that much cooler
Don't put your lips up to my mouth & tell me you can't stay.
Nope, they're exactly the same.
Currently battling an on-the-way-to-work flat tire... Great.
C/O 2013, MAKE SURE TO VOTE FOR ANTON TEEHANKEE FOR SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT!!! THAT'S ME, PROMISE YOU WONT REGRET IT :)
Spurs v. Warriors... The Warriors ave 107.9 points at home. The Spurs have lost 3 straight when allowing 100 pts or more.
Tumblr > Twitter > facebook
who's the lucky winner?
Rock bottom = Putting saved Taco Bell hot sauce packets on food that is not from Taco Bell.
well maybe lol where are youu?
Thanks for the #FF!
ONE week from today I will be on my way to visit Erica in Modesto/SanFran!!! :) so freaking excited.
Need a catchy name for a fall fundraiser for the Oklahoma Humanities Council. Any ideas?
True Story, that's how I found it. Also found I needed to delete my old blog
Nice job!
Mixed combo, of course! Why settle for just one? And we've decided, that mustache of yours deserves a cameo in the near future.
Awesome busy at #LGO. Line's our the door.
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." -Helen Keller
Aha Why You Realy Dont Have To Feel Bad Cause Its Gonna Come Back Alive,Unless Youve Already Killed It 8 Times lol>,,<
I'm a fan of but they were sold out for today. Got stuck with the Megasuck.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles-The Player, Psycho and Liar, Liar!
How is it that we weren't following each other before this?
thanks for visiting me when you picked up your mommy!(:
Aloha ! What will Seattle do without that smile?
I dont wanna throw you away, coffee house monday
I hit send too soon...compedium of your vocabulary?!? RT : have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
a friend has a 7 year old son who started playing piano one year ago and can really swing in rag time. now that's gifted. way to go josh.
SMSU seeking a tuition increase to improve the old Mattke field
kind of like new facebook...they're just makin' changes!
screwed up a word
Well i went ahead and circled you in case you're ever over there. I have to admit, I like Google+. I always learn something from it
School is POINTLESS English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora. We are smart
Aw! Luke can't move out until he's 35, so you can move in with us!!!!
Yikes, hope no one is hurt
hmm, beautiful white face on top of What looks to be a red body. Fire the photographer!
ehhhh idk we will have to see!
Andy slow motion pieing Jerry is one of the top one TV watching moments of my life.
Business is like riding a bicycle - either you keep moving or you fall down.
“: #kitchenpetpeeves servers who think they're chefs” omg
i think i ate too much. ;o
Back in Phoenix!! The way my house look you would have thought I left for a month. Smh
Desert Harbor Coaching for women who need an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a place to dream and plan, a desert harbor of help and trust
Glad you liked it. That's mostly what I write about, so stay tuned. :D
I've been sick for too long. Ryan's reign of cat photos is over.
Getting ready for my Orthodontist appointment. Kill me now......
Saw your request for help with DreamFace, feel free to contact me with any questions you may have,
your lyrics are plain, like 8 ball jackets ~ Phife Dog
Wow i am so tired!
cc: MT Just read about AOL launching an online video network... VERY interested to see the concept
Thanx 4 the praise! What was fast & strong again?
So I walk in there and end up kissing my own brother. Yeah I know it's fucked up. You know what they say? Like father like son. You said...
The weather says 76 degrees, but I am saying sweatpants
RT : lol willow hush it make me
I tune in all day every day :) !
I'm reading it right now!
im 4 or almost 5 hours away ;/
No problem bro have a look at my site... we will be more than happy to promote your site, if you promote ours
Going to the movies later... :-D
That's what I said xD! Dear god sometimes I wish they could understand /:
Chocolate Bacon was pretty much
#InstantDebate I like wat marshall is sayin the better twam always wins
I agree! "Water" is one of my fav songs...RT : LAURYN HILL UNPLUGGED IS TRUE GOSPEL... OMG I FEEL UR HEART MISS HILL
debating if I want to sleep now and wake up at 2 or if I just want to stay awake. hmph.
I will be attending an aswesome fundraiser this evening for a great group of women who walk the 60 mile #breastcancer walk every year!
U be nice. That's my homie.
"politically physical" .. I love it. I'm gonna borrow that, with proper APA style citation of course. ;).
What's your favorite shop on Charles? Who's got the best style?
hallmark of #libleadership - yanking people out of negativity and fostering positive interpersonal relationships wherever possible
going to sleep dnt text me or call me....#stressed out! >.<
Hey - Sick of all your typical unhealthy options in the neighborhood today?
Someone show me how ANY new space company can guarantee a return on investment with their ideas?
u kidding? I will be front row (no pun intended ) with my I <3 the B-more Fergs tee on.
Lol fun day today!!!
So cute waiting for while he is singing Cancer
We'll be happy to see you! Have safe travels! (You can always order online from our store as well for your added convenience!)
it was thatt much?? Well damn! Lmao sweet dreamzz peanut 😘
OH: You have goals and like, try to do stuff
Hi Janice thanks for following!
Palace bbq buffet, too much meat
Thank you!!
I think I'm seeing things
I love you<3
it is amazing how much I want to scrub toilets (literally) when I have writing deadlines.
she just called herself a "mahonie". someone hold me back
oh youre welcome brian :)
Today was one of the longest bloody days EVER ... glad it's over. :) And for the record, I love AMCs THE KILLING -- seriously it's so good!
Kickin' it old school & rocking some Blink 182, ah high school! Hows your Tuesday AM Going? p.s Luke just stole 4SQ Mayorship from Gabe ;-)
Facebook bought Instagram. Sigh.
👈 loves Ray Allen. Sad that this loss may have been his last game. Even Jesus Shuttlesworth gets older
We keep it classy but when we drop it we make it nasty #mansionelan this friday
Blue Jackets make history tonight...a full playoff preview..plus a big warm up in the forecast...80s anyone? And a 100-year-old bowler-at 5!
Are you guys playing at country music fest?
A big shout out to Jon Lovitz for proactively and powerfully protecting his daughter. Good role-modeling, Jon!
Good morning!! :-)
I want to be more than friends, do you?
which one had your vote?
bo this sucks !
Same to you. Peace.
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date on business activities. 918-271-0062
Yay, on your great recs in I am so glad you included one of our local faves,
Oh stop it, you. You're making me blush!
« Lol ooh damn my mom gonna kill me , I just smashed all the eggs !»yurh gymnast died..
Floating in the vacuum with no purpose, not a one. Why in the night sky are the lights on?
yeah! Lol I love cupcakes!
to talk about my mama ! but you doing crack TF ? She Super Silly ! smhhhh
ah, is you. dope! music + vegans are my 2 favorite things :)
omg like no way????
nvm I went to Tonys house and I saw ur bro and mom but not u :(
Boys - Never underestimate a lady's power when it comes to the
closer to home?
I missed you luv, how u been? (:
lololol I never thought of it that way!
you'd b a sucker if u went to UofLOL. Because their coach has fewer NBA players in his 9 years there than Cal's 1 at UK! BBN
but my iPad fits in my bag and my iPhone fits in my pocket so......
I miss you SO much girl!!!! Thinking about making my way out to LA for a visit this summer!
wondering how i never knew about #iTunesGenius ...IT'S GENIUS. duh!
I am blonde again--thank you Jill at Magnum Opus in #pdx! With this much hair, having someone else blow it dry is the best present ever :)
going out tonight......trouble!!!
the fact is, our hand-eye coordination is way better
what is the issue with slow starts coaching or motivation?
thanks.. any pointers for a beginner?
Good morning, Dear! How is your day going? How's life?
I love coming home drunk af, and walking in to see my mom wide awake
where u watching it??
Congrats to the for their 2 Webby Awards!
And the campout for Wiz tickets begins!.
I hate seeing " does not follow " (me) depressing 2
I plan on setting up a fake FG account
Thanks for the RT Rachael
Having a substitute teacher, also known as tweeting frequently and creeping on people's profiles.
my name is kaitlyn am so very fly oo my its a little bit scary boys want to marry
Avengers was so good!!!!!
All the single ladies put your hands up!!!!
If you are tired of making ends meet, you need to be on this call at 9:00PM EST 646-519-5860 Code: 64630#
Seriously, so disappointing! RT Unoriginal. Audi obviously didn't get the memo that vampires are over.
hello world, i've been up for 20 hours straight now and i'm still not tired.
We have a new blogger. His name is JORDAN. Say hi to Jordan or he might cry.
he makes us forget that. Nobody wants any tiger to struggle. He has been awful this year and we have series expectations
"The Show" Directed By: Cynthia Graner "Los Gritones" * Directed by: Roberto Perez Toledo "SaE" Directed By: Christopher Oroza
whats the status on Gonzalez? and brauny for today?
rock. see you at the show
I will put it on the list for a kitty name now!
nice to see your finally rooting for the #Padres!!
Can't wait to hear it. Damn good flick.
The Fashion Show is no Project Runway....that's for sure.
Happy Monday!! What dance did you see and/or do this past weekend? Did you take a class, rehearse, perform, see a show? Let us know :-)
I've got my wicker basket on standby.
who you calling a #hoe, #skank? I'm about to pop off on a #bitch!
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say �I
I need to get my tweets up
RT : So proud of all my students. Congrats 2012 graduates!
What a throw #bradytobranch one of his best all year
Great interview with Fred, and thanks for the awesome words about the program.
No pain, no gain!
I like white girls more than black girls for some reason now I need some white girls to fwm
not gonna touch that one...
IM THE MAN IN MY CITY
Having a great week celebrating our birthday!
Do you favorite tweets? Think I might start.
If you don't start writing then I'm going to cut your fingers off.
ID'ed it! 03 05 08 09 all terrific, too! RT : Christy, the '98 will seduce you! re:
Right now! Tune in to 91.7 FM for an interview with Michelle White inside the exhibition 'Seeing Stars".
"And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves." John 17:13
they seriously do! I work out at Premier Fitness in Webster. One of my fav guys is the kid that runs BACKWARDS on the tredmil
is tweeting some real info to live by.
“: Them: Were you dropped as a baby? Me: Yeah, Into a pool of sexy.”
congrats on being named first team all-american kind, gentle, secretly #beastMODEallDAY sir
my family
Goodnight :L
I was paying more attention to the #puppybowl earlier
what channel?!?!
some of my favorite bizness ppl to w/ work with << all talented & professional.
Where's my boy at???
Awesome. Delivery too??
Gaaaah! I'm going to see it next week!
Bust a move, cut a rug, or tear up the dance floor. Whatever you call your dancing, come express it at Hip Hop in #anhkc. Sunday from 1-3pm
I'd like to try video blogging
How will you make this week healthy, fit and fun?
Theres no christmas spirit without you here
well according to the playoffs they are one of the top 4 teams in the west... Right? Define "bad team" then? Lol
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
It's Friday and I'm letting my hair down. Let the weekend begin
lol, we saw him walk into the liquor store - as best he could
i love your new single Boyfriend! you are beautiful inside and out and i am so proud of you! cant wait for #Believe!
oh, you mean like a tapenade? You're right, that's certainly a key ingredient on a true Muffaletta! I will scold the chef :)
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
you are creeeeeeepin
Republicans support tax cuts; unless they're for you.
Thanks!!! You're the first and that means you're my favorite! :-)
Hola prima! Lol I didn't know you followed me. How have you been?
Hope to see Ramon Hernandez at #Redsfest. What? Rockies?
A man with no imaginations has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Have you read John Jeremiah Sullivan's essays in "Pulphead"? Great stuff. Also Wade Davis' "Into the Silence" re Mallory et al on Everest.
One guy lied about loosing a fight. Some guy beat him up so badly, he lied. Saying that, he had been jumped by several guys.
Moneyball is still one of my favorites! Next time, Brad!
Saw film Sanctim. Seat squirmer! Story line predictable. Underwater cave diving scenes awesome.
a knife
Cool. It's on my shelf, like third up on the queue.
Selective memory, most likely. Let's hope he never moves beyond candidate. Meanwhile, I should stick to neuroplasticity and poetry!
Want more free time? #Vote #TeaParty this November?
you can split it and blame me if anyone calls you on it :) I love those debates.
Good news: my office got Office 2010 today. Bad news: Outlook says I have 17,072 unread emails in my inbox.
i was there from 1 to 4
Pictures due by next thursday :)
David Cissé nasty
I'll try too! But guess what i just found out :((
I'm so sad cause I've never meet in front of the Al Hirschfield Theatre ... :(
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I'm Fat." "I'm ugly."
RT "Thinking about the 1930s thanks to I won't say what's in the works yet but its something cool" and crazy :)
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore. Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
the shirts for the trip look like mustard thats gone bad .wth. ._.
if u r going 2 see Inception tonight, u might want 2 plan on brewing some good ol' Celestial Seasonings: Tension Tamer Tea, before bed. ;)
you smell...
Damn i forgot all about june 23rd ...
Needs to be problem centered, NOT content centered
omg, one of my followers are DROP DEAD gorgeous. & shes darkskinned. thats amazing.
Running time is a beautiful thing.
I passed by it and then the menu makes me want to be 12 & dress up! IRL!? That's crazy! :)
Thanks. Watch Gayle today @ 4 on OWN.Stedman's on with her.
I give up. Could not fall back asleep after the dinosaurs galloped through Tulsa (actually crazy thunder rumbles). Treadmill time!
. Any day we () grace the front page of the Star is a great day!
": I eat the news for breakfast. #Nomnomnom" well this was the easiest RT I've ever done lol.
next on the meal: equipment and supplies?
Off to work.. Come see me 😊
Ah I think a lot of my sunscreen washed off in the ocean today.....used SPF 30 but still got burned! :-(
so what's this morning's buzz
Be prepared to see an influx of photos today that are new for a bunch of people. And eleven years old for the rest of us.
sup shelly shell
Welcome, Mr. Sperry!
Sounds like our Hopped Up 'N Horny IPA is going through some major improvements. More on that to come!
Some of the most amazing things in life can be the most overwhelming. Moving, raising children, getting to know someone new
Lawler returns as the Cardinals take over on the 24-yard line, down 28-7. Six left in the half.
Hello how are you?
Today's not a good day.
And now all I wanna see is
Police in #Indonesia tell they will not issue permit for Jakarta show, amid concerns that she could corrupt the youth
Monday is my great nephews birthday he will be 5 years old.
Thanks for the RT, you sweet thing, you!!
you blow something up in your microwave???
lol nah was watching the weigh in but yeah you see his work ethic on 24/7 haha RT : you must be watching 24/7 lol
The lightning show tonight is amazing!
Vera Wang "we don't glove you anymore".
Tweet Drama? "Twama?" how can this be? ❔❔❔
Why would anyone FTA and have thier Bond Double as Opposed to paying the same $ to an Attny to Help them?
The first studio I ever worked for day 1, is doing a new mech game! Congrats!
lol oh yes!!!
Thanks for the RT :) See you in a week!!!
HA! (in a whisper: I think he might see your tweet)
I definitely agree with that, that's my favorite meal of the day anywho
Why do you think there's a "w" in Velsaquez? Just a hard K sound in the last syllable!
love it!!! Back stage is also fun :-) happy opening cast and crew !!!
Jenny's so gorgeous
lol alright. It better be good too
thank you :D you work tomorrow?
Some, but not all. And if you want to listen to one of the albums w/o it - kinda sucks.
Court is in session....
Tweeted something. Realized I was logged into wrong account. Logged out. Now have NO CLUE which account it was.
By the hammer of Thor! Could this day BE any longer?
the thing is that we don't have the whip right now
Come on !
Already sick of it
Jonathan Allen and Manu Raju write a hit piece on for actually working across the isle and not playing partisan BS. Fuck
and i went through her messages on her phone and saw everything.
bc I'm bright orange and once I'm on u you'll really start to question the life decisions that got u here
RIP Maurice Sendak
What an awesome set by at
dude help me with this twitter thing, not really sure how to do stuff haha
got some family in from Germany so I'm out to dinner with them right now... what's poppin
If a Danny DeVito bio-pic is ever made, I have no doubt that Stan Van Gundy will nab the starring role.
Imma get my rat tail today when I get home
Awww! What kind of pet?!
Thanks, I've placed my order. I'll let you know when the card has arrived and is activated.
US: 25 out of 30 for infant mortality rate in industrialized nations. Rates even higher in most communities of color. Need
That's a GREAT song. And I'm from Wisconsin. ;)
RT And Get The Biebs To WASHINGTON!!!!(:
hiring for a .NET/C# developer to work in #PDX. Let me know if you are interested.
Intense morning! Gave a 4-hour session on CQRS, event sourcing, RabbitMQ, Riak & Erlang pattern matching. Went well, but now I need a nap.
Did you see him carve that spoon? And build that fireplace? He could kill Bear Grylls just by looking at him.
I was gonna tweet something weird, but I'm kinda drunk and forgot.
Thanks for RT Nicole. Have a great day!
this Sunday, Raleigh, NC
Interviewer: "Who's your rolemodel?" Liz: "My mom,"" Awww<3.
Only through knowledge, are top decisions that you'll be able to make for yourself without worrying about the risks!
are u a girl?
haha i know i didnt see it but it will be the longest 2 hours of ya lives
Complete the sentence...."I have a better chance of (fill in the blank) than winning the latest Mega Millions!
Time for Glee :)
You guys crack my shit up -- hope you're both not hungover today!
Shut up. I'm sure some ppl appreciated my public service.
the fat brown fox waslked under the lazy dog.
Soo bored in kingston
no later than 6 pm.
To all the people: stop posting overexposed pictures of yourself on facebook and accept the fact that your face looks the way it does.
Anybody care to guess the 2 new flavors for March? My guesses are Ground Beef, Taco, Pickle and/or Salad. Hey, it's okay to get creative.
Heard a german girl tell a jewish joke!
I'll be checking you out homie, miss working with you! Foodchain is killing it!!!
Lol yes it is! I wish there was a store that was like Wegmans, Trader Joes, and Whole Foods combined, but all at TJs prices;)
VIDEO POSITIONS OPEN! ANY GIRLS IN COLUMBIA SOUTH CAROLINA THAT WANT TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE? RETWEET,DM,OR REPLY!!
sure man whatever you say :)
ayoo are you gonna be in dubv this weekend?
Happy Birthday Wayne Gretzky!
Today: Do something that has now been medically proven to improve the immune system and increase our positive brain chemistry-- Smiling.
I feel a fever coming on.. 70 Degrees in #Denver today and 80 over the weekend. It must be SPRING FEVER because I just want to be outside!
I feel like I'm carrying a large fetus. Never eating again.
Time flies. I'm not that old! ;)
i love ur hair ??
Deal... How are ya liking the gig? Cause it MUST be so different (ahem... sarcasm)
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone. - Tennessee Williams
oooooommmmmmmgggggg but I guess this is what I asked for...
what a great fucking day. didn't know joking with your friends during class would turn into this big pile of bullshit.
thank you very much. thank you for reading it. :)
true that
time together is just never quite enough.
Emergency water help is on the way! cc
wat!!!? if all else fails, DM it to us
the call in number is 503 225-0860 hope you can do it
RT : The Barrick Auditorium is rockin' for a Get Out the Vote event. Titus, Berkley and Reid will be in the house @ 1pm!!!
RT : I got a lot of important things to focus on, and the shit some of y'all talkin about is irrelevant...
Jesus lol so sexy
“ I do know..but I don't tell guys...” Good luck with that, I hope ya don't wind up on hoarders with 100 cats when you get older!
. Thanks for the Tweet about 's blog!
I just thought about the fact that left the premises with giving me my bag... :(
Home of the city's most sexy sandos!
just got a proposal for an atari themed html5 dev competition! Keep the ideas coming
Silence is not weakness, ignorance or fear. Silence is going back into yourself & remembering who you are & your strength. xo's & ♥
love u 2 sunshine
Mazel Tov - that's all very cool and exciting, yet crazy at the same time!
u know it.
your cute. ;)
Dental floss appears to be in a constant state of revenge against the bathroom mirror.
Blood on the Dance Floor Interview is Dropping this week. Nate is editing it right now.
Ah!! Parks and Rec is renewed for season 5. 22 episodes!
In Vivo => Within the living organism
Get to see Tomorrow ! I'll admit, I'm pretty stoked to see them again (:
Kevin Durante bout to catch fire now
i kno u might not see this but if u do can u please follow back!! i LOVE U! xoxo
If you Follow what others do the best you can ever do is 2nd..... Be yourself and be Unique.
Yeah, just saw tweet from saying he's going out for run. Kinda stings. Hopefully still nice around 6-ish.
Also good night to the wonderful and :) I'll talk to you later today haha
I like naps
Hi! Sounds like you're very productive this morning.
You're going to love it! Celeste did a great job!
So I've heard, I'm checking out Austin this summer, there are rumors of serious swag.
Thanks for the shout-out! And, I'm glad to hear you're a fan! DM me your address and I'll pop some in mail!
Shenandoah! I just camped there last weekend.
So fucking siced I got that job training on Sunday.
yup DIED AGAIN!! She is not responding to my facebook chats!! :P
You're Responsible for Your Life......
It is HOT in Boston!! It is perfect weather for frozen cocktails!! Come try one at Tia's
Check out our new look! We can do this for your fan/business pages as well!
Go Pike Westside Rhythm!! State Finals! #MarchMadness #HoosierHysteria Winter Percussion
In case of Zombie Apocalypse, I'm tripping you.
you got it lol you guys are hilarious!!!
yeah no problem!!
Shout out to for finally joining twitter (Meredith Gamble)
I'm a bit out of it, haha. I totally forgot
proud that I mustered up the will to take hot yoga tonight. Incredible mind & body workout. Great way to close out work week & get centered.
go to sleep .
Such an emotional weekend at my confirmation retreat... I'm so thankful for my friends and family. Love you guys
2/2 "... and helpful holistically towards my performance in the course"
The only thing is full of is jimmy john's. Honest
HAPPY JORDYS DAY JORDAN!!!!! :) hope it's great;) hehe
hey Mario do you work today?
Thanks so much! Glad you liked it :P We just got started, so please spread the word to your friends :)
it's whatever bro
I'm thinkin money every moment thinkin money
Thanks for following my twitter Ahmad.
for , every commercial is as good as a superbowl commercial
you were my favorite character this evening!! Congrats on a fab first preview
Apples & Oranges my friend.
Yes. Yes is my answer. And, I was hoping you were writing something scary! (I shoulda said 'brains' instead of 'minds', huh?)
But idc. "Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Holy shit I almosst died! :O
Awee they are the cutest little fluff balls! I'm in love lol
Come tweet with us tag your NYC pic
so are you(:
YESS!!!=) I have an Auditions for America's Most Wanted this week=D
A big 6 publisher is interested in DCL #ebook model!!!
wish I was there with you guys too. Soo much.
Good luck to all of the STL Bracket Challenge participants from ! Winner gets a great gift certificate from REDD! Go
Better then your vagina bahahsh RT : Your sex is on fire 🔥
no worries there, well see to that :D See you soon!
haha, i'm definitely holding you to that. #freeloader lol kidding
the mantra right now has gotta be "don't fuck it up"
thanx for the love, check out MrSelfServe23 on Youtube
My roommate hasn't seen Firefly. This...this is being remedied immediately.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. --- Peter Ustinov
Where is marketing going?
awe the good old days !
Stranglehold before the anthem = awesome
#boyfriend is # 1 on itunes! great job!
i didn't think that would go to twitter lol
Who ever thought they would see the day that Tim Tebow went to hell?
Just entered to win giveaway from Blue Cricket Design. I give stuff away all the time but never win!
Carlos Gomez seems to now be injured as well.
Nice! Bring us a W
Lol aiight good bro, everything went well?
I'm so tired if being told be happy with yourself. I AM HAPPY W/MYSELF. Others need to get on board. To me reality is happiness
U IZ SO MEAN LYKE OMG
The dog does not understand the time change. She's ready for dinner, even though she's two hours early. It's going to be a long two hours.
RT : happy B Day!!!!! You got a whole new life to live!! Enjoy it
Orthodontist tomorrow :// not cool.
I let my five-year-old take over all my Draw Something games. Stick figures for all!
yeah bro I gotta leave
very nice daaammm
Yeah, pretty late/early there, no? Deciding between River Plate & Sons of Anarchy season 1. Seen the series?
if I'm louder would you see me? would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave it gone again
#Hoeski chants are still a thing?
You are gorgeous! ♥ Ohh! & i love your Marilyn Monroe background:D
Don't miss out tomorrow! Sign up for a mountain bike race and join in the festivities - food trucks, free beer and a great crowd!
Morning world I’m riding around on my side of town wit’ my dubs up and my window down
lol don't mention it
note: next Christmas Album U should sing "Cold Outside" With Beyonce! Awesome~
wait, wtf. this vegan shit is MICROWAVE ONLY? This seems wrong to me. Also, I don't have a microwave and its in plastic. Shit.
your awesome!
May 15th @ 8pm will host it's night of readings @ The Cherry Lane Theatre!! Reservations:
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
The very essence of #leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. -Theodore M. Hesburgh-#
Can't wait to see everybody out at adairs Tonight! Special thanks for sticking up for old school friendship yesterday!
i followed you =]
We are planning to be busy busy with #SB46 and we've got the booze in-stock to be that way!
and soo u. Can't reply
stop trying to play the victim
that's always me. i think i must have been born sleeping!
RT : Early going in Omaha, 17:12 to go and #Gators with a 4-3 lead on Norfolk St, all of UF's pts from the FT line
Thank you media for regularly pointing out Chen #Guangcheng is blind, otherwise I would have assumed he was some kind of hipster douche.
I love chuck...lots of flavor from the fat!
when there is a good reason to... love...when there is no good reason to... love...when there is no reason needed at all... love...
Happy Friday! Hope you do something fun :-)
Okay, I may as well say it too! The snow was nice today! We got our Christmas tree up and built us a cozy fire.
thats whats up..can u e mail me your# and when r u free to meet?
I'm hyper let's play volleyball - Michael Stallings
Emergence or epiphenomena may be the terms we were searching for to describe the whole being greater than the sum of the parts.
I'll admit that I do have an incredibly large amount of work to do with my house, ha.
Hahahaha I am. stop replying to me go on &finish yer sammich! :p #FatAss ;)jk.
Doctor Who marathon. Please stand by...
Iced Tea
The kid pulled 30 hours of over time.... Lol....
That hotel room getting really boring, huh?
sexy pirates that's a scary thought.
LOL yeah true.
Pretty amazing link, Liz.
Legs: heavy and weak leg
I love 2012. When artists like A$AP Rocky and Lana Del Rey can work with each other and have no shame.
u know it
The day is going good so far!
Wow, beautiful storm out. Nice night to leave the windows open :)
You always know when I'm tweeting about us, don't you?
(: your video is almost done(: please watch it! it took my a while to do this!(;
Interval cardio still kicks my butt to this day! That's how you know you're doing it right!
Who gets the most ladies out of the three of you?
I don't see it. Two current players got suspended. I don't think that kills their whole season. This is a team built on offense.
I like Pie!!!! America needs more pie (more cow bells too). Pie = peace. Pie = happiness
tongue fuck my pussy
RIP Junior Seau...
I can't believe how many teenagers getting frappucinos are ahead of me in line while I wait for actual coffee at the Starbucks downtown.
Congrats Running With Panthers on your sick new 7 inch!! First 50 colored wax come w/ 4-26 show ticket and PBR goodies!
I wonder when #gristedes is going to catch on to this, and how much $ they'll offer you to become their official street blogger
Lets see you back on Twitter full time, what music is happening?
oh by the way that was sarcasim..its my new thing but thanks tho
Sounds like you guys do a good job of connecting. Do you just not care that much about what a band's up to?
Lets go
Ya think?
You can tell when someone's insecure when they're a completely different person on twitter than they are in real life
RT : Sigh..I go to somebody fb page just to laugh at them...jesus please take this ratchetness away from me.--lmao, I do too
Happy Early Birthday! “: starting my birthday weekend off right! going to see and with :)”
“: they are not winning it all.” who's your team??? Oh bulls? Where they at? Oh......
Should Calipari go to the Knicks or stay at UK? If he stays at UK he will achieve God like status..if he already hasn't.
Phone chargers forgotten: 0. Phew.
I hope by the time you come to the USA....you are still a humble harry
If we desire civil discourse, perhaps we should ask people to read not Ayn Rand but Jane Austen.
Vikings to play in Gopher's stadium while new stadium is built. So now two amateur teams will play in the same facility.
R E S P E C T, find out what it means to me! Lmao idk why but I've been singing that all day
lovely view! I was just out there last week, club scene besides 1 spot was garbage though
I've always wanted to visit and it looks like I might get the chance this fall for a PR event. Fingers crossed!
#EVERYONENEEDSAFRIEND so don't
Check out my live feed interview around 8, I'll put up the link in a few
I've got some serious work to do to my stomach before next weekend... This is ridiculous..
Things you don't want your dinner guests to hear at Thanksgiving #5:" I am SO not wearing pants today" Husbands. Sheesh.
#myidol - Elise picked a great song. She's one awesome rock chick. Very cool.
What does David Bowie have to do with Texas history?? :-)
Tired of these antibiotics and being sick :x
Cmon Lexington. You're better than this. It was just Louisville. We are supposed to beat little brother.
f i STOPPED TALKING TO YOU .....don't take it PERSONAL ...I'm GRINDING so that the next time I talk to you u I got some WORTH TALKING BOUT
ticket sale has been moved to this upcoming Friday
Wide awake right now. Could use a Dutch.
i get you :) because we catch up the minute we're together again! i'm gonna miss you SO much! more than anyone else, obviously!
same! My Faves are "96000", "ChestNuts"& "Last Dance". I memorized almost the whole rap for "96000", hehe♥
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” -Maya Angelou
Now head on over to Old Town ;)
hey long time no talk :) <3
That's great news! (P.S. radio reaches much of the state, not just Portland. Lots more ears.)
The other big reason to watch this morning... a big change is coming in your forecast. #Patrick Hammer
May the Fourth be with you - #StarWarsDay all over Detroit! Things will never say...
Chris breezy is fucking whack
we need a pic of those shoes!! :)
Anyways, taking a break from packing. About to get dress and get ready for downtown.
Both gross but I guess Gatorade.
I heard that show as well. I only have their first fabulous album "Entertainment!" and now want more....
two meetings for separate webseries and events in the next few months.
: me too! And for sure on the feedback, thanks!
Thank you!! Have a great day!!
too cute
And good point on the "too real" look hurting fantasy. The LOTR universe requires an otherworldliness a film look can provide.
totally. oh wait, do you mean me? because then no.
RT : I care to much, I needa stop.
Days like this are great to just enjoy outside and not be in.
blago got screwed now he needs to bring the rest of them down with him starting with Obama started it
lol! To be loved
& I ALWAYS am the first to message back. I thought if this time were different he'd know I won't tolerate being treated badly!
“: I'm glad you guys like my "54 Minutes Of Funk" mixtapes!!! Spread da word!”
#GOP: Property over people. #Dems: People over property. Where is your loyalty? People or property? And what would Jesus say?
Look both ways before you cross the street. Always.
Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you <33
How would you like it if you couldn't marry the person you loved. It's not right! You can't help who you love!!!
i was born to spit this dope
Talking to Tim Allen at 2pm (PST). What should I ask him?
I freaked out big time when followed me imagin following me. You better watch out no telling what I will do
he looks so different now....
Rules for NPR party: no flash photography on solange knowles
Speed Training
Just got back from camp and it was TERRIBLE, just ask your sister. I can't wait 2 go to Camp Fusion next year
do you know what time the greenwood/Whiteland game is?
All Thursday ticket holders will be honored admission on Friday ONLY.
I aint throwing no SUBS
Boom. Birthday.
Gods Little Instruction Book~ If you dont stand up for something then youll fall for anything.
NYC @ Arlene's Grocery tomorrow! If you know those any NYC peeps let them know! Important show for us <3
I get the same amount of attention as a white crayon. Yep.
Brown Sugar is a good movie
I wonder how many black people can actually resite the 10 commandments. ............. Still waiting
Murray for sure...I like Greene after that, but it's close between him and Blount
I'm game - maybe early June?
GOOD GOD!
lmao when? I get no calls !!!
yep don't want to get up at all ;(
I actually might do what i say i will do today lol
Can't zoom out enough on #raceview to see, you know, racing. Please fix
Her Avi Aint Cut At All !
P.S. Go Skins!
Oh yes, but I'd say most. We cry on the West when it barely sprinkles. Still doesn't validate winning experience points tho.
S/O SUM OF THE 412 ARTIST'S
Are you a #cancer patient? Know someone who is? My #book can help w/inspiration & info: Amazon "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer"
#DBLsocial Speakers and Engaging Social - 136 peeps signed up for event.
Don't suppose they have any penguins, either. I'm going to TJ's.
Thanks, Megan! We think you're the best.
I would wake up with a sore throat....great
Haha that's cool! Hmm I don't know? :)
Don't be sorry about anything! You rocked that last minute of last night's game :) GO #BULLS!
I have so much building up inside of me that I don't let out. This is gonna eventually end in a bad way.
Is this the same station Erin Davison works for?
ayy my dad is DJ'ing for kirko bangz ;D
What a beautiful day in ! I love my heritage, it's great to be #Danish!
You must visit soon!
NW Cherry Chocolate Shakes are back!
wait I have an issue someone dm'd me I gotta fix this shit!
MINDBOGGLING. and scary.
a fellow TM member just recently passed away anf if you can show some love for there fam
Who's ready for the summer?
Creative really needs to follow through to landing pages to share a cohesive message.
Cam already did it
#RIP day shift
Im a fucking awesome cook!
• Also pitched very well.
I am a garden. fertilize me.
Fuck man I need to sleep.
going to lunch with a random czech man to help him practice his english.
Matt's mom sent me a box of those really expensive teeth whitening strips, which is one of those gifts that makes me say.."Thanks?"
Rewards names tho - but that's changing... RT : The market doesn't necessarily reward the best educational experiences. #eisu…
are you still on ? If so what is your store name ?
hello there! how's your leap day? :)
Let's keep the internet open. Support the
Feelinh lame moment,when nobody gets your joke
Taking off for Atlanta! Can't wait to be back in my favorite part of the country, DC tonight
Guess I finally figured out how to work this Instagram thing. still in hospital, still hoping for the best.
Joey Diamonds Official Sites are.
Aldridge out for the season, will undergo hip surgery. Plans to be back for training camp but does it jeopardize his Olympic shot?
just sent you an email! So sorry for the delay!
Giants continue making power moves right up until the 2012 NFL Draft. They are looking good and the NFC East should be afraid!
This Good Friday is turning out to be great for me =D
No matter how badass you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
Thank you for the RT :-) Cool, right?
hey ! happy birthday!
Your asking me to leave...It's my house
Not sure who I feel worse for, my twitter followers or my pinterest followers.
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 1644-1658 reformatted and corrected. I am talking with an ebook publisher.
for x factor or glee project?
www.supertova.com Thank you to everyone in the millitary!!
... To be followed by a screening of their film about a nomadic Tibetan family, Summer Pasture @ 7:00pm.
I'm checking out Pre-Paid Legal. Does anyone know anything about them or how their services? Please let me know if you do.
now watching with
enjoying your presentation at
Ian from ian and the dream just sang at my karaoke show at vintage!
My nightmare on elmstreet collection is finally complete
Hey use your super powers to sell books on Twitter. :-)
Happy Birthday! (Swype offered grout or hippy. Unacceptable birthday wishes.)
All human beings are born speaking the same language and die speaking the same language.
Can you hold more then one disguise in #prototype2?
Really...tell us to enjoy our lives without caleb....enjoy your life with caleb...you dont know how to take care of him you twat.
Only 1 more day to join us in the #paleo #zone #diet challenge! You don't want to miss this. Call us tomorrow 2 sign up!
I just get a text from my boy saying come meet me at the bunny house lmao
Some people need to
Opening Day details should be released soon... Probably Tuesday....
hope u stay forever and ever .. :) keep making us happy .. Kau ang inspiration nmn mga lovebirds hehehhe mwah!mwah!
not their fault the Rangers take forever trying to finsih the deal =(
I'll look forward to it
story of my life.
Michael phelps is the man
is in 4 the Knicks!! Big Blue Nation all over the NBA!!
Speaking of #c4l12 and awesome, I believe the only thing truly missing from this conference is some
Everything I've tweeted the past few days is either from a movie or music. Hmm... I need a day away from everything.
Not gonna lie. Classic rock blows pretty hardcore.
So cool you are already there. I leave early in the morning for #ASTD2012 in #Denver & hope to network with folks from
It's going to be a cold night in New York
Tryin to get fucked up and parents ruin it #Graduated life soon:)
#uwm apparently a light pole fell over... On someone near BOL?
Either a song from one of them, if you like or dig their music!
Neither are my children. They disobeyed me and ate after midnight.. Oh no... I think they are hatching!!
I wonder if Jeff Lurie will ever figure out that the problem is Andy Reid, not player personnel?
"Community colleges are community assets. They understand the needs of local employers." - U.S. Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis
Did anyone get rained on this morning? We had some tropical-esque showers near the Encinitas retreat.
damn it! U win! See u next month bro! Let the party begin!
yay! yes, let's do that :D have a great weekend! love you <3
Thank you Lord for paying the ULTIMATE SACRIFICE 4 us, broken, imperfect people as we r! Your LOVE is immeasurable! I am forever thankful!
What was it?
That's a crappy way to spend part of the day - it goes w/the territory. Mountains win sometime. TLC is good medicine.
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get your are to sleep.
Time Warner cable has by far the most useless customer service ever. 4 phone calls and a failed online attempt with no help in sight.
"A WET PUSSY AND A DRY PURSE NEVER MADE ANY SENSE TO ME!"- My Grandma Mandy !
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past. Feeling the Irish spirit today.
Writing thank you cards my hand hurts so much more to write someone should distract me and tweet me haha
“: How long before somebody in the Reds ownership group is arrested for money laundering? #bigcontractssmallcrowds”
Happening Now! RT : LIVE view on NASA TV & http:///www.nasa.gov/ntv of Soyuz landing and touchdown at 10:26pmET!
I am having issues as well with the search!
It's National Peanut Butter & Jelly Day! It's peanut buttuh Jelly time! It's peanut buttuh jelly time! #singit!
What does chez mean
don't go getting pissed at me cuz I'm busy doing my stuff and can't help you with yours.
*they aren't too dressy
Why does it always rain on the weekends?
Email us -> so we may exchange info!
I support you, Mr. President!
What the hell i can't sleep!!!!!
Cornrows - $30+...Quick Weave - $50 Get at me for the lovely looks done by the Diva herself. 214-636-1762 "TEXT FOR APPOINTMENT"
Haha i feel like a giant eating a tree when i eat my broccoli....
Somebody turn the sliders up for the Lakers
“: “: u may wanna clarify that u have no child & that u would like to bring ur nephew lol” 😒 shutup”LOL
Thoughts on Cave of Forgotten Dreams: You can't just say something is about "beauty and death" and expect people to believe you.
For the next three days, no classes.
Congratulations darlin'! =) Have a happy and safe New Years
Hi(: please clean my screan. Your thumbs are all over me:-)
I just wanna go home and go to sleep and shower and write my 5 essays.
Honestly if it weren't for all the hype, I'd be running out to get pastries and the newspaper.
Enjoyed yesterday's great crowd at the info session for prospective MBA students. Still time to apply for spring, start classes in January!
Chinese food :)
haha before or after you brought me a water into the bathroom? Which incidentally ended up in my front yard 😔
I know! I can't believe they passed it!
I officially feel TERRIBLE. J has given me his sort throat, swollen glands, stuffy nose, head-achey, feverish funk.
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
I need to build a new terrarium or paludarium or any type of tank again. bad. I miss having greenery around home!
Trying to look intimidating in my new avi as to scare away spam bots.
Watching CSI: Crime Scene Investigation with Viggle Mon | 3PM | Spike Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The hunger b
Kinda wish I was paintballing in the morning haven't been since last October
I know a blue eyed angel. You should beware of her.. She stole my heart right in front of my very eyes ¦)
I have decided that it is people that make life interesting. It'd be very dull without them.
Why a 3D model rather than video? Can accommodate tangents in teaching, branch and return flexibly
that would be carving KNIVES although carving KNOVES could be equally dangerous if left in the wrong hand
Noted relationship expert will be on my show this Wednesday 9-11(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
of course! Mason's like a brother to me.
*I* just found it randomly in a google search, and it made my day!! It's on my FB and I've tweeted it here too! I LOVE IT!!
Never mind the ACTUAL assaults occurring IN #OccupyOakland…
Great #Rembrandt exhibit, yes, but let's not forget the Gala Opening Party Fri June 22nd! Last year's theme was "Bella Naughty"
is he as cranky as his online persona?
C'mon Kobe
definitely! Dont know how some people do it! Btw, just RT you again by accident! Sorry :)
One learns people through the heart, not the eyes or the intellect. -Mark Twain
Right back at ya --> " Good mtg with today! I love working with cool peeps"
absolutely beautiful :)))
that was a past event and I was not witness to any of it! I was on the calm bus!
About to wash the whip and grab some grub!
Kids come w their stacks of books labeled w names on them. That makes it faster to sign.
dont get smart that's why you need some more followers lol
too white you wouldn't understand my nigg.
SOL until after third cup of coffee, vision requests after 3rd meeting of the day will be denied due to decision fatigue...
just read that one online, really wanna get down there and take some photos before its all gone.
I swear if I ever met Justin bieber I would literally jump on him & start 2 makeout with him lol justkidding but I would hug him
Having a bad day. :( if only tweeted me.
children shouldn't drink or smoke to make the pain t go away . TRUST your friends and they will help you get though it <3
that makes me want to have breakfast again!
dress and heels I could do, I have killed legs. Makeup is a no go
That's why you should never get out of bed earlier than your normal time!
welcome to Twitter my dude
I heard a rumor.. is it true Ryan and krissie are expecting again?
Hope we are still on for coffee soon!
right. Noted. thx.
At school i never go on twitter
pshaw! I appreciate anything anyone can contribute!
Thanks for the follow :D
#10FactsAboutMe I love to sleep
ICE CREAM SOCIAL!!!
#Maxum deadbolt offers unmatched protection against bumping attacks, picking, drilling, wrenching, kicking, or other physical abuse
kind of robotic and has become part of the modern pop "sound." One day it will sound "dated" like any overused element in pop.
Home from my 1st nite of Bikram Yoga. If what is most difficult to achieve stays with me the longest, this practice will be with me forever.
...cool bones - almost expected to see a skateboard under its feet...
writing rough drafts for yearbook posts
Giving this a try...maybe i need to read the directions first. Twitter, can you hear me now?
I am the next biggest thing watch as i create music like you never knew it. Follow me at my twitter and see what happens as I make it.
miss u babycakes
Is it dinner time yet?!
Tickets now available at rocderby.com for Global Harming, July 10th doubleheader!
what made you want implants if you were already a perky C? Just curious, luv u!
“: Looks like he's been crippled in a freak car accident...”
almost at 2500!
Thursday a.m.: grading. Thursday p.m.: dentist.
Lakers/Nuggets tonight; has all the makings for a classic. I'm pumped.
Excited to try some bites from #ElCentro #Teranga #Stella at #TOSE12 tonight!
All of the recent news aside... RIP Joe Paterno. Thank you for all that you have done for the sport of Football.
and got spun out like a mofo
Kelly clarkson got some lungs on her. Almost put me in tears.
Distract me from reality, kind soul.
Trying to catch up on MobWives and I keep falling asleep. This season is LAME
if life throws lemons at you.... They better be pink:) justsaying night
Hello & WELCOME! :) RT up early for rutgers orientation. idk why I'm nervous. however, I will despise the commute. wish me luck!
“I will stay in jail to the end of my days before I make a butchery of my conscience.” ― John Bunyan
sounds like some late night porno on cable " yu just turned in with mmh goes both ways jessie, caller ur on the air." Lmfao
Photoshop CS3 was released as a public beta, if I recall correctly.
Wow! We love that you <3 Naz so much ... best of luck to you!
I Love you Austie ♥ Hope you had a great Monday :)
thx miss C .... You rock
if someone got shot down the road you should re enact it on
TY! That will be a perfect summer activity. Depending on his schedule most days/times should work for me :)
yeh too bad so sad lol
I can't wait!
not at all.
Simon Cowell wants A LIST MUSIC STARS as Judges, not Chaka Kahn, Wynonna Judd, who Z LIST MUSIC STARS.
One day I truly will be able to sleep in just not today...Eveyone have a wonderfully blessed time in this day that the Lord has made.
Just got #instagram. Follow me: lovecourtneyoxo
Just started researching this! > I'm excited and terrified to hear what you find out.
Holy hell what a great day today, landed an internship, got federal work study, and graduate in December. Taking on the world! :)
I had a great time performing and STRUTing my stuff in the 512! Thanks to MKV Productions for having me. It was a blast!!!
was great meeting you both at ECGC :) Been pushin' Bust-A-Marble to a ton of ppl since then :D my gf is playing it right now.
oh my god i had no idea! we're even more meant for each other than i thought
The Balloon Museum hosts Balloon Explorium every day during Balloon Fiesta. Bring the kids by to enjoy some balloon fun!
#RiseNGrind Blessed to See Another Day! God is Good.
Kay i think i might be in danger of throwing up
(This urban renewal digression brought to you thanks to )
Another day...another local murder suicide..at least kids weren't involved.. glass half full kind of day I guess.
I was actually pretty good!(: ill be home in like 20.
Welcome to Twitter! Would love if you came to our favorite Old Style Bar and had a beer with us... Go Cubs!
Do you have a dream? Stand up and go after it, I mean NOW!!!!!!
ME. It's so good to hear your voice!
Yep: we WILL be having our corporate webinar-conference tonight. Usual time: 10 pm EST at www.lywlive.com. Christopher / 602.573.4157
first dance class starts at 12:30.. last one for the MYACT dance elite team starts at 3:30! gonna be a long day..
awh thank you =) you have a nice day too
#LIKE RTG on Facebook for news, contests and of course insider announcements about on September 15....
watching Dexter on Boxee
I got u
Lol awww that's nice he knows you & Montell are my friends you good:-)
Thanks so much for the follow!
Great picture, Michael! How is your day shaping up?
*looks around in kitchen* are they all gone? *looks out window to check yard*
Back to work💰💰
To upgrade to an iPhone or another BB? I cannot decide!
followed:) follow meback?
seen in #CartergateNewark: child on parent's lap, front seat of car, no seatbelts for anybody; plus it's pedestrianised area.
#5bestsmells Lilacs, freshly mown grass, leather jackets, French toast, cologne (on the right man).
Profile pictures giving the middle-fingers...
Aww :D really that's so nice of you.
Ascap/ party!! Bringin home 18 awards...black keys playing tonight...shhh that's a secret
preach about that vitaminwater
I'd like to ask for prayers from my followers. We just found out my son has a large hole in his heart and needs an operation next year.
I love you baby more than anything u make my family complete!!!!
I wanna watch safehouseeee
No David Garrard? what is the world coming to? Why? We, here at the shop, think that this was a bad move.
it's crazy how friends can become strangers
RT - Go D-backs! have a powwow with those Indians, and sock it to 'em! (Cleveland Indians that is!)
Thanks to all who attended today's concert despite chilly, pouring rain! We loved singing for you all & meeting you at the party afterward!
yo quit stealing my tweets
Romney: "Americans are tired of being tired." Miller: "Who writes this poop?"
RT : Do a search on #whirlwind & check out the tweets.Tweet the same thing yourself & you may win a $50 gift card.
thanks for the follow :)
....I'm eating pizza
Better. RT : If you don't generate PROFIT, you don't have a business either :-)
Wow today was overwhelming for me ...i really need to take care of my self if i want to be around 4 mylitlegirifeeldoasiambeingdrainbyothers
"Gtr Aerobics and the Poetry of Technique" my method book must get written! aiming for universal theory =tech. + theory+ ear train.
There u go loll!!
luck w the Green Thumbing
Call her the titanic, the way she goin down
Physically, or professionally? I suppose the answer to either is yes. ;)
Bruno's sisters/ Ryan accept on fb? That would be so awesome :D
Excited to be the volunteer on 's #Anacostia Riverwalk #BTDC tour this afternoon!
Eating Tuna on toast and watching Bill & Ted's. Yea, it's a great day.
haha. that would be MY parents.
": I am. RT Who else is a #SaturdayLibrarian tomorrow?"me too # :) no rush hour!
Yes! We will have to discuss it....hope you're having a great day.
me and the kid i reaaalllly like are going to date, and he said we would be cute. i almost cried.
sometimes it's the only choice
We only count one entry per person (one additional entry if you provide cell #). Thanks.
According to saint index, casino developers and large retail developers among most hated community projects
Can't wait for the future of :) so proud of him<21
Kinda down.lot of good things happening, but my personal life is in the crapper. Headed to gym today to workout. Maybe that will help.
Its a mighty strange thing to organize the who is who in Econ, finance and business titans to? To do what? Silly Bilderberg Goose.
straightening my hair then watching #RAW :)
i got dibs recording a guitar part ;)
Did you know...you can win Doc Chey's / Osteria gift cards at 's Monday Night Trivia? 8pm tonight!
Mayor Gray: “Make no mistake: there is far more that brings us together than there is that drives us apart.”
only the best band EVER!
WAS WRONG? D:
Up on this late night thinking bout shit...hungry too so subway it is!
Exciting partnerships happening with Opus Beauty, In 2une Music, and All Celebrity Travel! Stay tuned!
In mediation this morning. I think we are finally getting somewhere: one has admitted she thinks the other is a "meanie head."
Oh. Now it stopped. Hmph.
bouta go to sleep den wake up at 5 in the mornin. good night twitter.
In case people want to change, they will. In case they don't wish to, it is hard to make them do so.
"Emotions will destroy you if you let them make decisions for you."
Windsor is clean and locked up. Keys at Olivia St. Just inside kitchen door.
We've got two tix to give away for tomorrow's WI #Beer Lovers Festival in ! Pick up onsite..tweet us why you should win!
Tonight's Drink Special: Boozey Hot Apple Cider $6
It b crazy how u could say shit on the net...and 10 different people n 10 situations take it like u was talkin to them...I guess so then
The useless things we do with money...shame.
I love when I see Britney trending on twitter..yup it's a good day!:)
hahahaha yea bitch!
when are you guys going to support at&t locked iphone?
Andrew Luck just needs to walk on stage before Goodell, and say "I'm the No. 1 overall pick, GET ME PAID BITCH"
You got it! LMAO
Thanks for the yums and the laughs at Leon's and
The PA mic will be silent for tonight's game in honor of Carl Beane, who passed Wednesday.
Chatting with audiology students online
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit
Skipping lunch is never a good idea! We have delicious & nutritious lunch choices! Try our Tuna Melt-Down Gourmet Panini!
DC: Early voting starts today. Cast your vote for the candidate of your choice; VINCE GRAY! KWAME BROWN! 441 G ST NW, DC 8AM-7PM....
Why is it that on Facebook all people do is TBH or Truth Is. Or Post a picture of someone with a disease. I mean its sorry but. Idc
How we are thinking about our game will determine the out come. So my question to you is how are you thinking about your game
Heck naw. lol. But Im headed to the library though in about an hour to start something. You been able to get stuff done this week?
": If you had no limits of time and money, what would you do/create?"
hahah twitter trashing love it
And....it's official. Going HOME to Boston for Memorial Day Weekend. Friends, beach, BBQ, liquor....this is gonna be epic.
The skill it takes to produce a sentence...is also the skill of creating a world. -Stanley Fish
Just made some cooling lemonade with fresh lemons and stevia. Sweet, really healthy, high in vitamin C and perfect for this hot weather.
Yup. but the choir is tight tho. Lol
Thanks Elizabeth!
Sittin on a backporch in Brooklyn. Whisky is good... and bad, right??
Pete, you should write this! There's plenty of fodder.
The first SATC movie was so good. I wish they never made the second one.
Mines next week....
RT But know what? The people make ANY place. Houston has really good peeps that make mosquitoes & heat worthwhile #HIWI [WORD]
Wayne County Sheriff's searching Sodus Bay for George H Heinz I, 21, missing since Monday
This is shit. Get it moving blues this is QPR my god.
Producers & advertisers will try to make you think you really need their product, infact you don't.
#NewRulesofCivility 81. Wash your hands before eating, and do not rest your elbows on the table.
getting a good chuckle out of those who still see Twitter as useless and self-indulgent. such a powerful tool if you want it to be!
I had to go home 1st & then I made the mistake of lying down. Are you guys doing something after?
- "self-help" books < SELF-HELP by Lorrie Moore.
Hostess at mermaid inn seated three walk-in doubles before me then said I'd have to wait for a table. Fu mermaid. Lost me as a customer
yesterday was alright i guess
love the new icons
Love your life and life will love you back♥.
very excited to be a judge tonight! RT : Tonight 8pm #collegekidsgonefunny finals w/
Hats off to for his MC, moderator, people herding, & piano-playing skills at #get2012 !!
Thanks to #thesimpsons for the not-so-subtle reference to #wargames by having Protovision exhibit at the electronics expo in 2nt's episode
Good luck
sounds good :)
Just as seeing the never gets old, opening a new book & reading fills me with pride.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder
My major prof honored➤RT Congrats recognized by All America Football Foundation for FAR work. Gotta see the tux!
#bulls game vs. #nuggets should be great tonight
>>>> this some Bass Music Club Shake Your Ass Shit!!!
LOVE the new twit pic! Think about Superbowl Vegas beauty! Xo! ;)
"I imagine a world in which __________."
Doing some HDR timelapse tests. We'll see how they come out.
Fabric of society RT Fabric of time, heart on sleeve - what are other metaphors that involve lives and textiles?
I can make that happen. I have a few bottles left.
I hear you! Good luck and keep kicking a$$.
Eating home made ice cream(: beating up haha
he's not hahah
It is with great sadness that I accept your preemptive resignation. You were a worthy opponent.
he got hacked
CD Release show @ Rex Theater, Pittsburgh PA on July 2nd! Be there! ITs gonna be the best show yet!
OKAY THAT'S AWESOME. I'LL SEE YOU IN SCHOOL. BYE ZAYN!
Mediation Prep Seminar thru #PBCJA was outstanding. Thanks to Vince Leonard of and others for their time and expertise.
Fire ineffective teachers and support the great ones. Why in education do we expect the best, but accept mediocrity?
Definitely! :D
One month til I see Shawn! 💃👍❤
text me!!
I am comtemplating staying up all night and then coming home and sleeping when I get off work. Because I really cant sleep.
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL....HAVE A GREAT ONE!!!
i went a lil left and forgot to mention the unachievable goals of people..
Foto shoot for major NY magazine. I am lucky girl!
so long my friend. Til next year of course😊
Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?
The Black Pine - Let Go
But I'm thirsty !
if #buffalo had an #NBA team would you follow them, and the NBA? I think I would
RT : Paul Glen and Maria McManus were excellent presenters. Great way to end the conference!
Woke up with pain in every part of my body.. At least it's Friday, TGIF!
Checkout the Shin Do Kumate & Muay Thai event for Feb 27th at www.shindokumate.com
Ain't - no - lie. Baby, bye-bye-bye. RT " darrin's dance grooves"
exactly. I just don't get it
And/or a SS teacher's memoir! RT : "The DBQ of Life"--sounds like a good end of the year project-kid created!
Thanks for the RT
Exactly. But it'd be irresponsible to put him back in
we plan to be at this year ! Everyone go follow them, and show love !
Aww why's that?
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Your blog is the best I've read in a great while, sir! Just absolutely wonderful...
Walked into work this morning and was greeted by 1) the most adorable dog ever, and 2) a brand new, beautiful work computer
Listening to in the car. 😜
Thanks! RT btw: great bio, Carolyn: "I am not a maven, an expert, or a guru. "
wait...did I just read what I think I read?!
You won't find serenity as you spin around on this planet, without forgiveness in ur heart. (That doesn't mean u shouldn't defend yourself).
excellent talk by Gorno-Tempini on PPA @ UCLA. PPAs are helping us understand lang networks in ways that are different from CVAs
How are your studies going?
everybody's lookin 4 the ladder
inever got to write on it
that would be awesome!
#HowAboutWe get this fire going.
Long day at a press check but excited to see this come to fruition!
Do the John Wall - Troop 41!
plz follow me and send me ur email. I'd love to connect!
wheres ur track for the 's video contest
Rush Hour 2 
The Group Travel Leader is doing a State Spotlight on #Iowa in our April issue!
ha I'll keep my head up then and try to take it easy on the
She never shuts the fuck up! I swear, just let me do me you do you. You say you don't care bout me well show it. stop worrying bout me.
Try it! Thats where its at. Everybody can't pull it off though gotta have that era
My time to crash,it was fun,hope we can do it again...I'm going to dream tonight.....LOL
#Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Sweet YA quest tale, maybe not as extraordinary as the reviews
Going to listen to Sky Blue Sky presented by the wonderful for the second night in a row. Great sleep album.
how are you today?(:
when i was young/foolish, i probably visited 100k, maybe. but never even close on aero bars. i like downhills but not that much.
Before everyone passes out or get's drunk, I wanted to say thanks to all of you guys who follow me, this year was a lot of fun with you guys
Holy crap austin looks so different now.
Check out Diversepopgroup Video Single For Sure and vote for it!
Re: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY- driving to Annapolis w a buddy, if anyone else wants to car pool w/us to see this history changing moment, txt me.
nice. thx man! i think im gonna buy A #SWIVL. Thanks man!
I bet all the money that I will ever make that Ice and Coco will break up .
How you gon' #win when you ain't right within?
And that is the beauty of a good trade: I think I have it best. :)
Dark lord day tickets on stubhub for $250. What a huge bummer.
You can't talk basketball until you commit to a team
hahaha sorry we are weak when it comes to follow backs! see you on friday at the masq w/ cartel?
Hello to all the new followers!! Help us spread the word about our new twitter, FB, and 4Square pages!
I think we should vote for the most negative person to do one for
": Taking my shorty on a date.">Now thats a Good Mommy... We need more #Motherslikeyou :-)
#2BeHonest I'm in love with a boy in my class....
We did everything backwards, you and I.
good afternoon ma
I'm such a bone head!
can. Misread.. freakin wiki answers. "top answer" my ahh
Cabin in the Woods... #this late
The blonde ballroom with the infectious smile can DANCE! Mamma mia that was good. Woot!
I just irked & sad
Politics thrives on conflict, where there must be winners and losers. Pro-love is politically incorrect.
Awww it's ok! That's so weird! I'll see you all next weekend for sure :)
all he does is fill in and yell how smart he is and how dumb we are. That makes for some great radio
Not a very insightful reply.
LaHair is also hitting HRs on 36.8 % of his flyballs in play this year, which I think is pretty good if I'm doing this right...
everyone please pray for Kyra's family. no parents should have to bury their child, especially this young.
How did I just find out that was in the #Avengers movie?
Ive never been this hungry before
they weren't allowed to before? i'm surprised a married couple would be on a deployment together. didn't know that happened
Seriously? Airships in the next Three Musketeer movie? Hollywood, check your fan base before you do something stupid.
Steve Schmidt talking Schmidt about how bush will be viewed as a positive for
lol aye i feel u on that one
Samsung unveils the Galaxy S I
The speed we get with is amazing. Never going back to DSL or whatever ATT has.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Great Person's Ball Sunday.
DoDo you ever think about where u'll b n a year Who u'll be talkin to and what and who you'll be doing? #shitscrazy #justsaying»
Good to meet you! Thanks for the follow, hope youore having a great weekend!
I wish I had the power to ignore you the way you ignore me, the problem is i think about you too much.
Obesity on the rise… come run one of our 5 events - a distance for everyone!
And she's so much luckier to be named Azauria... *snicker*
What is the bbq, song?
Why is it that "to do" lists grow exponentially, like bacteria? I have yet to meet a "to do" list that didn't double itself within 2 hours.
Just landed back in vegas. Thank God for all you do n have done!
Be official. If you're open anyway, why not. It's so easy. At my lib, we had 2 people come every week.
My friend is new to twitter...please follow him lets show him some twitter love
Been a Packer Fan ALL my life, will save a spot just for you just in case !!!
Kyle who? RT : I was trying to root Kyle out of hiding.
let me know where your ready
I drink perrier
MT : Want to help others? big radiothon! Call 1-877-719-KIDS (5437). All money goes to help sick kids.
Now giving you BELLY REWARDS for pampering yourself!
ReadAloud at Thompson Library today, 3-4pm, room 202. Trifles from Tin Pan Alley. Sean Ferguson reads lyrics by Ira Gershwin, Cole Porter
I have a bad addiction to pizza
"There's a simple formula for success: refuse to accept failure." Damn... why didn't I think of that? So simple. So easy.
Please feel free to add any names from my list - we're in Brooklyn also, Brooklyn Heights, feel free to stop by!
I LOVE this story it's so adorable!!:) Can't wait for the next chapter!!:)
thanks for the RT! you rock!
"City Hall has decided that poverty must be punished with hunger." Burk
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.”
You know and everybody will be like... Why.. why you so different like why yo shit so different.. hah.. and I'm like why not.. "nigga".
Juggernaut will wave on a hoe with no doe in the club/shit u shouldn't be in the club if u ain't got a DUB
U don't like beating up on . He should be tossed out of the WH on his A$$ for turning USA into Nanny State. SAD 4 U!
We wish all #veterans a #HappyVeteransDay. Thank you for serving our country!
Talking to Courtney. Gosh i love this chick!:D
I was just waching some youtube vids of justine and jasmine omg!!!! Weres that old with his perfect hair and big heart!
Tried to go from the pool to the buffet and the Wynn security told me I gotta put my pants back on.
I have rounded up 6 cords and counting of free firewood from neighbors and trees on side of or blocking roads.
In in Chicago on the way to NYC - I've got a 3 hr layover and it looks like my next flight is delayed, what're you Chicagoans up to?
spring has the best weather
#MIS7557 Mashup #1 I would like: reply to my tweet with a relevant question answered on LinkedIn
Thank you to and hageman and Gail DeGagne for their support of Muffler Men!!!
can we get a reciever please?
Tryn to smoke a blizzzy drink 4-5 brews at the dockside and watch the #Celtics close it out
So..this is it?
how would beans feel about that
1:30 AM Spending time emailing with my young model friend from up north....I really need more guy friends...someday...lol...lol...
It's a waterproof/drop proof case for iPhones..... Hope this helps! have a great night!
yep, its there
looking forward to Il Barbiere di Siviglia tonight ! Good to be in NY....
What is going on Twitter today with the trending topics - did 4chan storm the site or what? PS: So sad about Steph Curry's ankle.
"Brenda, I love that you think" -Dylan McKay
What about Thursday night?
. Hey Scotty . You coming back to Mass again anytime soon ? I saw you at that Top Rope show . Great match !!
Really going to miss Easter...especially since that means no more creme eggs until 2013...😱
Thinking that I could use more fresh flowers around the house
"It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement."
This Thursday, AMST and GIGH present “Why the US Moved to the Right in the 1970s: A Conversation with Rick Perlstein” @ 2pm in ICC 662
At the #140Cuse Conference!
You guys are so creative! :)
Babe is not here yet but I'm killing this Ben & Jerry's!!
"You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down."— Ray Bradbury: American author - great quote 4 today esp.
thank you!
nope. I mite
Good morning loves!!!!!!
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it. Buddha
Thanks for the kind words!
honestly San Andreas was my favorite I beat that ish so many times now my game freezes haha
Yeah, me too! He's doing a great job under the rim this year! My favorite is Dion Waiters.
Only 1 booking left Oct 15th. Mark your Calendars 4 this Event Passion Parties by Treco @ Sweet Tooth Desert Bar- Atlanta, GA. Dec. 2, 2011
RT : These cookies better not give me the shits *made me actually lol*
I got new album yesterday. Been on repeat ever since!
Bill are you coming to the game at Kiski School today? 3 pm tip.
Now playing: Back to This by The Helio Sequence
Amen. RT : I hate couple facebooks!
Wow can't believe Phoenix is on the brink of eliminating Nashville! Really don't want to see the NHL owned Coyotes go any farther...
I swear Pacer fans getting unfollowed tonight... Oh wait I don't know any Pacer fans
Never been to Durham have you?
What else is new? RT : still stinky at tooting - northern misery not stopping
<3 no problem
yeah! It's dumb. They all have their little groups and then I'm just like well...
Have you seen our other party rental company? www.kidzonepartyrentals.com
New promotions coming soon!
yes, he be snapping
Steak tartare at the Ringside Fish House, blood orange margarita at Oba two great things in this city.
RT : . takes a break from the set to promote We snapped this behind-the-scenes shot:...
LOL. I'm guessing there's money to be made.
all the teaching us history news that s fit to tweet. Right here
Come on #networkTV, grow some balls! Use the B word or don't use the B word, just stop using B! It's not the same as Bitch!
Please be at the line at the NE corner of LSP by 4:00 to pick up your tickets. Bring ID. Get a member card in line if you lack 1
Trying to figure out how to eat snap pees is the equivalent of trying to figure out how to turn rocks into mashed potatos.... Ridiculous!
#YouKnowTheresAProblem When your dorm room bed feels like heaven.
Don't miss talking with the guys over at Primetime tonight at 5:30pm PT.
You bet! Enjoy the show. They will be at will call, but you know the drill.
nothing wrong with chocolate for lunch, or dinner or snack...
Every weekend I look forward to reading 's Sunday notes column. One of the best out there.
Okay let me know when your in town.
I find the S3 soundtrack is perfect for when you're in the mood to drop your ship into the atmosphere and jump out.
my Friday is tomorrow too!!! 
By definition a bubble leads to malinvestment, so if we're in one, it does matter.
Follow myjob!! An amazing accessory boutique! You will find nothing like it! :)
Things are going GOOD !
If #Love (God) speaks something 2 u, then it IS what it IS..... Your only obligation is 2 keep ur #faith. Don't make it any harder 4 urself
Lol my mom likes to make my dog mad
Lenovo Continues to Speed Up PC Boot, Start Times with Enhanced Experience 3 - MarketWatch (press release)
“: Kanye West actually seems like a nice guy.” hey now...
Quote of the day by Horizon’s Jeffrey Michael, “We’re a sue first, ask questions later kind of an organization”. Huh?
Morning Dave! What are you and Austin up to today?? :)
If you're not willing to pay the price for your goals and dreams, then you will pay the price for mediocrity
OH @ work, "I'm lactose intolerant & getting on a red-eye flight so I'll be asleep & that STILL didn't stop me from having ice cream cake!"
Incredible effort by everyone today in the eating contest and had to go into a three person 2 min overtime! Jack squeezed out a win by 2 pcs
how lovely, Rachel. I'm totally honoured to be on your list with such great women - including my hero, SdB!
Cheers to cast at Bohemian Beer Garden! Come join us.
I will do that, movie do the books justice? Thanks, tragedy and I just pray he makes it through okay. How's your week?
What are you doing today as a result of #EdCampColumbus? What was your Monday takeaway?
RT : I may go eyeliner 4 my nxt management mtg. Eyeliner could B the power tie of ths decade. Or the next pink slip.
And thank you for hosting the forum today for the #ArtPlace Vibrancy Indicators. Loved the exchange. Staff notes already exhanged.
Intrigued by basketball movie, that's a film I've got to figure out how to get an audition for lol.
St. Patrick's day, we try & be Irish for the day by drinking, what do they do in Ireland this day? Go to Church... shouldn't we follow suit!
"Want to go out?" "I have a boyfriend" "I have a math test tomorrow" "And?" "Oh, I thought we were naming things we could cheat on."
time to look there then! lol
silver Duncans Spurs are in town.. Go Spurs go
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it was meant to be. If it does not, hunt it down & kill it....
MOM ALWAYS SAID if you don't want to wake up alive in your grave regretting and crying don't sleep with anybody's husband or wife.
Sounds like it's based on the BBC show - in which a real life millionaire surprises people in need?
It's 1020 and I need a drink. #signsits timetorethinkmyjob
Everyone made me laugh today. Great day!
Moebius has passed away. His work was a big influence on me as a young wanna-be artist.
TY and the same to you! Trying to get down !
You know, good freaking out. :)
#ImSexyAndIKnowIt cuz your girl told me
thanks for checking it out!!!
thank you for the tweet! It was a great lecture!
Good night! Gunna b up in like 5 hours for a full day of studying! !!
Due to HIPPA laws, shouldn't rescue vehicles remove lights, sirens and reflective tape, so neighbors aren't privy to your medical emergency?
your not by yourself
Beautiful Sister, do you see yourself the way God sees you?
#IDidntTextYouBack because you're asking fifty questions that has NOTHING to do with me, you, or what we're talking about.
RT Had an amazing workout! 😰😃 >> 4 words that go together so well!! yeah 4 KIM
Decisions made out of fear can make a bad situation deadly. Don't argue or fight w the police. Let ur lawyer point it out later!
“Life is the dancer and you are the dance.” ― Eckhart Tolle
i'm tweeting from the orthodontist chair ;)
got home. let's text?
We are asking all suppoters to wear a plain white T-shirt.
REMINDER, Today only!!20% OFF your purchase of: meat, grocery, produce and pastries...come in and shop at one of our 3 locations
you got some rum in that coke
Who's idea was it to give 100 youth campers PorkNBeans for dinner?
that's hilarious!
Love it up there. My parents live on the NY side of Lake Champlain. Enjoy
shut up. I win
I am so proud and happy for and you guys chase your dreams. Your going to be big one day Inshallah♥
um, Yuck...im a vegetarian now
bfhebghegbevfalqbvfbtgwibvwubtwpmbnbgwjibgnkwenfdsnfbfndsnbfdkbgk i love u so much that im baffled <3
If I can't afford I buy used or borrow from library
Thanks. Hope you were able to enjoy the sun!
Get on Badgercare and get it treated RT : Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
Wow...you have many cats. So happy! At least you know where it is, but i don't know. -_-
In my pjs. Waiting for Nyla to get out of school so I can finish my hair.
I've lost five pounds.
Why does Canada keep all the Coffee Crisps for themselves? DAMN YOU, NORTHERN ARCTIC BRETHREN!
Chris Kreider penalty.
you have had helped tremendously in the lives of teens!Thank u 4 ur dedication! Check out www.thecn.con & c if it can help!
Interesting news! MT : uploads at #FTDNA in next 4-6 weeks for ~$50 (via Bennett Greenspan)
I got something for you I found! You are going to trip out when I get it to you!
It's game time! Go VCU! :)
I'm a paralegal. Don't you work at Target? You hate your job don't you? Yeah that's what I thought. What are you doin with your life?-My Mom
you better!
Soccer - tickets for US Men's Soccer games in Florida go on sale March 1 !!
I love how everyone in 's house runs and hides when there's a knock at the door.
Wanted like Minded Folks that Wants More for yourself,And family! :-)
That awkward moment when you think someone was waving at you, so you wave back, then play it off like you were just scratchng your head.
Ahahah i hope prays for mahomies in North Carolina because there is one coming my way :(
Goodbye G-Rap. Love your style, love your smile.
Jump then Fall
follow me back? :)
happy birthday!
Hi Genevieve :) Thanks for finding me and for the follow :)
amazing job on the show #OutlawEmpires!! Can't wait for #SOA to start again!!
Oh yeah...SUMMER JAM IS BACK! JULY/21/CONSOL ENERGY CENTER! HMU FOR DETAILS!!!
well if we're bringing parents into this then I just know your mom would love to know of your 420 activities :P
MT : "This is My Jam": Brilliant idea, needs _way_ more music choices. Took me seven tries. Mind you, Mingus = always good.
success is what you put into your own future. Don't thank me yet, were almost there.......
Halftime here D B Milne Field.... 11. Fresno St 0!!!
alright sounds good
But when I get you to myself you know what's going down
ah C: its so cute;P
what about me asshole
Another update, "they are changing our motor. To give you a timeframe, well I can't do that". Thanks
Just made it into San Antonio! Speech for #GFOA at 8:30 a.m.
Wake and bake. :)
Sometimes you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care, but because they don't.
I go by the motto of "do one thing a day that scares you" - posting the blog with my progression pics and numbers scared the crap out of me
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SHIPWRECK" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Although this is a day of great celebration WI did lose 2 great Senators. Thank you Senators Kapanke & Hopper for standing up for my future!
this entire story is really incredible
It Worked! Thanks!(:
that and blue streak I love that movie
I'm wide awake.
Shep's taking your calls on the Lions draft. Lots of love for Ryan Broyles over the weekend. Thumbs up or Thumbs down? 248.848.1130.
": Wow then you look good probably than your age." Ty Ơ̴̴͡.̮Ơ̴̴̴͡
Thanks Zuzanna! Much appreciated!
Elise and Eddy will be the death of me!
She would be in the gym with me.
Before Wednesday is over, Welcome:
Just finished watching my favorite series of movies...Pirates of the Caribbean. You gotta love Jack Sparrow.
Congrats on then new job. You will have to visit us sometime. You can just stop on your way up to Pop!
The Jayhawks may have lost last night, but they had a better season than was predicted. What moment of this season was your favorite?
listening to dreamchaser 2 every track is the same song lol meek mill aint as good as you think until he puts that talent to use.
We need 70 more followers to get to 200!!(: and make sure you also follow .. They follow back!!:D
Autumn = awesome! Pumpkin Painting n' fresh-popped corn today. 4-8 pm in the Village.
May you taste the sweetest pleasures that fortune ere bestowed, and may all your friends remember all the favors you are owed. -Irish toast
Thank You Beth! You Rock!!
You can dm now man . I cant dm you my twitter is trippin
Why do conservative conferences always involve cruise to Caribbean? Sounds like Elder Hostel tour. Give me Buenos Aires or Fez.
Whaahoo! Great mood
Thanks Charter. Freaking biggest baseball series of the year and your HD digital feed in Wausau is crap.
If I never went on twitter Matt Kemp never would have hit that home run.
Not yet. Miami hols first! :-) Heather and Seth are organizing good-bye bash for me on the 20th I think. Will you be around?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I miss my ex boyfriend
slice of lemon, cover it in angostura burgers. Bite into it and leave for 10 seconds. Trust me, works every time.
Congrats. It was awesome to see one of my favorite shows win.
Idk what to do with myself
So is following me now... That's it. That's the joke. I'll do better next time.
girl what da hell u going thru?
finally **flips hair** sumone understands me **flips hair nd rolls eyes**
what happen to in philippines
thought you were just on the production side of things...
you want to come in and workout at jis tomorrow?
Hahaha be sneaky like a ninja!!!
You are as real as your hair extensions.
u stay doin that anyway
#PXYSJ: & far. Another superstar announcement with tomorrow!
Although ONCE UPON A TIME was never bad, I had sorta grown tired of the show. Now is the time to give it a second look before Fall.
remember when you used to tweet fans
Hey, your momma is a porpoise! ABC News talking about dolphin bullies.
Oh, shit! Proof that I'm an O.G. hipster.
Such awesome news :) This one will be in this history books.
“: Not putting a case on your iPhone #YOLO”
it was good! :)
I have a necklace of the face symbol it's so badass!
Time to march!
smh I'm saying tho they heard all of it too. dude workin pissed I bet he really thought he was whispering lol
glad your pic wasn't from inside that hole!
i don,t hate italy but i was not born there my mom and dad was born there
thanks for hanging with me.
What day are you moving?(:
merry christmas ♥ Night
GIRLS:If you think your the best,hottest,prettiest wel then i think your UGLY. What makes a girl beautiful? A beautiful heart
if you ever come to my job you would think its a all girls school they dont do nothing but bitch and fuss all day
LOVE! Happy Friday!
#jeandujardin killing it on the red carpet!
Feels like the Badgers really hit a new gear yesterday. Hope the Pack can do the same today!
Get out there and get moving!
May 22nd "SCR" Will Be Performing Live at Kennywood Park @ 1pm! So Come Down and Enjoy Great Rides & Good Music !
burger achieved at Off Site Kitchen, good luck with your burger journey :)
the things we do. It's just crazy. This is why we're bestfriends. (: Love you. <3
its fine. I feel so bad for her!!:((
I just saw it... very cool my friend. I like the 2 guitars! :o)
Was able to get Row L for Dream Theater after trying a different card. Black Clouds and Silver Linings today...
what about that one from Jekyll and Hyde?
At the end of the first half in Philly its Mammoth 10 - Wings 7.
THAT WAS A NASTY DUNK!
starring Ryan gosling?
when will you be back?!?
because, I love ME
First Day And Last On The Job As Ad Copy Writer: “New Irish Spring…Like A Swift Kick In The Balls.”
Future got them hooks 2chainz got them verses they should collab RT : Future or 2chainz? Who's better and why?
please pittsford close your schools...I don't wanna go to dance tonight
#JustRememberThat I would've waited for you, your little 16 year old floosy won't.
What did Soulja Boy really tell em?
Morning...I passed my portfolio I am gonna graduate
Wish I was there to enjoy the day with you, Doc! Hope you hit them well!
yes, dear, it is. I should finish around 5 your time
Maybe they were doing a practice run to make sure all Super Bowl planning activities go smoothly next week.
Im prolly the only one pullin for the Spurs lol.
It feels good outside.
wow jamelle they are REALLY coming out of the woodwork; so frustrating but also so revealing.
I enjoyed having at the Congressional Forum. Great down-to-earth guy! 2 bad he's a Dem LOL.
FDR's "S.O.B." was Anastasio Somoza García of Nicaragua who ruled from 1936 until his assassination in 1956.
Done. See, Twitter is bringing people together! :)
Ai shite imasu (Japanese) I love you
“: Hey have you ever noticed the word bed looks like a bed!?” first hunter will fuck your bitch. Then educate her.
Dear uk haters, we are super man and you are kryptonit. You try to bring us down but yall never succeed.
Stead of a murderer of lil' darlins, how 'bout maker of elegant word machines? Your job? Remove xtra parts, recycle if possible.
Cheryl Trujillo board member Zanbeelart interviews South Asian American Art Festival 2008, artist participant Siona Benjamin.
Finally back in America and on our way home. What a great trip to start off a summer full of vacations!
Yeah, you got it! Nice job!
"And you'd be happy as hell to get a record deal, maybe a soul you'd sell to have Mass Appeal" R.I.P.
You smile. I smile. 🎤
Scoring plays, big plays and final score.
true story!
Ah i love my bestfriend<3
My 2 simple sanity requests for the day: I need 20 minute to finish the book #borntorun and then I need 1 hr to go for a run.
you put the @ sign and then their username.
I remember it was the one from Ghostbusters. Guess I forgot the name of the song! Thought I had it. Underrated soundtrack.
It's an experience!
teh don't forget the sunblock!
I'm going to hate myself in about 6 hours...
Was there a shortage of artists tonight?
Imma have to ask that if u subtweet me @ me kmsl !!!!! I totally just caught rasheeda 's subtweet from like 9 hours ago 😂😂😂😂
I need a fucking gas mask Everytime I walk by that place
wooohooo! Welcome back!
(c) you should go with the charge. its been out for a while, and it's going to be discontinued and outdated soon.
Good luck with your project
I referred Joyce Paisley Photography to your site this week. She loves it! You should have received an email from her.
Smfh ... & it starts all over again
I could go for a right about now! been craving one for days
Men who have class know what they want .. <3
Is it weird that I've never drank Jameson?
Dancing with the Stars is on right now!Woahh new season!
I'm also a hair stylist.... Hehe love yew...
Getting ready for the Tigers game. We'll find out if Fister really is that good and our defense has to be better tonight. Let's go #Tigers!
Virtue is really a cultural phenomenon. The virtues of some are the vices of other.
people come and go, we shouldn't dwell in the past but move on with our lives. Things always happen for a reason.
srsly, how annoying would it be if every time you touched your phone, someone on the other end touched back?! cc/
looks like it's back to Lincolnwood Town Center. Can't find the watch! :( UGH UGH UGH! :(
I wanna go to 's book tour for #thefamegame in Naperville but I can't!!! :(
Twitter followers: Receive 25% off any one item in store by using code phrase "I shop local!" during purchase. Deal good thru 11/30/11.
My mom sent me meat in the mail for Easter. My mom is the best mom.
That moment when u n ur mate laying in the bed n u pass gas quietly n u put ur head under the cover to c if it smell lol
Shake it up baby now, twist n shout ;)
if you were a booger, i'd pick you first.
Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands.
W.yeldahgoods.com. happy international beer day.
you've still got a little while.
lol working for under armour apparently. As if getting off the plane was that important. Jackass
not tonight
Pay phone is my new song
Now you're just somebody that I use to know 🎤
Bristol, TN, here we come :-)
The bruins are getting a lot of pent up anger tonight.
CHRISTEL SHALL BE OOVOOED AT MY NEXT HOUSE SHOW!
What me and are making isn't fair
Thanks GOTG! Hope to see your stilettos and flats at The Red Rabbit soon. Cocktails, anyone?
EVERYONE. IS. DATING. STOP IT GUYS
"Hey did you bring enough breasts for the rest of the class?"
And w/ a female presidential candidate RT The largest general election campaign in the history of Mexico, starts tomorrow
They have not. I'd like to believe that I'm a very special snowflake, thank you very much :P
I warned E when he left on a trip to SF not to come home a coffee snob. His first text from the city: "I'm a coffee snob"
First home game is tomorrow. Come out and support at University Stadium against Texas Tech. TV: The Mtn/6PM MST
#ALA2011 RE: Google+ points out that according to Google+ TOS users must be age 18 and older - 18+ which is same TOS for Gmail
I think it has potential to be an image problem for the program. Easy for schools to negative recruit agaisnt
luck? fate? "who to follow" list? dnt really know.
Back on my time. I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Brownies are done!
It's Pay Drrrrroooooo
no food, what am I gonna do?!
Want to know why I'm cool? Because i told myself i was at a young age.
Right back at you!
Thanks! Oddly, my fave place is San Francisco is also called Coffee Bar. No relation, but great food, coffee & workspace.
that wouldn't have happened to
Stomach flu or food poisoning? Trying to decide :-/
My only dream is that yours never come true.
y'all gone learn!!!
my media lit course is gonna be the bestest this semester, thanks in part to inspiration from
Tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell..cause that shit dont mean shit to me. I mean, you aint shit but a dick to me.
: Tweetin about bein alone on Happy Valentines Day is why youre alone on Valentines Day. Insecurity isnt attractive. Be bold
thanks for networking!
: see ya around 7pm my brother.
Damn i want to go to a Pacers game so i can watch LeBron play!
Treating myself to some web site design this morning.
I didn't believe you until I looked it up on my cell phone. You were right.
the long two, when by design, seems terrible because most likely could have gotten a higher EV 3pt shot.
cause i may be bad but im perfectly good at it. ;)
#followfriday an amazing band from Virginia Beach, VA. If you want a new song for the weekend... check out their single "Daylight"
Thanks for the RT
No worries. Just wanted to let you know.
oh... Stay. Lol
No dessert and no wine?!? All sounds a bit convenient
everything that happens in romanow's class <<<
Hey! Yeah we should defiantly :D
gotta love Moms
Greetings on Lazarus Saturday! May God help us all prepare to be resurrected as he was! Lord, help us.
I'll tell you, I just can't wait for Apple's education announcement next week, even if it's already after everyone's semesters have started.
Watching What A Way to Go! (1964).... One of my all-time favorite movies!
Just picked up at O'Hare! Ready to rock #Chicago tonight at 7:30pm!
If your hungry for burgers there is simply no place better then BDW's for dinner
Vectorworks at #aia2012 May 17-19th. Come by booth #2009 and see our new products!!!!
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity.
Spoke this afternoon to USSEA in Parkersburg to discuss school service employee issues. Steak Fry fundraiser tonight for Glen Dale Baseball
Okay see you guuurrl...Twerk that Party! ;) Congrats - what a gig!
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Samsung pulling away from Apple in smartphone market
So leave me and my wonderfully amazing boobs/nipples alone! LOL
you do? :3 thanks. but why? .__.
That was a Devil Wears Prada reference, and I will spend tomorrow undercover(s).
That's the story of the game. No forced fumbles or INTs. We need some defensive momentum if we want to pull this out.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🏩
Can we all just acknowledge that everyone looks like a moron when they are clapping. No one comes off as an especially intelligent clapper
YOUR SCARING ME.
Yr so funny! Guessing this has somethig to do with this wonderful Spring rain?
#SportingKC cauldron is amazing tonight...goodbye Colorado!
thanks for the follow!
your voice is amazing
RT : Buffett on PE investing: I think it's more interesting to buy businesses to keep rather than to sell
SNL kind of Saturday night!
"Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else." - George Halas.
Im Stuck.
CSS Jax is looking for an Accounts Payable Rep $11-$13 an hour. www.contemporarystaffing.com
There's a lot of shit in the past I wouldn't mind changing, but on the bright side I learned from all that shit.
"Every man dies. Not every man really lives." ~William Ross Wallace
OH YEAH. Kay..
so precious!
coming to Love4Haiti! All sales will be donated.
Good morning, #Portland!
: I guess you really must be upset if you cursed after attending church. So... hello & wish you a great day! lol
Up early jammin to this jeezy
We have a few main topics in today's chat. #Q1 - Audience expectations of online & on-site experiences. #Q2 - connectors.
 Palm Sunday! #PraiseGOD!
Finally home and getting into my own bed... Think I'm sleeping in... Night Everyone!
Love is the best thing in the world. ❤
do tell! I've been curious
Want us to come to a town near you?? let us know where
Pompa: must ensure equality of access and maintain title I and I funding.
Haha yup yup I see you up too! Fist tap
Every boat owner should read this! Last summer we watched with tears in eyes as a tuber tore up our glassy bay for hours!
I never realized how cheesy teachers posters can be..
What a workout!!! Many sore muscles today! Changed up my routine.....Change is good but OUCH!
lol better get on ya passport game try and catch up
The toilet roll war - Stratford Star The toilet roll war Stratford Star Why not just string Christmas lights around it next time? Married
Most of the wives of white male #comic book artists/writers I know are pretty cool human beings.
I think all chairs in cafe's and fastfood resturants are that bad! You need to bring your own pillows to sit in them!
Jus stapled my finger.
Where does the time go..
would you ever go skydiving?
I'm still happy.
Thanks @*DeLiGhT*
The more I listen to album Insides, the more I truly appreciate the continuity of it.
Classes r over!! #schoolsout 2nite come vibe @ the venue w/
I'm stop smoking
Warning zach that is my Chochalte cake on the counter !! Touch it I'll kill yu
"Sometimes it's more important to be human than to have good taste." ~BERTOLT BRECHT Hope you had a great holiday, have an even greater day!
The Spurs opened the second season looking rested and healthy, beating the Utah Jazz 106-91 on Sunday afternoon at the AT&T Center.
I hate when people respond to an email without actually addressing any of the points/questions you asked.
I think that cleanse will help! We just need to find one more person.
Totally in love with that owl Dakota. I'd steal him too. And kiss him. And love him. And get sick to my stomach as he regurgitates mice..
Careful! Monkey's Paw hears that kind of talk and you'll be on the other side of the wall. >_<
Im so bored. omfg.
did you really have to cry?
#IfITellYou You'd Wish I'd Never Told You.
do u think that's a good or bad thing?
Seeing the crowd for the show going on now is just freaking awesome!
Another day of racing. Criterium today.
Wednesday Sean Special...free blowdry (that's a $45 value) with the purchase of 3 products from the Quenching, Mending or Thickening lines!
were you honest when you said, i can never leave your bed?.
Whatd you name your bird?
85 degrees today and i'ts kayaking weather; we are headed to the Lake Lewisville greenbelt.
So.. we bouta hit up the pool . . in the rain . . can u say pneumonia ? aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhha ~
not off the top of the head, i can ask around. what would it entail?
I met him after the show.. (:
The sweet life of Zack and Cody is the only show with smart blonds and a dumb asian O_o
Kobe coaching his team wow, he motivating them to pass pass the ball!
and will see you at #ROC City Rising tomorrow! Look for the rental market guide in your swag bags!
#HAchat RT : What is this Chat called and when is it always held? I have enjoyed it.
Stocks DN in early going. Retail reports below expectations, new jobless claims DN by the most in 3 months.
There's a direct correlation between the rising food costs and energy costs. Let's move forward and sustain
"Feeling Beauty: A Neuroscientific Framework for Understanding why the Arts may be Sisters" w/ G. Gabrielle Starr 2/23 Grad. Center 6-8pm
thank you for everything. Tell Ryan hello.
Matt Kemp has more homers than 2 MLB teams. Of course one of them is the Cubs. Of course.
Happy birthday!
Agreed. After his performance in the second half of last season, we thought LeGarrette Blount would have a much better '11.
FUCK YOU ALL.
Thanks ! RT Happy Int'l Women's Day! Shoutout to some ladies rocking in the biz world!
Score polk county 2 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
thats true hopefully the actual one is better! What order are they gonna put groups in tm?
I can't tell if I'm watching the Michigan vs MSU game or a Delaware vs South Florida game. #GoBlue!
Yesterday, the Metra completely screwed me over. Today, I have a feeling it's the CTA's turn. Ugh.
screamo and techno put together is omg the best!!! :D
Happy Easter...a lil late. <3
welcome to the ravens nation!!!
Ministry. Totally Ministry.
We love creating POTent, Yummy edibles for patients to cope with what ails them. Spreading the feel-good all for you!
ya that would be so kewl! maybe we could meet up and try to find her like wheres waldo lmfao
that's my girlfriend lol
One is not born a woman, one becomes one. ~Simone de Beauvoir
Keep moving runners #Royals #yankees v
I finally get through all the treats and sweets from the holidays, and guess what?...it's Girl Scout cookie season. Great.
We have a furniture refinisher at our office today....the smell is really, really strong.
are u going to tweet me back at all?
It was great seeing you at #dish2011. Missed saying good-bye & catching up on SMKdigital and non-. To be continued at #mw2012!
#riovegas.... On my way to Vegas inthree days. Haven't been in 2 years. Best new places to eat? New sights to see? Thx
Scoops have a 15-second life span
I got an iced mocha & a power outlet. I'm all set.
happens to me ALL the time!!
I tried to get to the Leyton years but every other couple on that show is a damn snoozefest
RT : via Ontario: Catholic Schools Restoring Libraries: Controversial Decision Revisited
Mysterious library guy asks us what we're studying, immediately blurts out "PIZZA!!!!" ...library guy walks away.
In Propria Persona => In his or her own person
Thank you!! Loved your book...btw!!!
follow for a chance to win a UK AUTOGRAPH!!
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots! Perfect way to start the weekend. Headshots, that is!
Agree! “: There should be a req that all new construction in downtown Seattle come w/rain awnings over any adjacent sidewalks”
Who knew that would harm everything so much.
am finishing up the Oakland Arts information package. Looking for local artist soon...
Watch him play like shit since "all eyes will be on him"
Thanks for all of the follows! Been a slow summer but auditions are picking up and BreakADream is going to be posting more sad stories!
- As will all of the middle-class and poor Americans that make the mistake of voting Republican.
Eating dinner at Chillis.
Bunky's Cafe on Atwood Ave. Those folks know how to cook!
Amused by headline from Boise State: "Commencement Ceremony Features Pesky Teaching Awards."
hahahahaha hell yeah
Seth, I'm here with would love to chat after presentations about your properties' social media efforts.
All my hoes got Jordan skills, they fade away
Is #RedbookParty the same as ? Haha.
: Thanks for the retweet!
Posted a new song: "We Do It Like Oww by J-Benton ft. BlaQ
Glad I didn't make the trip to FL for this though, would've been depressing.
Everywhere but friggin TV/radio or magazine -which is all I want! 😥 RT: you have worked EVERYWHERE!! U a hustla
I would give my first born and a box of triscuits for some #Starbucks right about now
Kevin Garnett calling out the #Hawks owner was good stuff, and truth cause he lit them up.
Don't forget! Save $100 on any event when you book by the end of January!!!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf your girl is . I can understand if u only have a poster size Taraji.
Thanks, we just got a profile pic up.
Listening to interviewing live at
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
what's more fun that sitting all alone in the history department? Pretty much everything
So ur out of jail ur free ur rehibilitted how u been ... u got my money motherfucker
I am listening to #dylanradio.com Thanks to Pete in Canada
Tomorrow's Monday! Which means..new Chi! TLIS! #WWWYKI!
nice. Read a similar story on importance of space exploration. Trying to make my speech more exciting.
#Oomf Had To Have His Last Name. 👎😔
feel like I slept 2 seconds 😞👎
the body of a girl but the mind of a guy.
Shot out to the dude that cooked my porkchop tonight!! Cleaning the bone
THANK YOU are BEAUTIFUL FLOWER
More than 85% of connected Xbox 360's have already downloaded content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Whether your working or enjoying the Cinco de Mayo festivities, have a wonderful and safe weekend.
Digitalmedia is where engaging media messaging lie. How can brands connect to users in a way that intrigues them and makesaprofit?
OMG JULIE'S WATER BROKE!
Over Easy? :) Mine too. haha I need to learn to make food other than breakfast stuff though :c lol
Damn all these cuties wit nice bodies fuck I needa get on my shit
Looking for segments for our weekly Twin Cities Live pitch meeting tomorrow....any ideas? Think food, fashion and fun!
I want to shoot people
Love your costumes!!! Congrats to third ward team for winning the contest! Happy Halloween :)
hm....wonder who this is referring to? ;P hahaha
Let's go Rice! "RT It wasn't pretty, but Rice pulls out win against U of H, 4-3. Let's win series tomorrow." cc :-)
There are 612 Time Capsules; we just opened 355 this week!
thanks for proving is live and u r human.
Staff from marketing dept. toured our labs this morning. Thanx ladies for the great ideas abt raising our public profile!
- But Al is ALL ABOUT showing off his fake boobs.
#Its2012WhyYouStill on myspace
oh I know.
hootesuite is the bomb. Tick tick.
nice! be sure to share with the team! MRT : Just discovered a column edit feature on that is blowing my mind
you'd get more accurate world news from a 6-year-old
bout to smoke and chill
OMG. Can you really survive one year like that?
<3 Everything I Do Comes Back To Me by Daredevil Christopher Wright so much history wrapped up in melodies.
St. Patty's Day Sip & Shop & Pearls Couture Sat.
michael jackson is dead
I wonder how much they will go for on eBay...
"All y'all know y'all done had sex while ya baby in bed sleep. When the baby wake up y'all play sleep." <--- lol
Don't forget to come to the Crawfordsville Easter Egg Hunt on the grounds of the Lew Wallace Study tomorrow at 1!
random meat
Thank god all these bottles I popped, All this paper I been gettin', All these models I popped!
Whoop! Lol I felt left out.
Girl been on tht trip shit for the past few days..she's always worrying bout another b.tch & not herself
drinking Diet Pepsi
Riding through Los Angeles blasting that trap girl
he was talking to our favorite volunteer about the Jazz styles of Steely Dan the other day. I wanted to cut myself.
“: everybody cool knows everybody cool” true story!!
I wanna fuck so good...sry just being honest! Lol
just made a glass of chocolate milk
Last class of the semester for this guy
Why is Twitter powerful? 27.3 Million tweets a day. Why is Facebook powerful? Over 500 Million users. Youtube? Over 1 billion videos a day.
Thanks for following! Enjoy your day.
Where did you get yours? I like them to be cute and have enough space to write on each day. Any suggestions?
And there's a blue jay, breaking everything up. I'm going to call him Martin Luther.
Jerry forgot his headphones
What would I liked to have been? Everything you hate.
A small part of me wishes I never met you...
Would love to be there! Enjoy your day and check out
Got a bowling alley in my head!
I met her!
makes me sick how sum people think picking a fragrance cap is stressful
Adam, I also founded Let me know once you start working for a Philly restaurant.. thanks
Definitely had a good Sunday. Same to you :-)
Just finished 1st Mass Effect... So epic, cant wait to start on the 2nd one!!! Is it better then 1?
Meet me tonight st 7:30 for cajun and music! (I'm playing) :)
twitter app on my phone is craz
Busting my a$$ like usual. Fixing the BM now... Have a great day!!!!!!!!!!
Impressive. Updated artist meta data for an album in #iTunes and it instantly appeared on my phone.
Inventory hasn't even started yet and the problems we've known about for months are causing problems
When employees get lost in the organizational career maze, they may take their careers in their own hands and vote with their feet....
When I pulled my hamstring I went to a misogynist.
I've been very interactive on Twitter today. Don't get used to it.
Um, that's an amazing statement.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
CRYING CRYING THIS FLAWLESS TEAM
checking out some cool exhibits.
BEST... SHOW... EVER
Hey where you been??? Haven't heard from you since we spoke about the music conference in Washington DC lol what's your email?
Time for some #Tigers baseball.
I don't know how to relax
Press Conference going on right now RI.P. WHITNEY
If looks could kill, you'd be a murderer
am i remembering this wrong or was some like little girl killed for burning a poster of justin bieber earlier this year?
whats your problem with the eastern and central time zones?
yep! I was working from there!
OMG yes. She is AWFUL. I don't know how she made it this far! RT I can't stand Lindsay Paveo! What a terrible voice!
NFL's Philadelphia Eagles tap mobile for in-stadium marketing
I hope you caused a scene
Found jeans at Old Navy, was informed that they were on sale for $2.48, then was informed I acted like I won the lottery.
I pickup D. Lowe yesterday & he gets me a complete game shutout. Doesn't quite make up for Kemp going on the DL after rosters locked.
Is the father of the girl Thor falls in love with the guy that is controlled by Loki in The Avengers?
If your a Drake fan,
yea it's been long so did u go to Dallas
He stole my heart, so now I'm gonna steal his last name❤
Thanks for the reply.
would love to go
Most of us fall in to one of two roles: 1) you are a creative professional or 2) you need (or lead) creative professionals to do your job.
I love my DVR! I'm taping Bobbi Kristina's interview, army wives and RHOA.
Everybody's dancing crazy...(8)
Yoga Explorers was a big hit! Thanks to the kids for bringing your parents!
loved it!
i love this pic of you ;)
To honor the 100th anniversary of the Titanic, #EdiblesRestaurant will be serving Iceberg lettuce.....
u figured this tech stuff out. U smart, kind , and important
": It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau"
Taylor swift *cough cough* ;) “: writing songs with a very cool artist today :)”
Congrats Bill!
RT : the #interrupters. !! C'est Ouf !!
I hope you don't cry tonight love!
UNFPA, UNICEF, IPPF would be well served if they provided their "youths" a basic biology course.
Valid. I'm just too lazy to make/find another.
If at first you don't succeed....try, try and try again. And in my case...fail, fail and fail again. :/
100 MF`s cant tell me nothing! I BEEZ in the Trap I BEEZ x`s 2 in the Trap ....
I can't believe tonight is that last episode of Desperate Housewives. #sosad 😭
Once there was an ugly duckling , then one day she looked into the mirror and realized... she was a swan..
if I was down there I'd be showing u how to skip line!!
#Rochester stop into the shelter tomorrow (sat) and visit all out friends available for adoption!
I have to say: I want to hear more about that brisket!
MICHAEL......What am I going to do with you. :-) This is the best chicken and cheese biscuit i have ever had!
alyssa just fucking go the fuck away all you do is cuz problems! you fake ass bitch!
Looking forward to Library Development Conf in Flagstaff
Gonna try to go back to sleep
Day 2 in #Israel on Birthright 2.0 begins. Off to an Ethiopian absorption center in the north after an AMAZING day in Tel Aviv.
where you been at bro
Thank you for letting us know; we will inform our IT Manager immediately.
J.V.O
I'm not your friend anymore ....and I really don't care ..cuz u wasn't to much of a friend anyway. Dueces
You're also slacking on a follow, lol. :)
I almost feel bad that I am an organ donor
Vancouver man hit and killed by a swerving car, while changing his wife's tire off I5. State patrol says driver was distracted
I love my bed
Talk to me
Any chance of catching tonight's #SMCA meeting for folks that couldn't watch it live? =)
Damn, da East got the stars, but the West got the team...
you would have no life
Loo IM DYIINGGg!!!
Tracey Gets A Goal....actually tracey could probably score on Bryz
I FB stalked you & saw his pic - cutie! I'm sure the love outweighs the murder feelings. He's still getting used to his new home!
#10thingsihate people wearing fake shit and acting like they the shit!
sorry, i keep RTing you. HAHA but, you gotta love THG
oh bummer!! I feel like that's something I would do too.
When does next season debut? The last two episodes were great.
These photos allow us to see ourselves at distance & thru another's eyes - the other within us, perhaps the root of sociability
Hi kkalafatis, thanks for following!
Chris Brook just said: "how about Dillinger Escape Plan B?" background: we're watching that band and they suck. hard.
In addition, the same share (44%) finds that mobile messages coming from businesses that have their permission are useful.
RT : Q5- If you were to provide advice to a new instructional designer, whatwould it be?
can you all check your emails again please.
RT : The polish Peyton displayed in 1993, as a kid, you saw today. The 3 Manning brothers are a tribute to Archie and Olivia
Just finished another hour of therapy on the shoulder, now its time for a nap :-( Rehab is HARD work!!
Any bangovers this morning from yesterday???
Two B1G teams go down tonight. Guess IU needs to change things.
Time to get busy on
man people play to much.. smh...
#Bands #Artists #Musicians Sign up to Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today sell your music and you keep 100% of your sales!
Just submitted v2.0 of "eJournal" to app store. Now a universal app for $2.99. Password protection and many other features added! Avail soon
do the best you can... catch up later, if needed
R.I.P Dick Clark
Got no sleep last night but woke up this morning wide awake!!!
thanks for the follow!
Harbaugh on Suggs injury: "Everything Terrell said about it from my understanding has been right on."
love you too lil sister
all we can do is support the best candidate!
Being forced to watch Ads before a video I can take... but when that video refuses to play after those Ads... isn't that akin to theft?
Once you have really hurt someone, it will always be in the back of their mind even if they still have a smile on their face.
Checking in beer at work. All day errday
The 950 seems a more mundane less dramatic commuter choice. Nice WaPo story from Stearman survuvor A. Halsey
it means you are safe from the purgatory of bad Children's music, for now.
Pair vs. Pair: Pair The App Is Getting Sued By Pair Networks, The ...
I need more followers #RT if u do too
To Do: dinner, catch up on tv shows, blog, and more twitter! Blog topic tonight is about twitter and museums, will tweet when posted
yes, drowning our sorrows is definitely in order.
hahahaha - O K A Y (x
": Im sick of Blake Griffin with all this flopping bs."
The rangers are insane right now!!
I see some Liars
Stop glorifying Che, dude was a psycho.
Linda are u not going to Bill's wedding?!
I think I am just going to start addressing all SLPs as "Ninja" since they are obviously interchangeable!
There was an array of colors of mankinis today at Bikram yoga. Meow
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
Don't forget to answer our question True or False and be entered to win a plush throw. RT and get a second entry.
For your convenience we have added a toll free reservation number 1 888 581 4446
I agree Doose. Apparently I shouldn't follow either. Jerk.
Facials Try our amazing C-Esta Facial for winter skin and get $20.00 off any Jan Marini Skin care product of your choice $75.00
Soon. Shows next month ": john! any news on when they are giving out backstage passes! please im desperate :("
Interested in restoring hope in New Orleans this summer? Check out the great program offered by our #TeenLifeLIVE sponsor !
I been to hell & back & made it back fine
Oh. My. Fucking. Goshh. Thank. Craig. It's. Friday.
is it on tv?
Wishing you all a Happy Mothers Day!
": Near death?" I think you need to take your turn at the debate desk.
And checking out a new coffee shop. Thanks for the recommendation! RT Co-working"with makes for a lovely afternoon!
My problem with Black Widow is that she's fucking boring. Holy shit, is she ever boring.
": I'm coming to visit you guys today!!" See you soon! :)
Dont let me find out...lol RT : Pharrell is a vampire. A sexy one.
The library is a lonely place since students have forgotten how to do research using books. The sound of slumbering books.
New SHINS album Port of Morrow out today on CD and LP. Come by it at any of our locations and receive a free exclusive limited acoustic EP!
when are you NOT horny? *lifts ass in air* ;)
So happy that you are super well ! Hoping one of these days I'll get to see you in person!
dupont circle has tons of choices depending on price point and taste. I wouldn't miss an opptrotunity to eat at Afterwords.
#StupidStereotypes how bout all stereotypes are stupid!?!?!
IM BLASTING TFERA AND DANCING LIKE A GOOD OL FUCKAAA SCARIN MY MOM I NEED MENTAL HELP AWW YEEAH
First talks with director Scott Dobbie of Marina Beach Films for Music video of Straight To The Top. VERY EXCITED
thanks for the RT!
PROMETHEUS is on the cover of the I just plucked from my mailbox. ZQUEEEEL!
Cal had me for a split minute.
Guess what! Spots are still left on the All-Stars tour and... one spots left on warped tour! SIGN UP TODAY!
Great meeting with all the Business Services folks in Aberdeen today - we have a great team!
There needs 2 be more help 4 Gay males/females dealing w/ thoughts of suicide! Suicide is 2 Real... I get it now
Sam Jones is better than Michael Jordan.
Good morning! We're spending our Monday working on marketing. What are you doing?
Coffee and Brownies? Why not? I'm dangerously dull and uncontrolled. This is our world now.
Thank you as well! I love seeing the verse novel genre alive & well and so many great books being published in verse.
This is what we get for letting go.
Just saw the display at the Santa Monica Nordstrom! Love it!
Lit Brick - Jane Eyre (Part 4)
OKC can S my D
About to do the finishing touches on a new dubstep track so be on the lookout fo it!!!!!
Nice to see so much momentum for ! Interesting he has 2X amount of friends on FB than Demaio.
you wonder if this speeds up his timetable for issuing a written decision in Braun case?
Today was a success. What a great party tonight. So much fun! Thank you everyone and good night :)
damn, he's not going to be pleased about the new logo then that is coming....
Lakerz Playoff Game Central @ Sandbar Lounge Long Beach. $2 Brews $3 Drinks $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Happy Birthday
That's what I'm talking about Duper! Go Pens!
We are taking a sucking void and filling it with our artcocks.
if its a toss-up for the position...the relationships u can build in state promising a better chance maybe are worth it...
Yea I know..u r restricting urself to CLE right? If I did that I'd still be looking! But got great opp & position in Dayton
I fucks with you
Woohoo!! RT : Can't wait to have dinner with the queen Tomorrow night!
iono I ant think that was posibule
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future
Hey my name is big t I'm about to be on MTV haha
You left a mark
I lied. I was too sore to run today. So I just walked the 3-mile loop around our subdivision. It was a beautiful day for it.
Good time Luxury Expo this weekend! Thanks to everyone that showed up! We had a great weekend!
Check ur email Big Bro
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Dex: Boners: Standing up for what they believe in!!! Me: OMG, ur mind is in the gutter today!!
" Correction does much, but Encouragement does more. "~~~Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
way to stick up for your players chris guccione called a bad game at first
Are apps free?
haha yea no video call :P -izzy
Morning Twitter World!
;-) How r u? RT : The fam loves my Mac & Cheese made with #Cabot reduced-fat cheddar! delish!
#fridayreads (print) The Revenant by Sonia Gensler !!!! So excited!!!!
#BarkAtBilas How come ESPN doesn't have the match up comparison option this year on the brackets? Big problem...
Well at least there is still my 100% chance of getting a signed copy of John Green's next book. YAY FOR POSITIVES
Today was ehhhhh....
Massage alone is proven to not only reduce stress, but decrease anxiety, enhance sleep quality and improve concentration
Watching Gnomeo & Juliet has made me want to buy even more gnomes. Also flamingos and Braveheart bunnies.
Wish my shoulder & neck didn't hurt #wahwahwah #complain 👎😁
"Only about 1 hr or so work left on paper." That was 3 hrs ago.
hahah I LOVE YOU SCOUT!
you would love it! Not to mention, our friends at are based right here in Indy.
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." - Henry Ford
the person I despise with a passion sits next to me in history. and we have to be partners for a presentation. I had to do all the work. -.-
Had it the last few days. Once I think I'm over it, it returns.
I'm starting to hate getting up early
Been at it trying to open up these .pdf files for the longest -.-
Who Wants To Talk?(:
If you fall in love with two people, stick with the 2nd one... Obviously, you weren't in love with the first one...<3
Andre 3000 shouldn't even be compared with the likes of Beyonce or J. Cole
what happened?
well drake and iPhones don't like u either
Our thoughts exactly!
Why does she act so salty all the time now? She used to be my fave real housewife. You know who I'm talking about.
I want her to txt me on this long as ride
Brandon Burrell's birthday party tonight!
Shout to my bro de lo mio k lo k
Tami is crazy.. i know that liquor done wore off by now
That's right Ryan. Express that anger through threes.
endorse RT New revenue stream: Tax gaudy fan gear and those who wear it. Jersey's no, helmets that have sunshades and horns. YES
It's almost 9PM here.
Studying in the tub haha taking a bath + study...good idea..bad idea?? Idk this is the first time ive studied al year
needs followers .haha :P
Made it to work thru the snow. . . the return trip home will be interesting to say the least!
my home girl is in that video
Miley Cyrus is upset a company has made a sex doll in her likeness. Her dad is mad because he didn't think of it first.
Sixty dollars? Hello? Rich people? Troy's joining you. Yes, I'll hold.
Too many chiefs, not enough indians.
I use a Canon multi-function printer and it does all that in a small form factor. Mine is a few years old, MX310
I've seen Mr. McFeely too and he does look like the same young lad as during his Speedy Delivery days.
cant listen to the radio anymore CAN NOT DO
Food n work n baseball
we did for the Yankees game. Not this one...due to sitter for my youngest
too late , boo boo
I just want 2 egg rolls !
The world can be scary..so you have to put everything in prospective...and sieze the moment....
Best version yet. Well done.
Wow... Got my hair wet 😒 ironed it for nothing.
I understanding talking to partisans for launching point to then talk to more analytical experts. Too many skip 2nd part, tho.
why do you feel #feel #syep event was pointless? how could they have made it better?
we need to get together - lots to update you on!
in Australia....luck you :p
who me ?? lol thanks
i hate when ppl lie bout dumb shit
Wow! Just tried this submission to our What's Your Austin's Pizza contest: Fresh made pico, motzz, jack cheddar, & chicken. Lordamighty.
Ryan Sheckler Is So Cute I Can't Even(;
Very cool webinar today #HireAVet presented by have engineering positions great for veterans! Apply at bjorksten.com!
are you?
There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman
great, great article.
Hi Lavina....thanks for returning the follow!
blessed go be connected
Hey I just meet you and this Is crazy but ....<3 :D
What a great day out today.
W.mwishartpi.com. People/companies who prey on the less fortunate will be held accountable.
Two more days until my Birthday my Birthday my Birthday :-) and they said no way would I see it! lol, bla bla bla
a few days studio under construction
#IDontLike The song boyfriend....or any Bieber song...or the word swaggie
any review that includes the line "I once knew a girl in college who practiced Wicca" must be regarded with suspicion :P
You used to be the shit, now you ain't shit bitch.
Nap time
Found out where dreams are born - unicorn testicles. Special thanks to Bob's Burgers for that info.
You are the master of prezi and getting presents at work :)
These cardiac Cowboys are for real! Now finish this.
it's your song, too. Although as I think about it, I definitely prefer the old rhythm, so you should definitely rerecord.
Take care of your body, then the rest will automatically become stronger.
comming from the woman who distracts me when I actually try too
I miss #RHOA last night hoping it comes on today...before #BasketballWives cause I'm Not missing that lol!!!
Don't forget to tweet True or False to our earlier question and get entered to win our plush throw.
Me too! The fall is the best time of year and so pretty. I would like to talk to God about having that weather all the time
Tomorrow's Brunch on the patio! Don't miss it. The fried egg sandwich with pickled onions is....well.....pretty darn good.
HAVING FUN AT YOUR PHOTOSHOOT??:)
...like sunshine! :D
hope you're having fun right now!
Hey all, have a beer for all your hard working legislators who can't go to the O's game today.
2morrow Spanish friends,come see me 2 6PM ! Can't wait :{) RT
Crowd-sourcing my #DC peeps: Best day #spa in DC? This girl needs a day of beauty! ideas?
truth man. This is your first show, right?
The Office season finale tonight...hope it doesn't suck like most of this season
My wife said tonight that I can have a beer for every #Brewers run......let's get it started!
: Guess which of your favorite Naz ladies we are!
hell yeah ah.. I feel ya. I'm glad to be one of the better ones !(:
Thankfully English 1101 is a required course for all RATs.
Open, ready and prepared for feedback. Negative and positive. If you think you know something, remember the mistakes of misjudgement.
Playing design catch up on this lovely afternoon.
just smash it in rage. usually works.
at least one of my "friends" really sucks.
saw a baby whale exploring off point dume. yrs ago. Supposedly normal behavior for them to explore alone while mom waits
but soon, we all get to hang out together.
Finally home from a long day. 😊
Instagram for Android Instagram for Android Instagram for Android!
i still don't think you've realized what you did to me, and how badly you hurt me.
Is there anyway for us, not in NYC to see/ get acess to these documentaries online?
At the metropolitan club issue 1 debate...
that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol
Based on your article this morning, it looks like Tyler Colvin has the best musical taste on the team. By far...
About to drink some Starbucks ice coffee..... Wait wait m delicious
yes. Slade is a bit undersized and a year younger. But is a pretty decent point guard
. Have fun and safe travels!
I got you covered.
No homework tonight ;3
At Wondering if Mr Gibson gets tired of my supermarket brand analyses.
Watching Frozen. I mocked the film relentlessly when I first heard about it. I'm now curious after what I've hear from some trusted critics.
Check that, took the job in early June, lol.
hope we see you at ours!
Its 30 mins from tradee deadline and not one station speaking of it
4 all ths Q's thr is a big distinction between consumer products vs. service brands. ex: Coke sum of emp brands? No. B of A? yes.
Yay! Oh the anticipation!
cool. let me know if you come up with something because our garden more eggplant that we can handle right now.
We need more Peggy and Joan time.
Ding repair is being offered for any surf club members by one of our surf dads, George Toth. Give him a call at 619-250-6948 for any needs!
my prayers are with you and yours
what ring is that???
love the bonus!
this is SUPER!!! Thanks for the headsup. , was this the barge that conquered the canals last year?
Flu days. Leave me alone.
any birthdays today ?!
RT : Got my workout in, now picking up new business cards then heading to get glammed up for !
Like every friday, #FF me first and I will #FF you back.
Kobe is all the way Ballin.
I'm knocking on doors, you're keeping the keys, MaybeYouopen, maybeNotForMe! But I won't make a move until move in me:D (Paul)
how are you?(:
hmm creative thinking
Just had a dope photo shoot with the crew. Photos will be posted here shortly.
At Church and State!
New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer" www.thewritelifeshow.com
Gopinath: Shah's "Hinterland Structures" is an alternative archiving of queer diasporic modes of dwelling & creating habitability
I hate when there is like nothing on tv.
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Save Me
Oh no! I hope your flight gets going soon.
3 hours of beer and food for only $8.10 - best deal in town - spread the word. kgoradio.com/beer
Huh?? RT : I heard myself a few days ago I guess
Some girl named Lucy just introduced herself by saying "My name is Lucy" and I chuckled.
That show is going to be a real party--have fun tomorrow night!
you are in luck-we are running a 15% off sale on the store starting Monday through end of the year. Save away!
Nibbs are soar...Yes I would do it again! =P
Neybor wins 2nd place at #onstage pitch event in crowd-favorite and most viable idea categories!
Thats whats up Bro, thanks for the love!
I'm happy for him he deserves a shot to have his own program.
- That's hilarious! Can't wait for tonight's show (PST).
Why, thank you!
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter. I am looking for experienced RoR developer. Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
Don't call it a comeback! We're going to the Final Four again! Go UMass!!!
thanks for hanging last night at the game with ! need to perform for you again soon!!
Chris Isaak - Don't Make Me Dream About You - 06:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't forget a huge Pick 6 Carryover at Belmont Park on Wed..could be at least $3mill in the pool...Hope some #'s come to me in my sleep.
Today is pay day & I ant even happy
Really wishing that 's rich text editor worked on the iPad. I've written 2 posts but can't format them without HTML. Ugh!
RT : Fact: The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Small job doing libguides and random reference? Sure!
.. than I am about sales..if it gets heard by enough people, the sales will happen later... for now appreciation is plenty
Is having one of those OMG overwhelmed days.
Lol i really forgot how me and live life i would not do this any other way ...
thankyou and yes u can lol
WOW! Great link, thanks. I don't know why I'm so surprised... I guess I thought anthro was one of the more "eccentric" programs :)
I didn't eat lunch because I forgot my money.Only 2 people knew. No one else deserved to know. They wouldn't shut up asking if I was hungry
Supposed to be eating hot dogs and drinking beer at an MiLB game right now. Instead I'm lining wedding invitation envelopes. Life is funny.
Thanks for RT of article
All of my old friends think they're too cool for me.
I've gotta say, life's pretty good! It's really gonna suck when I get cancer one day.
One of us is thinking about sex... OK, it's me.
Oh, hello pathological liar on my bus. Yes, tell me all about your Peacock farm.
Celebrate National Burger Month at ABX with our Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger priced at $8.99 during the month of May!
Who did you meet at #barcamptampa that deserves a follow and why?
On my way to the city, Wudup grandma!
Lmao 21 jump to crazy funny
I'm awake now ( he he )
If dick riding was a sport, half the hoes out here could claim "first place" ..
Great shot :)
I think mercy should still be competitive still
can u please follow me on instagram?! My username is iluvya_nojoke!
You guys wish Happy Mothers Day to . At least til I hear enough DM alerts from her phone so I'll know which Champagne Room she's in
someone is blasting "I Have a Dream" through their car speakers during traffic.
is take one but ill only give 75.00 for it.
I have lost all respect for Mickey Loomis, Shaun Payton, Gregg Williams, Joe Vitt, and Jonathan Vilma and anybody else from bountygate
Fake models with fake personalities will never prevail.
Nothing to say but everything to do.
look up Richard Lawson Studios.
heading out there in a few days, will let you know if you don't hear anything. Also, could try calling?
wow true to its name too bad
Hindenburg had a light aluminum piano, pressurized smoking lounge, porcelain tableware, but passengers slept in bunks.
you live in Florida?! Me too(:
How did you get started doing the freelance gig in BKK ?
haha..you can't win em all!
- Best way to land an agent is by doing showcases! Better to be seen than picked out of a pile of headshots!
When you get more diversity on the screen, you get more dynamic portrayals of women characters"
...doing 5 burpees every 1/4 mi lap so I can get caught up on the #BurpeeChallenge BECAUSE I CAN AND SO CAN YOU
"Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!" - Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005
i cry every time i see a one direction account with a creepy pic of 11 year old miranda cosgrove as their icon bless.
“: What time the DMV close? I need a new license” 4 or 4:30
Yea im still here, schoolin it. Wbu?
now that's a lot of O's
This will be my second time
Why this few days i suffer a usually dull persistent pain (aching back) !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley You were a Legend O_o
ah yes! have fun! let me know who you ride with in Tri! xo
I love her oh so much
You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.
Would I be wrong if I exposed the jay bitch
A little sluggish too much hooter wings and Ciroc last nite nice superbowl halftime with Madonna was great
I know what imma do for my mom on mothers day ^.^
Hey, Sun. Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you! Aaaaagh...pain....blind....seeing spots....bad idea....ok, you win.
AMANDA SYFREID IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL SHE GOT TO MAKEOUT WITH MEGAN FOX
You're in a relationship, stop flirting with everyone!
"Im asian, trust me" - LOL
Thanks for the tickets! THE best TWolves game I've witnessed live. Then again it was the only time I've ever seen them win live.
NOW ONE TIME HAS MORE DISLIKES THEN LIKE WE HAVE TO GO LIKE TTHE BUTTON OEVER AND OVER AGAIN BELIEBERS
This nation cannot long survive without the adhearence to the Rule of Law & and. Its blid Application to all Its citizens.
RT : Huntsman manager says: "It was time for Republicans to rally around a candidate who could beat Obama." Adds: It's Romney
haha have fun staying in college!
Via , a "minister" said this at a Detroit mtg: "This is white supremacy. Before you take over our city, we'll burn it first."
excited to see parra back in and see dillard. pitching on the crew is deep, just might be the best in the.nl central.
Oh and I LOVE David Wallace! Yay!
hey all beliebers if u are a true belieber and love justin as much as i do , stand by him follow me I will always support justin follow me
Your morning should be spent making loving phone calls to those that makes your life worthwhile!
This wifi on southwest is THE worst! I just drained half my battery tryna pull up fb! Wtf?!?
Sniff bathroom stall
A puppy at the early age of 7wks, w/ my book, together you & I can PREVENT early bad habits & get his/her training well on its way!
Agreed RT : With all my ranting, I am proud of my #Mizzou boys. We have along way to go in March. Then adios Big 12
If you're still working on that LinkedIn training, add "don't put your name in all caps or all lowercase." Have a good weekend!
Thanks for the retweet!
WHAT IS THIS
I don't believe you're up this early.
I would love an NBA team. I think it would be awesome for Baltimore's economy & morale
Jen may adopt you
Can we all take a moment to look at the comments on the GMYH video saying something about his "new hair".
Dear Drama Whores...
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(8
well, I finally managed to drag my 100 lbs heavy bag into my house... I'm laying on it now. lol
It's such a beautiful day! :)
Anybody notice yellow eyes on Anthony Johnson?
Me and mom and Junior slept our butts off! I mean it! We have no butts today! Ok we do but we slept a lot and I'll take my breakfast now.
Congrats on a #5 in the iPad app store!
Ah, the joys of public transportation
My mom is late to work everyday and she live 2 blocks from her work! lol she kills me!
I don't have my swimming stuff :/
Gurrl,look at that body,I WORK OUT!
I took the #commuterchallenge and after 3 days- I now own my own Go To Card, but I can't register it on the site (error msg)
What a boring day
30 Flutter-kicks, 20 Wall Jumps...lets make it happen, #Madison!!
I will do the Nationals, I agree- good idea. Thanks for sending out my link!
twitter be trippin!
So the LORD gave Israel all the land he had sworn to give their forefathers, and they took possession of it and settled there. Joshua 21:43
The story behind where those plans have would be awesome.
umm try Loopy & Scallops and get back to me.
It's hard to remember the people we used to be.
But well see :)
In any art or design the moment of making a mistake can be the moment of greatest discovery, innovation or invention if only
feeling really tired and cranky? your welcome
What a happy surprise!! We need to catch up in Seattle!
So straight vodka then? I swear I saw that billboard and said out loud "Morris Day and the Motha Fucking Time"
MY MOUTH BURNS!!!! I just tried an extremely hot serrano pepper!!!!!! Hehe.
u must b off
I crack myself up a lot
Haha! Ginger-supremacist!!
RT #Glee: 3D Concert Movie is a film about the beauty of diversity that stars a bunch of pretty white people econ.st/oJVOZG
Scrabble's cool. Better than canasta, anyway. Is it cheating if you tweet us your letters? (You are playing for money, right?)
Never forget. RIP. “: RIP horses from Luck. Sad news. Give a shout out to my homey Lil' Sebastian if you see him upstairs.”
you know I have never thought about that but you are right, i am a selfish defensive coach want the best on D
Getting ready to Skype with the boo! <3
I love my cousin.. she's awesome!
Hahahahah. I don't think that's getting the RT. #GonzagaProblems. Hahahahaha
One of the guys from Lucky Boys Confusion died? High school pop-punk era Justin wept.
rofly. orr you an lift to eat..
I wish you world tell me how you really feel.
I ONLY HAVE TWO WEEKS TO READ THREE BOOKS FUCK
I felt like such a nerd the other day cause this kid had a sonic screw driver and I freaked out! It was awesome though! I love Doctor Who!
Yikes, I'm getting way too Twitter chatty.
thanks for coming!!
yea finals are no joke :/
Yeah, I totally agree with you.
WE WANT THE BELIEVE TOUR DATES
When and who all going???
Agreed! Nicely put! In fact, that's why we're building a prayer-app! Please see here ==> birdofprayer.org
is this going to be one of your tweets where u start bashing city cyclists?
Serb/Croation division brought up over deleting FB comments? Really?
Tips for Planning a Tent Camping Trip to South Georgia’s Beaches
Congratulations everyone! I look forward to visiting soon in 2015 & following ur website til then
105th annual! very impressive. Wish I weren't on the other side of the world for it...
Just tapped, Del Rio Lager (replaces Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge Belgian Sour Ale: we have more kegs for later)
OMG I'm leaving work now to go make some.
Sean Putman from Detroit, hi everyone
Call up your friends & make plans to come watch UFC 146 with the ladies Saturday May 26!
All apologies to and all Pittsburghers I have neglected until 4:35PM. Happy Valentine's Day!
happy moving day!
« So will I see today?? (:» text me sweetie<3
About to release my 150th recording in the last 2 years.
your uncle has thought you well
#DearMonday just because i'm on spring break i love you! Just for this week thou!
What fucking monsters, excuse me. That is insane.
Anthony Davis officially added to 18-man pool for U.S. Olympic team.
no I didn't
Just wrapped second day of shooting for Francescas Collections! Went great :)
My stubborn basset hound dog decides he wants to go for a walk...hm
You coming back to L-ville for the derby?
We got a love thing, girl you try to leave me But you need me, can't you see you're addicted to me We got a love thing,
heard they were gona hand out bengay to the alacranes players b4 each game this season lol
Haha ya right abby!! My legs are way to long and my dad would cry.
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen. - Richard M. DeVos
Even though they don't get along, I'm really luck to have such supportive, wonderful parents.
And baby I promise That I will never leave That everything will be alright,I I promise these things to u babe just believe I promise
I have the body of a 6 foot 16 year old ballet dancer 0_o I want to gain 15 pounds
"...we felt it was critical that we establish relationships with the most innovative doctors and researchers," said Founder/COO Wendy Lewis.
what would Mark Topping do? #he'sadork
Follow and we follow 100% back :) Thans :**
Check with your child's preschool or school nutrition guidelines before you pack those lunches. They may limit desserts or peanut products.
However, would a digital pres and repository knowledge group be redundant? There are already groups that do this.
There is no such thing as a normal or a sensitive person. It's a myth fabricated by your own ignorance.
Be ready to dance the night away at your special event with us purchase the Premier Wedding Dances Groupon!
And the 2011 best of show...
Merry #Chrimbus to , , , , and We will be re-launching in January!
I have a queen size bed yet never sleep in the center, I prefer the left side.
Going out in SA, TX. What we got..Racks on Racks on Racks!
awesome to see the use technology in Gov.
"Tell me who's doing something bad." - Me, to every person
mothers bistro?
Went to a highschool hockey championship game that was 3 1/2 hrs long! Six 14 minute periods and a loss, is tough!
Create your own definition of
For some reason I'm now getting a (free?) subscription to Whisky Advocate magazine. Marketers know me too well, apparently ...
#zonamaco12 not the same without your face everywhere
Social media is about to disrupt the fundamental way marketers think about customer acquisition, retention and growth.
*headdesk* RT I'm not sure what to make of all the Super Moon photos taken with a flash.
Jack Black is hilarious! Even as a cartoon panda he makes everyone laugh
what's your reasoning? Only way to provide univ insurance without mandating purchase of private good?
follow please (:
you to sir
Don't go through phones if u don't want you're feelings hurt
Embarrassed to admit I just heard while watching Gossip Girl but HOLY COW you guys, congrats!
My domain transfer from GoDaddy to NameCheap completed today. Now to make a donation to
Wow! 200 followers! Thank you to everyone who has followed! I guess
rip Ms. Whitney Houston
So Happy that your are a new follower for me! Enjoy the mountains of VA!
My wife found a fun new place, YogurTea, where if your yogurt weighs exactly 9 ounces, it's free! 's yogurt weighed 14 oz. haha
In the theater with the little bottles
Good morning boo! Happy International Woman's Day RT : Rise and shine!!!
Welcome to all our new followers! We love you guys!
Excellent choice.
Great times!! Thanks for the visit!
where were you? it was 1972.
Who else wants a free autographed CD? RT Signed !!! #thatswhatsup yfrog.com/nykmrcj
Thanks to , for supporting ICF/ID community!
And yes, I think whether you read a cv online or on paper must make a difference. Bring out the eye tracking software!
considering you don't even follow me...I have no chance. :(
still recovering from the best NYE party ever! Big thx to everyone who came out. What's next?...a lil country-western number.
Tonight: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P. of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM-
U r my everything love u
Loving the new lia sophia collection on style network!
Excited offered a Hannibal type role for a webseries. Fava beans anyone?
I was in art but I'm On my way home now lol
Laugh at stupid jokes. Cry. Apologize. Tell someone how much they mean to you. Live life, because tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
Dappa,bout to rock it at the "after dark" with Mr. Kee. Its packed on a damn tuesday. Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday. Lol!
just stopped the car cause a boy didn't know what he was talking about involving
how to make cleaning cool? how to save time while cleaning? Things you hate to clean??? Arrrrgh! This is frustrating!
yea but he didn't win 3 before he won a ship
Drinking apple cider :) 'cause I'm freakin' cool ?
Jus got home from ACT im tired ,but might go play ball!!!
:D I wish too!
*What I Think About* Morning: Alex During school: Alex Afternoon: Alex Night: Alex Dreams: Alex never leaves my mind!<3
Using this at work tomorrow. RT : 80% of people have low self-esteem and are likely to put others down to make selves feel better.
#arentyoutiredof the same lunch and crappy hr stops. Love Seau's for Dog Gone Mondays and Taco Tuesdays.
ah lol! Tomorrow! Love you! I miss you :(
At O'Charley's getting my grub on. Had a few drinks and feel good.
money over bitches (;
I squished my foot , while I was closing the door now it hurts alot ..
42 days until Launch Day. Better get back to work!
At least I'll get to catch up on my work...Just praying I don't lose power. Ugh! I thought I left this hurricane nonsense in Miami.
rock on!
Now THAT'S some exciting fighting!! Bummer we couldn't see a 3rd round.
so unlike Jason Kidd not to make that shot, in light of his recent play in this series.
I'm a horrible friend... I'm sorry
Wow that is blessed could I get a follow & ask you a question?
REMINDER: Upload your pictures of
thanks for the follow
I don't understand our relationship. Sometimes we're friends, sometimes we're more then friends & sometimes I'm just a stranger to you.
50 Shades is easier to understand knowing a) it was originally self-published. b) it is Twilight fan fiction. But still.
Trying to believe...RT : Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. A.B. Alcott
Dude. Told ya... RT lol damn my bad
Love and regret run hand in hand I regret leaving our love...
This correlates directly on my most recent post concerning web content and blogging. Thumbs up.
What is your Chinese new year resolution?
We are at a crossroads and it is time to ELECT a leader who will direct DISTRICT 2 in the right path. Please take a moment to log-on to...
Dang, I should have tried to sneak into that one. cc:
We are so excited for the next #LoL at on Feb 15 from 6-8! New Belgium taps on us! Presented with
Sorry for the spam messages u may have received from us. We were hacked. For the record, we don't know anyone saying "very bad rumors" abt u
Social Media for the SEO right now
Growing pains!...ACP is looking for new studio space to call home...give a shout if you know of a place!
Hoping the universe will balance out a little, please bring good vibes my way!
i hear it'll only get you to 6%, so I'll have to switch up at some point. You doing 3 days a week bench?
William Balfour has been found guilty
Thinking of and all of the good she does for young women.
I can't wait to try Wiredoo!
In Santa Anita's 1st, trains three runners including two first timers. I like #3 Castaway -- ridden by
So happy to see blown out, bouncy waves and natural yet glowing makeup on the runway @ Carlos Miele. Please, designers, no more braids!
ight ur place, ill bring love and basketball
Hey Flex I'm just here at our place visiting Juel then back to La Wed. However really like it here.
RT : Botanas for dinner! =awesome night! <<-- Thanks!
Donations of bedding, toiletries, & more needed for homeless seniors. Can you help? Organize a drive, donate to
Oh my gosh :o That's so sad :'(
Eye Disease Linked to Memory Decline: Study suggests .. "eye screening ... could potentially help identify people at risk for...
Waiting on word from Crosby Elementary. Roof gone from Tornado.
Nice. Maybe we could schedule lunch/coffee/beer?
Out and about!
Good morning! Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
hope i can go to the #west sometime
Life is the best school. God is the best teacher. Problem is the best assignment. Failure is the best revision.
Hear something New & Fresh with Adam Craig Band in the New Music Spotlight at 8!
I think Izturus needs to change his number. #3 hasn't worked so well with Yuni, and Yost.
This is just a great day in the city
Lol, Some People Think Because I Haven't Did What They've Done, I've Done Nothing. When I Look At Their End Result, I'm Glad I Didn't. :)
sounds like a microbiology test. You going to make it to the #NMSkiSwap this weekend? It's worth the drive.
It's hard to beat simple, honest food
hahaha you're so right that must be it
HEY ! HOW THE HECK R U?? Luv ya!
Make that chelsea vs. Barcelona
I consider the 13th phone call about my expiring Factory Warranty. They can help @ (773) 753.0974 yet my car's only 6 months old.
Time to grill
nice first pitch at tonight's Mets game. Lots of Mets and Yankees fans there...but all were Giants fans!!
Who would win in a guitar solo battle, Toby, Seth, or AyJay?
o stop you're making me blush :)
that's what girlfriends are for
The Dallas Mavericks are 8-0 ATS in the last 8 meetings with the Phoenix Suns
I used it all D: why?
Am I the only person that folds up ham takes a few bites and unfolds to see what it look likes?
Great book!
Did Josh Hamilton just hit the cards with the belt while the ref was knocked out?
Thanks for the follow
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be on live to discuss our May 20 festival.
I will sign when DNC goes 2 help in WI
. welcome to the #gsucadre. Looking forward to working with you.
Today's the Kentucky Derby. Did I tell you I was there when Secretariat won in 1973? It was amazing.
ur the 18th person who told me that and not really try jumping 5ft 2in in the high jump
Today is one of those days I wish I had an identical twin I could enslave in order get twice as much done.
The music game is ugly but the reward is nice...if you do it right
Thank you following
": I don't know why everyone just throws the c word around like it's nothing nowadays" lol
You continue to screw me over.
RT: Not only are boys incredible, inspiring, and currently promoting a fantastic book, but they are also phenom
It sucks that they're filming all these movies that have 2013 release dates.. don't they know
Good morning ! ☀
My 2 y/o is eating baby corn for the first time. in "Big" would be so proud! ;-)
3 miles in 26 minutes, I feel accomplished ahha
omg whoa...that is really crazy! also, you are using Twitter more! yay!
“Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
no. just what I wanna do...go out and run into drunken old MSD classmates enjoying the only thing they do with their lives.
Finally my ela state exams are overr[: #ThankTheLord ! But still need the math next week -_-
nothing but net.
Ever humble! We'll just have to brag for you. Everyone here is so proud to be part of #TACC, and thrilled to be working w/ you. :]
$15,000 tax credit "available to all" regardless of income, is being pushed in the senate. Also wanting to extend credit by 1 year.
Wow, had opposite reaction. And it was shown to critics here Wednesday night --not shown in TC?
Strata Park is the modern system application of todays open plan office environment.
I've consumed a lot of crap too. When marathon are you training for?
no. we are good. thanks though.
The man says think big and act strong. oh yeah. I am on it.
I know we aint got no strings attached, but this could be a perfect match .
Why does everyone forget how to drive when it rains?
Lol I kno but I'm always calm bout things
Luke warm jello is not good.
it's the RISP that are left that freaking kill me! Something's gotta change here!
I could use the Golden Bough to teach reading comprehension for a chosen few, the marines of liberal studies
thank you for following Colorado's leader in affordable marriage and family therapy and in therapy training!
Ah, gotcha.
"I was made for sunny days, and i was made for you." ::the weepies::i was made for sunny days::
He's making me blush like a school girl lol
#Novak can't miss
Off to #Vegas for Super Bowl weekend, February 3-6, staying at the marvelous Good times ahead... My pick? for the win!
I'm determined to get everything fixed by Saturday.. even if its by myself
The best way to cherish & love something is to imagine you lost it. Never take a minute of court time for granted..it might be your last!
BUT I MIGHT JUST DARE TO SAY, THAT I LOVE YOU.
Totally! Which I own ;)
- I agree Juliet was terrific and the best of the night until Matai. I loved Matai, she is totally unique.
Posting up three crowd favorites today! Parisian Omelette, Colcannon Cakes AND Breakfast Pizza!
Why would you not just have a phone?
and my 7 yr old girl thinks they're ALL hilarious. *sigh*
nothing scares me more than Die Antwoord but why can I not look away.
Just finished the last episode of #TheWire. Shit. Now what?
#LifeWouldSuckIf There was no candy
We're excited too! Save the date 8/27! RT : Very excited that has decided to join us for our block party!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
"I will never go bungee jumping. A rubber breaking was the reason I was born, it sure as hell isn’t going to be the reason that I die."
It's like I'm sad but happy, happy but sad.. WTF
I'm going to assign your piece in my class next semester. I was just wishing for a concise overview of exactly what you said!
There is a tea kettle and a newspaper subscription my Christmas list. And on my grandma's.
I know you are but im not talking about you I'm talking about out generation in general
someone stupid!
My dad <
is DESTROYING this late show in #Denver !!!
RKO :) gotta love it
Yay I will be on my first tv show on Spike Tv:) I will be an extra but first pay gig
I started earlier...maybe it's time to revisit!
hmm well atrau messages me saying I should go and he would pick me up but Kendall wants to go too I think? Idk
Happy birthday ! :D
Space based!!! Yesyesyes. Sci fi drama should be a more often used genre!
What to do today? Hm
do you really?
its only Tuesday and I've already got my Friday outfit picked out!
Defense man
it's going to be like that episode of The Office and the Fun Run. It's carbo-loaded.
time waits for no man,so what cha waitin on man?
If your not gonna say "NIGGA," don't say NINJA... or none of that shit, it just looks weak.
As we speak, my friend Terry at the U of M Bookstore is hand-delivering Caro's big new LBJ bio. After all the reviews, the genuine article!
just put the money in the bag
#youknowwhatannoysme When people blame me for something I didn't even know happened.
heading to #MCC with the Biz Kid$ Real team to do more fruit salsa experimentation
I am absolutely in love with my job at Starbucks.
Gotta pick it up!!!
they said it not me
It is past time stood with Wisconsin. He lets us fight alone unsupported throughout. unsupported by my fam
#HackingEdu is underway! Thanks to our sponsors for their support of Four Peaks Month.
what is up Rockies? Have we won ANY one run games this year? Maybe Michael Young at third was not such a bad idea.....we need help
Yeah no matter which way you look at it the optics aren't good. It's a clear elbow high. We'll see what happens.
We have moved to new office location in Queen Anne. Its creative space with high ceiling. Feels a little empty now. Still settling in.
excellent question!! (AL 5 words)
"it may not mean nothin to yall, but understand nothin was done 4me... So I dont plan on stoppin at all... Want this sh.. 4eva mane...."
Come to the Easter egg hunt at 9:30 a.m. on April 23! We'll also fun entertainment and games for the keiki!
Just followed them!
Where is Andre in rebounding?
its not evan like that i go from city to city just goto make my way back up there
:) thank you
": Rise & Shine Thank God & Grind"
Great job on 'The Last Word'! Kyt :j
so true!
I hate when somebody around you has BO but you're scared it's you so you keep smelling yourself like a crazy person. WEAR DEODORANT PEOPLE!
How about now? Is this thing on now?
Beauty is a curse on the world. It keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
"Ninety-eight percent of success is in the head and the heart." -Cathy Ferguson, Olympic swimming
Feeling stressed? Come in for a quick or long therapeutic massage. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon :)
I can't drink soda in the morning, it just tastes nasty!
Copycats cut bullshit.
YES. "Dr. Frederick Frankenstein: What a filthy job. Igor: Could be worse. Dr. Frankenstein: How? Igor: Could be raining. "
Tweet me a number and i will tell you which iconic boy
Nope. I blame Leno. and NBC
...you know you are wrong for that...lmmfao!!!!!
Paid Sick Leave hearing today- 5:30 at City Hall. Come to the Council Chamber to pack the house w/ supporters of a healthy Seattle!
do you know of a place where we can find good techniques for doing this(engines) ?
Major Payne is one of the funniest movies ever!!!
Today has been a productive day off. I love running errands with a certain someone. :)
LA Sun+Rooftop Pool+Hot Girls+House Music=The Good Life
Partying with the Harry to my Louis tonight. =3 Partying = Eating & being lazy.
Sendoutcards Business Presentation tomorrow 4/26 (Thu) 6PM @ The Terrace Club -7th Fl, NYC If you are entrepreneurial, check it out.
I wear mine all year round :)
sorry Sunday!
I dislike your avi -_- you look like a vampire nigga
Gearing up for the final final. Finally.
I wish I was kidding when I tell you that I just bought a new laptop so I could play Sims 3.
RT Who got some birthday cake!? Its my Birthday!
NAMM was great this year. Very positive vibes all week! Our west coast sales manager had twice the # of dealer appointments as last year!
today were buying tickets!!!!!!!!!!:D
RT : RT : Watch talk games and more on Gerneration Gamer: Life Plugged In...
I just started. Any recommendations?
holy crap. you are smoking hot.
Found a book on Chip Kidd for $8 at McKay's. I'm a Chip Kidd fan now.
miss ya too Alii! Hope you're good. Come hangout soon!
funny how my baby waves to me after he's been #bfing for at least five minutes.
It takes a boy ro create a baby & a man to raise one
Happy Birthday honey!
Think I'm coming :)
W-Limo launches it's newest promotional campaign "Stab The Cab" to encourage YOU to swap a dodgy cab for a luxury sedan service 847-655-2559
ESPN: I'd rather pass a kidney stone while listening to pitbull than be informed by you about women's sports. Shut the fuck up
Frog and Toad Are More than Friends
Here come the waterworks
well, two days ago technically I guess.
Thanks for including Mandy's #SpiderMan post!
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won’t change. Your approval isn’t needed or wanted.
[5] Israel expels every "settler" & soldier from Gaza (2005) –> Palestinian rocket attacks increase x10, ...
RT : We must stop giving people hell here on earth and then praying they get to heaven
Sean Spence is a very Bad man..Welcome to the Steeler Nation:)
I'm tired of seeing him constantly get hurt..
Thanks to all our new followers! #FF Happy Friday!
Chapter 2012 Page 73 of 366 Snap out of it and go do what needs to be done.
We were honored to have a visit from this week as they bike across country to raise awareness for homeless pets....
RT : Then the next day trying to make Communion for and
I'm sorry sir, I don't understand? Please elaborate :)
So blessed by the people around me. Music & Family
i know my dad said i could have a yard sale at the concert you want to buy a toaster:) .. jk i need to get to work on that!
What is happening?!?! SNL has rocked it 2 weeks in a row! Holy cannoli!!!
“ Can I get a text msg?”
When they knock you down you gotta get back up #TI (but make sure you bob & weave)
forget the wrist injury....look who UNC has to face.
It'd be really awkward to have yoyr tweet retweeted 49 times because then you don't get that cool 50+ retweets.
...2 yrs since Hughes was even remotely good. How much longer are we going to wait?...<Maybe the wait is over?...
I do love Derek Jeter
Haters can eat it for all I care, they dont stop us :-)
easyy give it time
Memphis gonna win this series if CP3 ain't 100%..
what you mean INDY won't be playing the celtics because their on the other side of the bracket
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Wishing you a speedy recovery
Hey Mommy ;) Yeah, I Finally Went To Sleep :) I Listened To Some Songs By The Amazing Group U-Kiss :D I <3 Them So So Much :D
#LLN910 Bottom line: libraries add. We still buy print & add online; QR codes add to visible graphics; chat & SMS supplemnt in-person
Verizon Customer Service: Staffed by Blockheads? You decide!
2 fingers is the limit
Doin me how u bout u gurl
if you're against prostitution- stop sleeping with hookers
omg. they have dora pillow pets? just saw one at the mall!
Hey everybody. Anybody wants a shout out. For our 100th Podcast show?
It may look like chaos, but that's just the theory
RT Don’t always be funny, don’t lose your character.
Professor Renardo Murray, Assistant Director Of Bands Rejoins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston As Adjudicator.
Good company. Thanks for the mention.
who's penis is smaller? Mark Zuckerberg's or 's ?
I hate feeling like this.
how about 5) not having to fly on USAirways to get there?
Got an email from my school today. "Please come to pick up your diploma".... YAY!!!! How sweet it is!
Why isn't #Fringe on ? I forgive, I know it's old one. Just hand it over and no one will get hurt
Well, it's Friday and pay day so I can't complain...good week! How about you?
Sundance Update: Danny Devito just parked me in next to a porta-john.
heyy this is my new twitter :) please follow me back. thanks
YES so happy they renewed show!!! Love it!!
text me back :(
Finally got Billings 3 up and running on my new computer. Yay!
Yeah I understand! At least you have your friends with you though, I gotta look on the bright side.... But there really
It's a beautiful day in Beverly Hills
The same thoughts run thru my head every morning.
Lies Pon Lies ..... ah lie she ah tell lmaoo
Austin Texas friends October 6, support my dear friend, ! He will be blessing y'all! A show you can not afford to miss...
At the IMAX Theater finally gonna see Wrath of the Titans
Have to stay positive...Doing that by surrounding myself with other positive people who are go getters & action takers!
Attending a Free Business Roundtable conducted by SCORE & Capital One Bank Oct 7. 2010-Woodlands scorehouston.org
HELLz YEa I might go c #TheWomanInBlack on FRIDAY #PartyOn!!!!
sure i want to :O what do I have 2 do? and wanna take part too
I need a haircut.
Sin city we goop!
David Freese...the Big Chill
Oh, yea. After that trailer, I had any screening pegged as a suicide mission. Figured it deserved an equally cloying song response
50 cent wings until 7. Come warm up with a rockin HH!
yaya finally finished my project! praise da lord jesus
GRRR SO MAD AT HIM LOVE U BIG SHOW!!!
Whoa, that's a strange policy!
“: Humble yourself & you will be given the world. #TDL” I'm not so sure about that... Sounds good though
Good practice, ready for tomorrow!!
please follow my new account !
One photo 531 out of 1011 from Gypsy Moon Dancers workshop....
Best vodka on the planet. The fact that it's from Alameda just makes it that much cooler.
your son is AMAZING & so INCREDIBLE! 😊 😘 😍 #PSandersGoingBIG #PSandersFansLoveMamaSanders <21
I just talked w the owner of Ben Rich. They showed me an early preview of their new lines (WOW)!
I respect overexcitement! And pooh-poohing a festival lineup is pretty Old Jaded Man of me anyway.
actually the basketball player -- but that's good to know
night twitter:).!.
Much appreciated!
DVR is all set and ready for the new season of - starting tonight!!
Boy: My father's name is LAUGHING and my mother's name is SMILING. Teacher: You must be kidding ? Boy: No,thats my brother.I'm JOKING...*
I wasn't on it at first, but Frank Ocean won me over... The boy is soulful
fuck, the butt of all my jokes is gone...
March 1862... The U.S. government issues paper money for the first time
Apparently April is National Grilled Cheese Month. I now have 24 days worth of celebrating to make up for.
Wrangling up facts for the annual Seminary Fact Book. I like to think of it as a gift to the seminary archivists of the future.
: yeah they did-___- | how many points ?
they won't be as good \m/
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
#Tito #Francona should put Showalter in his place.
New 7 Blue Skies tracks being mixed by Ron St. Germain. Keep an eye out!
He just made my day
Dear diary, a chipmonk asked me my name today, I told him it was a Jo, that lie will haunt me forever.. haha funniest thing xD
lol only because my friends are too dark
Curse you, James Loney!
I have no clue. It was just a wonderful little store nearby. Oh, the candies, candied fruits, & other savory treats. *swoon*
You looked cute from far away.
Glamorama is my all time favorite book. I also liked The Secret History by Donna Tartt, who was friends in college with BEE.
#DEFCON : good talk about cloud services and GPU's for password breaking. If your password is only worth $3 k, keep using 8 characters.
#bruins and pizza with the girlies!!
Raja from drag race is performing at the gay bar next to the theatre in Houston on NYE... May have to stop over!
ellie douglass xx I'm in year 8 an I think u are too x u were wif patsy mulhern xx ur on the other side of the year too mee xx
Yesterday it hit me like a bolt out of the blue: Sigourney Weaver is one of my all time favorite actresses.
Watching Springsteen. All I can think of is, " Hey T.".
Its coming sooner than you think Fanny pack! See you Thursday for the special roll? Haha.
#EricNorthman, Eric and more Eric. and to see what the do with
agreed! Haha classic Indiana! “: Props to Indiana for still having those candy cane striped warm ups.
My dad, who literally threw his tv away when everything went digital, is trying to learn Facebook. This should be interesting.
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!!!
At soundtrack studios w woman at work!!
Just did my bootcamp DVD for the first time in a while and man, I'm embarrassed at my cardio fitness. Damn near died:(
yes it is
Dear God, man. Wth kind of karma is coming at you?
Great news then irritating news, then more great news. First there was a mountain, then there was no mountain, then there is.
'Mad Men' and 'Rubicon'!
Mom question: I'm looking for an indoor place where I can go and let my 7mo old crawl. My living room just not cutting anymore. Any ideas?
Thanks to everyone who participated in out #FollowFriday contest! Winner will be announced soon!
Portland Timbers up 1-0, at 88th minute, over Kansas City.
They say Taylor was a good girl.
Hey Matt, try Las Vegas on the 4th of July. High of 106 today with humidity up quite a bit. 27%. Wally Hanson
Museum fans and visitors! What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media? Reply w/ #musesocial to be part of the convo.
BOO, that stinks RT RT for a free entree at ! It's a shame that we here at the office are ineligible to win :(
Looks like a great oppty to publicly mess with Fox's marketing people, though...
RT : Good morning, all! Say hello to , tweets from the first woman to run for president!
my 5 year old sister just looked at me and said "DANCE MOMS IS ON TONIGHT!"
in an effort to match our entertainment to our current weather conditions and i are enjoying The Donner Party movie
I want to be the guy who places the seal of the Vice President on podiums.
Good show with Irie Sol at the Cabooze tonight. A cool, unique blend of funk, reggae, horn lines, free styling, and beat boxing- Good Times!
The Mission Theatre is not going to know what hit it when School of Rock rocks out to Stevie Wonder in a few months.
Come see me tonight for Bloulevard Wheat Pints for $3...Enjoy our rooftop with DJ AK starting at 9pm.
Just got done with rehearsal.
when is Aries going to find his true soul mate? Success with new LP etc
OMG! Just got a couple of boxes of items donated at the desk. Some real finds and some just fun. 1981 souvenir curling rock personal fave!
Amazing workshop last night Lauren... Thanks for the insights and your passion for acting!
oh :P omfg! Josh's sister just accepted my fb friend request xD
can you say bye-bye Heath Bell?!! I can see him moving on soon...at least he's going to the Rangers...csb
Thinking About You by
poker is like white water rafting. Floating seems like a good plan until you get barreled.
Well then everything is logical fallacy bc no job loss/creation can be permanent on a long enough time frame.
Are u ready for "sustainable development"?
#GrandpaFred Yup. I think it's that Burl Ives thing. What's that? Yeah. That's why. I'm. Doing the uh. Son. Put that on channel one. My hand
i found it. O.M.F.G IT WAS WHEN I WAS 1SIMPSONSYMTOMS. :'O
The new web-based Flickr Uploader is REALLY FAST. 2 videos in under a minute. WOW!
The only two things I buy in party-size: hummus and Jelly Bellys.
What i miss??
Hooray for thunder. Hooray for rain. Hooray for the lighting not really starting until I finished walking home.
YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP HUNGRY, THIRSTY FOR MORE GOD THEN YOU HAD ON YESTERDAY
I can already tell how tonight ends too.
finally realizing that I don't deal well with stupid people. Is that a strength or a weakness though?
Nice! My dad went there too and then worked in Tifton for a while as the Ag Cooperative Extension agent.
immaculate conception lmfaoo
Watching Malcolm X movie.
lol aw....that would be nice. Thank You!
I Love You
No API? What about RSS or badges?
#Thingsbabymamassay IF I CANT HAVE YOU NO ONE CAN.........NIGGA DO YOU KNOW I WILL KILL YOU??......(with a serious face too) smdh
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
All SD hair/makeup artists/teams -- email Sherry for possible work! Must have pro website and pro attitude! sherry
I wanna go swimming ://
yea bra I did..! It was fun too! Thanks for the support cuz!
welcome to Twitter!
Well, it's not like the governor of Florida has any real vested interest in hurricane preparedness.
i do!
Uan gotta lie to me .. But WE going to Raymond graduation ? Cause uan been tryna spend time with a real nigga dawg .
I stick my dick in the naughty place.
RT We're auctioning foursome at Erin Hills for Children's Hospital. As a bonus (or not), I will loop for you. Call 414.799.1965 bid
Hey Katherine - happy to be part of your reading list.
any luck the move?
There are several trains a day!
no not quite lol that sounds like a PA dear
Cheers to peein'
Come find out about us!!!!
For people who decry the unnatural with such vehemence, the Republicans sure hate the natural functions of the human body.
me too , well im at mcdonalds .... but why you home ?
Twitter has so much going on its hard to keep up
Its sad how people can be so ungrateful & they still expect people to keep doin for them. Time for a MAJOR reality check!
lol let me quit... I'm too goofy.
dear Facebook...What gives?? Blocking me from adding people I actually know??!! Sorry everybody..this really sucks.
I'M A BIG TIME BELIEBER.
Our dressing room is the basement at the civic auditorium... Safe to say its EXACTLY like a scene from a horror film...
S/O to Much Love
be quiet Anna! Lol. I only pay $15 a month at my gym.
It's Official - The hashtag for Destination ImagiNation Global Finals 2012 is #IDODI. Please tag DI and Globals related posts w/
“: -- aka Ted Perry from Fox 6 -- will grace The A-List corner of The D-List at 11 a.m.” But listen anyway!
RT Finally awake. Time to walk to el cafe And have an evil fry up. The diet starts Monday. Nowt else to do today.
Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either skin cancer at least once.
Got 12 in a short amount of time!
I cut my court reporting teeth in Miami! Thanks for following.
Ah I'm so sorry I forgot to text you back! It's been such a busy day...
... for 800m Gold
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Kentucky won!!!!!! Yeah buddy! Anthony Davis all day!
Boston>>>>>>>new york>>>>>>los angeles
going to guapo's tonight to get me a sang-arita or two (that exists)
. I didn't think I drank much, but I could've sworn I saw someone in the mirror as we were leaving.
Contrary to what ANYONE says about tonights event NO HOT female will pay any type of cover @ Colony tonight!
I'm great and yourself?
62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar.
Thinking the Brandon Roy autographed shoes will be a big winner for the kids of the foundation. Maybe, too, the Kevin Durant tix
I want to go to hell right now lol
Wondering if your adopted because your the only sexy one in your family.
Live for something larger than yourself, starting today.
I think I have the worst following/followers ratio of anyone on Twitter.
'Ethoipia is the birthplace of coffee and Addis Ababa is a cafe city. People here drink it like they invented it' -Megan Verlee
RT : " I got you something. c: kinda like a late birthday present. (;" I HOPE IT INVOLVES YOUR MOUTH
coptop or die
Hey you, be radical, love your body!
blame the caesars? Sept=7, Nov=9 Dec=10 too But no, Julius &Augustus had to have months of their own...
i'm so tired of these damn blood tests. i've had about 8 in the past week, i went to the doctor 4 times this past week, too.........
Congrats to Dr. William Satuno for his new Maya finds! We can not wait to hear more details.
dirk will outscore lebron tonight... and will be buying me lunch tomorrow!
Yeah! I just made a RT and won. \(^_^)/ I check their twitter account weekly to see if they have any other contests.
Some days I wake up and i just wonder how is it that #unemployment is so high and no one is doing anything about it.
Colorado Authorities carrying out intense ground search for missing balloon boy, "Falcon".
When you like us, our job postings will appear in your news feed, and your friends can see job postings! Help your friends!
“: thanks!!! We appreciate it. From myself and ” totally agree!!
Precious is such an intense movie!
Well my first day was interesting. But of a mental jam with all the info. But that's to be expected initially.
check your stats. Who has better? As of now,
LA folks: "My Life with Carlos" at USC SCA today 2 pm (free admission!) - part of the Politics of Memory on Screen series
X foxtotally X -- I like to watch, though
Im so tired & hungry D: too many projects >_<
omg would watch the heck outta that.
Hi John, Justin here with NBA TV. Do you happen to know in which part of the game the punch took place? Thanks in advance!
congrats on working towards your MS degree...we're all proud of you here at Capella!!! Keep up the great work!
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work hard to get better
Spurs win to take 3-0 series lead over Jazz
those awk sex scenes in movies where everyone is dead silent and you can hear people eating... 
I am really good! How about yourself? Still doing P90X2? Phase 3 here :)
being conceited and knowing that you look good is two totally different things
nice to see you yesterday. Sorry I was rushed. Had a bird to roast. Happy holidays.
Lol was serious when he said he was getting a life
What is your favorite quote? One of mine is: "A room without books is like a body without a soul". ~Cicero
Now following !! ;)
Happy Holidays. :)
That's why I'm so quick to tell somebody to kiss my ass;
Sorry to hear about N'Digo magazine. Guess it's just another sign of the times.
lol that's my sister but she was tweeting our mom's name! :)
. You inspire me!
I woke up this morning thinking about us and I love us :)
I feel sick to my stomach.
Todd Coffey to the disabled list due to a freak injury while doing the truffle shuffle
Why, ? Why take the simple "Single page" link away?
Cousins throws it away. It'll be 3rd-and-3.
Definitely worth exploring. Artists supporting community is great. We like interesting spaces. But we also need support.
Can't wait to meet you this Sunday for the wine tasting session. It will start at 5pm.
wonderful meeting you...send me your recipes!
great week! one issue is the girlfriend is being fucken worthless!
Best Kaleo sermon I've ever heard.
Romance is dead - it was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.
have fun with them ;) and make sure to give them back tomorrow :)
Life can make you BITTER...or it can make BETTER!
Come out to Mingle with Our Mutts today at the new Franklin County Dog Shelter! Mingle with our Mutts is held on the first and third...
With the bff :]
Being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person.
And a special thank you to Daniel Beaujouan for arranging that interview!
Oh, the trash talking begins. More like 3 hrs till a major upset! What section r u in? FYI: Pre-game drinks at UVillage Ram! 5:30
Had a one day workshop at #Temple U. today, wasn't thrilled about it until lunch time. Man, I missed the lunch trucks. Go Owls! & Trucks!
CLO...I <3 it! Thx for following and be sure 2 chk out 4 the latest in marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design!
#takipedenitakipedsdfksdgs what the hell is this? Asksjfdhjerjkfs??
get over it, y'all
Oh my god i can't i need to finish this cd
One hour of sleep for the last day of classes because of an English paper...
RT : #flatirons you don't own your tele # or IP address. But what about its relationship with your identity?
he's really nice.
Already excited!
#WeLoveYouAustin Forever & Always.. ♥
": just being real #CHICAGO is my life and my city" I feel the same way. Follow back
Dinner with my brother at our favorite Indian spot...
Happy Mother's Day! Today we're shooting round 2 of our #summer2012 promo videos. Stay tuned for some sneak peeks!
not, this pizza is pretty great :) and I like greek drama :)
Question 2: [for guys] If you meet a sexy female and when you go back to her place, her house is filthy and disgusting....do you still hit?
just got done cooking
Happy to have #NOTS in #Cleveland! RT : Thanks to for providing info for guest and visitors of NOTS confrence.
Rick Santorum randomly pinches off old peoples oxygen hoses.
The first wave of tsunami hits west coast.
I like 's quote he just posted.
The Roadhouse, #grading, laundry. Less exciting than #radiohead and #MiikeSnow, but not bad.
I'm In the Uk jst for one day who says I'm coming back today rawrr
About to sleep so hard.
Do you want a clue?
Are you still camping out on our bar stool? Glad to hear you dig our beers. Cheers!
That was quite a rainmaker in downtown! Watch for ponding on roads. More storms still building. We are not done yet.
Granola Munchies
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true. ~ Dorothy Parker
the unit is on West Africa and I was planning a "dessert" type project (board game) I am now trying to adjust it to pbl
Where you at I am gone be at Dizzel Crib hit my line we gettin wasted and recording all night till the morning
use a simple BMR calculator to find your BMR, Once found any calories consumed under that # you will lose, over that # will gain
Nice suits! Way to go!
1968 Historical Calendar of the Navajo People. Read it and GetItGone.
We finally fixed the staff page of our website. Check us put at www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
Looking forward to the day!
To adopt kids, foreigners shed live-in tag - Deccan Herald
big vic..im ready when you are..DONT worry about MONEY we r all good fam!!!!y know how we do!!!
cool! exciting, y or coffee!
watching 20/20 "Pet Crazy" showing all the crazy things pets do.... & Giggy the dog.. <3 it! :) so happy!
maybe I have to wait for someone to sign some important papers and then make copies then turn them in. When are you going?
Bahahaha he is from Spain! :p
Speaking of which, we here need to renew our subscription to your Book Series. Will do so promptly!
Tonight Chicago's living up to her nickname.
Iron Man star Justin Bieber but Justin is only in 3 scenes, Justin will be Tony Starks in his teens.
Whether you are a student in Canada, the United States, Europe or Australia, MBA online learning offers you anytime/anywhere convenience
I love the time before and in between the holidays! Inbox down to just 15 emails to follow up on. Nice!
It's actually more fun being sick together! Except, he's super crabby right now. Boys are big babies.
I love you like a love song baby. <3
so you dont hit tha gym no more? and all i need is a purple band and them 115 lbs weight set?
All you #YOLO ass muffuggas don't even know wtf that shit means.. Do your research people! there's nothing (cool) about that shit
Cold. Bored. Hungry. Have homework to do. Need to shower.
I would hope MLS would have better things to do with their time than chase after UK_MLS because of their logo use!
Finished The Hunger Games!
ok good. Nothing violent. Phew!!
That's right. I remember you were at RWA and he cut his hand all up.
thanks friend
Thanks. Am hoping it won't keep me from going, but I really can't plan anything right now. I was so excited too.
Why not take use of sleep mode to earn more time to get your charger.
I love the UC Boulder air quality app's intuitive visual - a cartoon sunflower. Health of the flower represents current air content.
#RnBThrowBacks mint condition - pretty brown eyes
thanks and i hope he does
Eating sushi= classy. Getting it from 7-11=ghetto. #what?!imhungry
RIGHT?!! RT : Why are all you people still watching "Smash"? Don't you have ANYTHING better to do?
Im eating muffins.F4F anyone?
Yes I am too!
Lol. Ive had the free credit report.com song stuck in my head. RT Ive been singing the " hot pocket" commercial song all day
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Watch a heartwarming story of a little girl diagnosed with a brain tumor and the surprise she got from Cops Fighting Cancer. Real-PR-Media
He's a clutch player. It was an epic choke job for sure, but you can't freak out over one. Context needed.
I shall when I'm in #lexvegas. You should name a beer, "Sinking Boat." A crazily hopped IPA, perhaps?
It can be fun to find creative ways to bring old and new tech together in a single activity.
oh hai guise, how you doing.
Test Kitchen tips: Easter egg decorating ideas
": If you met somebodys mother AND father, know they REAL full name & come to family events, your important to them! #fact"
I have a plan I just haven't used it yet
cannot argue that!
Well, yes, in between moments of holding my breath when she's 30 feet in the air for real:)
Oh nothing
I swear i better get #BelieveTour tickets. If i dont, my life will be over
Some artists are horrible live and totally off key. #AMA's
Yup. We're spinning up EC2 as we speak.
That was not what I expected at all
I want more, wanna see it, so I'm asking you tonight! FEMME FATALE
saying "yeah we do know."
Ten percent of Americans 12+ use twitter but 90 percent have heard of it says
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."- Unk
New Bing SERP is clean and simple. Wouldn't be surprised to see Bing go in the Metro direction in the future.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!77
It's such a wonderful thing that people can't read my mind...
It's funny how every one thought the Knicks were gonna be contenders for like a month.
Follow back please??(:
this shyt cray doe low scoring ass game
How do you put tax on holes?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 77F MOSTLY CLOUDY
I love this retro drinking card. Good stuff, Project Cocktail. Good stuff. Happy St. Patrick's weekend!
I'm pretending that everything is great. Pls don't interrupt my performance....ps. This showing is free, but all others will cost you!
I love markers!
Whoa. RIP Davy Jones. People said he monkeyed around, but he was too busy singin’ to put anybody down.
In my head, I hear the voice of Morgan Freeman or Walter Cronkite reading this. Yes, #ihearvoices RT: Live. Love. Texas.
lol I'll write do not understand the question
Happy #CincodeMayo #Baltimore. will be crazy tonight!! Make sure you are there for the biggest party in the city.
Keynote speaker DeeDee Garcia Blase, former Repub activist, helped recall #Arizona senator Russell Pearce, proponent of
Carnival style mini-donuts would be a great addition to the menu!
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day"..<\3
Goose bumps suck.
WHOA. Ellie is Asian. Racism.
Thanks for the RT!
Are you funny? I'm LOL funny. - Sean Brody
I totally agree!!
Where you at? I'm in West LA/Venice
Just started my own blog and I'm quite unsure if I like this website I'm using. Going to test some more. :)
Primo 360 + girls + free wifi = best place to work, ever
Love this crazy show! "Wanted to officially announce to you all that [Rosie Pope's] #pregnantinheels S2 will premiere Tue May 15 at 10p EST"
officially part of
Staying up all night making road trip plans for the #RockyMntnFolksFest! Going better than I thought on short notice, but still a lot to do!
haha so how was your day(:
check us out on groupon
DQC's Amy Guidera Key Successes and Challenges emphasizes lack of empowerment if stakeholders are to make informed decisions
can i hear that "Pauly D" by drink away the pain!!
south Alabama is strongly after White Oaks Levi Yancy
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
This exhibition is a wonderful example of the power of objects to reveal the complex worlds of the past and to make meaningful...
Coming up later today: my review of from our visit Saturday night
I want to be the girl that changed everything, the girl that made a difference, that girl that gave you a story to tell.
check with
like creationism? Or not mentioning homosexuality? Or abstenance only sex ed?
what can we bring?!
At the gym trying to get better
Guiliano Oliviero serving penalty for Hammes, as he is having an injury (arm) attended to
Lol if my girl ever went thru some undercover shit I'd feel special. She might already have tho ? O.o
Rick Moranis looking ass. That's a compliment btw
lol what??? No??? U look 23-24 at least! Well no free shirts for u at the bars in Wrigley in a few weeks haha
Thank you sir for the RT!
No expensive stuff//// all you need is here: www.bluebookbuy.com great info $$$ for yourself
Just watched 's #lifelove&music latest webisode. Definitely bomb!! Her drive gets me more excited about the next album
Knitting problem solved! Now if only I didnt have to do homework all day...
Will we have another report from the saucer tonight?
Mark your calendars for 5/12 - Wild Ride at the Zoo!
Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
So I think I'll be redesigning The Villa web site! The Villa is a great little place for weddings, parties, etc, in midtown Kansas City.
Today is my daughter's Bday! I'm lucky to have her and appreciate and love her immensely!!!!
Working on the t-shirt design. Dave: "maybe we should make Dirty Birds khakis instead?"
young go hard
...Sending light and love to my followers ~ Have a fabulous weekend!.
When girls aren't loyal<<<<<
Last three pages of "One Hundred Years of Solitude" just gave hopelessness to the hopeful. Most powerful words I've read in a while.
Music is my bestfriend, it always knows what to say to make it all okay.
c u spoon:)
that is the real Willie Davis! :)
its great!!! I really like it
Wow just watched my 2 dvr'd shows #personofinterest & #scandal worth staying up late for
Just realized I'll be in Vegas for the FA Cup final.
How many guys do you have to be with before you labeled a whore
RT : Hey ! At the rate libraries r closing, your book club will be the only 1 left! Need your voice!
have you all check out our big brother (he's not our real bro but he is family- all day)
It is so nice to finally get a positive report from the school about my boy. I really needed that.
Take mental reps then go hard in da paint! Take no prisoners!
:O stop that now.. really?
how did I know you would be the first to respond?! Cray cray
Stop interrupting the flow of JVM's interviews
Listen to Froggy 98.3 today for a cut from the Sticker's latest release - mixed at Market Street Sound.
Nice. What exactly is RRCA running?
lol u r always busy! Me? Did nothing today.
Photo shoot today in the Village... if you find us we'll give you free hugs!!
Any ladies interested in being a promotional model? Looking for ladies in your area! Flexible work. Message me 4 details
nun much just working
First a tailgate party after my last shift of work.... now Bar Louie with GCal & :D
So I bought my mom a shirt and she dirtied it by working on the garden. That made me laugh x)
Cbiscuit comes through
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies: Celebs Tweet Condolences
Not yet! But we will soon!
5 ... always a winner
I can't wait to look over these tweets. Wednesday is our all-frosh Model UN with live tweets from using #lmsaun #sschat Join us!
bahahaha. So wrong.
Today's #MarvelMarathon kicked ASS! Thanks go to and for joining us for the AVENGERS prep. Loved it.
Mabey will make a appearance at practice today
it's only natural to do that if you want to show off your Braun.
When One Direction comes on & Jason & I get a SUPER energy bolt to sing THE WHOLE SONG loudly in the car...
Lol, he needs to open his eyes that's for sure
Congratulations to the dancers of the Greater Buffalo Youth Ballet on a beautiful performance of Sleeping Beauty last week!
There's nothing worse than seeing your mom cry :c
I need to go shopping! Care to join me?
word. Oh yeah whats good with thats verse, i was hoping to get on the third verse
lmao its tough
Contacts r a bitch if u don't need to waer them don't they hurt n make ur eyes red no bueno at all I say but that's just me..
Pepper jack burger w/ deep fried pickles on top and fries for $8.29!!
I'll actually be getting paid to do some social media work this summer.
Going on an adventure. Lawlz
Back on Empire Avenue, come invest? (e)602KID Enjoy the weekend!
Just bought new comedy special video and even his confirmation emails are hilarous, he needs to perform live somewhere I"m at
Go Badgers tonight!
Danby Marble Available For Residential And Commercial Construction
You wont believe this unique software to get traffic to your webpage. on.fb.me/nOc1US
good chance they do. But they'll pick the best player available
wishes it was friday
it's never too late!
pretty sure i just ate a bunch of foil #shouldibeworried???
Managing relationships is a large part of working in the community. Prerana Reddy
There are countless children who are doing the right thing...they deserve this happy noise...: )
oh lol I was just wondering
I hate, HATE, when ppl whisper and we can all hear what they're saying. It's so fucking annoying, either shut up or talk normal.
girls with big asses freak me out 2...... lol
Yes, whats your email addy ~ Thanks
your weird ...
2 month check up went good for Jack. He got vaccinations & got some groovy neon band-aids! He's average weight but short! Go figure...
Times square is so beautiful.
- Never too late doll! #TrendsTues is still happening! Love her jewelry! Mixed metals are so hot rt now! xox
and of course G
RT : Java with Steve Stratz from was great. Always nice to hang with someone who _gets_ it. Thx Jeff. Great 2 connect
nite! it's 7 p.m. here right now. :)
i coldent agree more
i gotta learn to read code quick!
they can come to On Deck and wait in line! You were great to me and my friends. People like elevator guy are just creepy..
Being sick really sucks 😷 👎
“: thanks” you're welcome. Everyone please 🙏 for a friend of mine, she cannot find her cat.
To the mall!
haha thank you(:
Gearing up for responsive design class at 10 at #cmsexpo #cmsx. I decided to use deck.js using #CSS3 and #HTML5 for this one. Should be fun!
I can't believe in all the movies I've seen with a genie nobody's ever wished for their clothes to come out of the dryer already folded.
Goodmorning Miss Lady Hope All Is Well ... Passing Thru
sure I got a bunch of pics
Watch #Trueblood with V-Blood and/or Sour Fairy Dust see vblood.com
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(:
Thanks very much! So happy you enjoyed Desperate Housedogs. :-)
WithoutDelayBand.com is up and running in 3 months we wil have the high tech site but for now check it out!
Our pleasure. What a terrific project!
Where is ?
I wish I could drop everything and read too! Thanks for the rt!
Gotta new phone. Same number. Give me yo numba!
brb growing toe-nails a second.
omg I know but it's a bird what are they gonna do and look at that tumblr post about being metal omg
If you're flying AA out of Vegas. Baggage check-in est. 1hr. Use the Sky Caps.
Thanks! Those people like you too.
I hope you're happy with this pain you just put me through. :(
Going real well, how was Vegas over the holidays?
So I guess it isnt a good idea to take Adderal if you plan to sleep
yeah stayed home. woke up feeling worse than yesterday. Right now other than a slight headache... I feel normal
I like my coffee with heavy doses of caffeine in it. That's my only requirement. :)
It's what you do all of the time that counts
thnx again. Looking forward to ur certified app store.
35 cent wings til midnight. Team trivia starts at 8pm
Locked into with and Possibly my favorite hour of the month.
I speak of roti.
Its playing on our lobby - oh wait no its not jk go about your day
I love going to sleep when I've had a great ass day. Sleep is 100% better.
i get major anxiety when i'm in a small place with lots of people
Hello Washington D.C.
need more followers #follow and watch your number of followers increase she #followsback and
Headed to #University Graduation just in time for the hymn ~ICe!
omg me too! olalala ;)
Help for Haiti Auction Item: Own City tickets for the House of Blues starting at $150.00! Let's triple that! Call 781 595 WFNX (9369)!
Man, people in Boston sure do love to smoke cigarettes.
two words "jamaican winters" lol
fuck no we are only friends I'm way beyond gay nigga
follow back pretty lady
what do you want? I'm in Honduras?
Have to start wearing hat, though.
1 of the best songs of 2011 would be #JustCan'tGetEnough That switch up was not a joke.
Haven't slept for two days
I need to be sleep. Gotta wake up at 4
Guys stop hating becuz she met the ICONic Boyz! She did nothing!
VP Jason Anderson now testifying on SD job growth at the Select Committee on Job Creation for the New Economy, chaired by
Dreary rain this Monday morning in DC. Ick. But the good news: #TheBachelorette starts tonight! Can't wait!
Mitt Romney's hair still looks like Paulie Walnuts from the Sopranos.
Each speaker is responsible for posting their own slides. We will try to retweet when a speaker lets us know something is up.
MP Clay will be bringing the most gorgeous clay creations to #CraftinCarnival! Come for the cotton candy & pick up a handmade mug!
Performance golf programs available this Spring. Balancing golf and life. Learn to have better focus, confidence and presence.
OMG CONGRATS! I AM SO PROUD OF YOU!!!!<3
Senior pictures tomorrow! Woohoo :)
I Cried When released the BORN THIS WAY video.
that's what I'm talking about .. Clipper Darrell is the # 1 Clipper fan through thick and thin
Wondering how it took me all these years to realize- the last song my mom ever helped me learn for a show was "Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye"...
kids love them!! .. And adults too! Especially with the smiley faces :)
I'll be curious to know what you think of it. I just made some coffee and started playing it this morning.
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
you got it! i'll text you when i leave.
As you know now, we're not out of the woods yet.
Too much alliteration for me.
#MessageToMyEx thank you for making me stronger
whats up beautiful
A little bleary-eyed after three hours of Khovanschina. One more hour to go.
haha yeah I want to try it but at the same time, I'm scared to. It sounds gross. Lol.
What's this? An early descent to ORD? Never happens.
Hahaha. : hockey sticks are longer than baseballs bats.. you know what else is longer..
My new fav (to hate) is #AmazingRace with the former BigBro team. Her crying-don't know why they dont show him roll his eyes more
AMEN! RT: Own it! RT: A new day means a clean slate, fresh start, new beginning, & a renewed heart. #ClaimIt!
Just Woke Up From A Good Ass Nap Finna Text My Boo=) !
Today I just realized my friend updated her twitter handle. For that, she's my solo #FF. :-)
My life is just one big awkward situation.
Lebron all da way baby MVP Miami heat all day
To all Jewish followers love you all and have a happy new year
you only show up when things are good! What's next for you an appearance at the Kings game? You don't even watch them
I tried Him and I know Him Found Him to be a friend I know too much about Him On Him I can depend Saved my soul made me whole...
Having a few us$100 coupons for Google #adwords, send me a DM to help you have one of them :)
were you there?
Time for
is dying...young
I don't know how XChords will fare against competition in terms of awards, but if there was a 'most personality' award they'd get it fosho
You guys realize that Mitt Romney wants every state to be like North Carolina, right? Help us, , you're our only hope.
Words to live by! RT : just be yourself...
vperryky: Finally heading home after excellent SLA Conference!! Congratulations again to James, Jim & Stacey on their awards! #sla2010 ...
Let's try the No twitter thing for the rest of the day. Goodnight World
Last chapter of the Hunger Games yall!!!
;-) im cool in my office now just trolling and trying to finish my spreadsheet for the week so i can goof off what u been up2
'Tis true! Would also spend more time for a good pint of real ale!
I've had my ups and downs, but i'm happy. Lexi is getting better, and Taylor is still teaching hip-hop. :)
Looks like the Walgreen's on 27th & College might of got robbed. Just 3 snow covered cars in lot, & 2 MPD squads by doors
Looks like there are some seats left here for this free show at the BMA. Get here!
Rodrigo y Gabriela and The Naked & Famous are both playing on Friday night. That is so mean, .
Joey looked at me wiff the saddest face,gave me the biggest hug last night and told me he doesnt want me to go:/
Thank you! We will go there. It'll be awesome!!!!
ain't it lol that shut was funny
Love the MRA family!!!!!
's heart is a stereo. We've all been told repeatedly.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958! Happy Founders Day !
pizza is here! is ready! backbone.js awaits
no its not i just watched that episode... it was heart breaking. The one about the tennis coach...
on triple-d: at nana in chicago. eggs benedict with chorizo/pupusa instead of muffin/ham. yes.
if your not following me your I'm not following you. and all that bull you follow me I follow back most don't follow when you follow them
Trust a credit swaps trader or Romney? Me: guy on Wall Street. (s)he admits to complete selfish entitlement.
Last night >>>>
Happy Batch is at the helm for Steelers. He deserves the start; Ben deserves the rest.
My mouth is on fire from too many cinnamon hearts. #can'tstop
Where did my day go.
Bob Blakley at Gartner, Alessandro Acquisiti at Carnegie Melon both predicting death of authN - facial recognition.
Just sitting here watching a PBS movie. I never I thought I would catch myself doing that . Lol
is describing a boarding school ghost experience!
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you.
Sometimes I wonder where I get this strength from. A womans work.is never done!
do u remember me from October 29th?? ♥
Keep on the look out for new show dates! Much love, Jamface P.S. We're recording new material this upcoming weekend!
Goodbye South Carolina, you'll be missed.
time for sleep
- Worst comes to worst, there's an old Mac in my parents' basement ...
you have no idea. You'll see--you'll see..
I was meant to be a female. Glad to be a guy. I would say fuck my period pads are a waste of money.
Working on story for 11..#Milton Police looking for a woman they say took her preschool age child with her to shoplift from an area Target.
RT : It's registration day. Parties/networking starts this afternoon. has one 4-6
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school dropouts .. but never"hey heres a check for some money to help"
I shall! xD
Let's hope Sodade is o.k. Doesn't look good
My mom just told me that you're my real father.
I've got a lot of stuff to get done today before Diablo I is released and productivity drops to 0.
Already thinking of the weekend!!!
This has turned into a career panel. Sigh...
- No, I love spread offense - I report on all spread offense teams. I think the problem is you don't like Rich Rod.
that's right up there w/reheating fish/seafood in a work microwave. You just don't do that!
im #teamposey oh yeah!
Thanks Stacey...I love yours too!!
On days like these I just want to break down like a toddler, "but my tummy aches!". Ugh, go away stomach pain.
I am 100% against unforeseen circumstances..I want to know before the shit takes place!!!
"Pastas nummmy" at least my son thinks I'm a good cook :)
nobody lol idk why I said it...but do you still need help with it?
Bout to work on my leg sleeve
Mimi Gianopulos, senior from Carnegie Mellon University and semi-finalist, wants to learn Greek someday!
RT if you absolutely love and appreciate the great city of #PITTSBURGH and if you think it is the best city in the United States of America!
you're the best Haleigh!! Glad you like it! :D
IF SHE ALWAYS MAKES YOU OUT TO BE THE PROBLEM THAN DROP HER ASS
OH "just carry the Ten"
A personal #scms12 note: Our panel on "Movie Theaters and Public Space" was changed from Session S11 on Sun morn to Session M7 Sat morn @ 9a
Follow me on Twitter ! Thanks guys .
text me
"If there is something your students should know by now, you need to teach it to them"
goodbye all ;*
can get a shoutout for his game today in playoffs? hes got ultimate #pitcherswag out on the bump
Our Foreclosure Assistance Program helped 350 families keep their homes.Come get assistance in 1 of our program areas!
that Tech N9ne is on another level foreal
what conference is this?
Catch Me Spinning @ OZIO 2nyt with DJ C-Lo...TOP 40 | HOUSE | BACHATA | MERENGUE | SALSA | LETS GO!!
I know!! He didn't even realize it. lol
thank you
Probably one of the best weekends ever. And I went to an aquarium lol
thanks for the RT...Lizzy rule!
Thanks David! I have the art car parade to skate in that day but I will check it out if im not too tired.
Weren't u always following me? lol
Study for SEAM or watch the #preds in the playoffs tonight?
Hm, that sounds scary and frustrating. It's all about the marketing.
Spending my day watching Harry Potter and finishing a project #springbreak?
With bartending and djing, you have at least two good reasons to come out, three if you count drinking.
#GOP #kochbros Konspirators PROVED by allowing Mark Holden, #kochbros Gen Counsel,interview w that "Vultures of a Feather FLOCK'
Absolutely potato pancakes are a must for a fish fry-we'll be adding that search option soon.
you don't know man
love love love...❤
I think Zach from Reed College is going to be stuck with the nickname "Magic Hand" for a while...
Because we need more Shooters in the market than we need games like God of War...?
n bed watchin storm chasers
Thank you. How long have you been on here? How many followers? Could I call you later with a few questions?
he's a funny guy!
lucky my phone died!
I can't believe it's May already!!! Headed to Vegas May 31st-June 4th..For race at ! :) can't wait!!
I like that attitude
My ankle jeans rant/conundrum is going to be the death of me. Should I overcome my hate & get them & roll up? Or get regular ones? SIGH.
They're so cute!
I'm in love with a wing house girl... Whats wrong with me???
“: I'd like to say I love so much right now #stud #toogood #idol” hahaha i love u thomas thanks very much
where did the Dast Cash Go???
Due to scheduling conflicts in the governor's office, the centennial balloon unveiling will now be on June 3rd @ 7am. Our exhibit opens 5/22
I am grateful for every experience.
To the 100 people we turned away last night: we've added a second FrISC Screening! Tomorrow (Sun) 2:30pm @ Friars Club, 57 East 55th.
Definitely post that one!!
Sure. Mark
Watching victorious and I'm sleepy :)
better be!! I'm really hoping tomorrow is the best day ever!! We have 3 weeks. That's all and the best day ever HAS TO HAPPEN!!
Back in Los Angeles :)
#MUCat Garet Marling of ET begins the Summit (officially) with an explanation of Blackboard
Thanks to for the RT!!
You know what would make me feel a lot better? If decided to follow me..
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
A special thanks to Brookfield Self Storage for sponsoring our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!!!
im back
my favorite subject is puss in boots
have a safe journey. :)
Help us, help the American Red Cross! DJ Michaels, Big Mack, & Myself are @ Parena Bread in the Broadmoor Shopping Center. Donate! Donate!
#Heat's got the curse of the Little Bronbino. go #cavs!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
2011 is ending fast! Time to schedule that put-off appointment? Use up the insurance dollars now before they are gone!
Facts: Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
I'm loving these
heading to the Augmented Reality sesh soon.
well THAT just makes me feel even more left out! how'd it go though? did all the ladies throw their panties on stage??
RT I'm skipping down the sidewalks of NYC this morning..it's BEAUTIFUL out!!!!! I'm sure I'll end up tripping at some point.
t you are right. That is horrible, she never should have put those pictures up. Im going to report them as offensive.
have you seen ours??
can't wait until you get to Houston!!!your the best britney your my role model!
thanks so much for the good wishes and have a great holiday!
#1 Don't put anything or anyone before God, seriously Bro he doesn't like that! #GodlyBroTips Exodus 20:3
What's bad for #osama will be good for
Thanks for the RT :) Happy Friday!
YYYYYYYYYYeeeeees“: I love Verne Lundquist. That is all. As you were.”
I'm watching & chatting about #basketballwives - join the conversation at basketballwives.vh1.com
Racecar drivers are taught "do not focus on the wall; focus on the road. If you focus on the wall, you will drive right into it."
and do you know where the Valley is at? Lol
Watch Lindsay Rose on Southland on Tuesday, January 24th at 10 pm!!!!
I ate lunch outside today. Voluntarily. And it was my own idea. Who am I and what have I done with myself?
Happy Fourth Day to us!
and there's Marli Hayes 3rd homerun of the day. Cougars are on a roll!
just wanna see 2nite...doesnt look like that's gonna happen :(
yeah I think you need to change it to an MA in order for it to be accurate...
Thanks for RT'ing my interview
I've heard good things about Trupanion and met the founder. Seems pretty good to me!
Congrats to Wolf & Co for #bbjpacesetters award yet again & loquaciously supporting Boston Police Athl Assn
MONDAY - THURSDAY $7 ADULT CUTS ...$15 "THE WORKS" shampoo +hot rag facial + cut...$5 CHILDRENS CUTS ...757 892 4196 Furious Styles
bed time
difference between you and me is that I am getting paid whole taking pics of my self with my pouty self , get it
About to partake in some Korean BBQ for the first time. I wonder if anybody here will judge me if I lick my fingers?
Thanks for the #FF ! :)
It's so nice outside. Finally cleaning out my car. and fixing the back seat
Hi how are you?I would like to know if there's going to be another #LiveToDance?I still remember D'angelo&Amanda:D great dancers
It seems to me that offers of amnesty will bring an end to the resistance, faster than a reward on
Guy is a national treasure. It's nice to see him working into his eighties(!).
I bet it will be amazing! And of course, I know where you can find even more art ;-)
Just because somebody needs tutoring it doesn't mean they're stupid. Just let them be. Yeah they need extra help..
I have 2 take a one week twitter break because I have to take care of my little siblings and my mom is going back to work for her{C}
get paid ma dude
thanks for spreading the word #SFIMA Summit
haha oh gosh
ya caught us ;)
Let's call out names-names, I hate you more. Let's call our names-names for sure.
SPREAD THE #LOVE!
She's a Non-Mthfukn factor...gn Eve
Good Night Everybody!! #16MillionBritneyArmy #TeamBritney Follow me, I'll follow back I promise! Xoxo! I'm will be back later! Xoxo
tomorrow, April 5
Region Three to help Santa Mission start aquaculture - Stabroek News
that was an excellent period. i am considerably cheered up.
Starbucks. Yum. :)
I just love the soundtrack to Return To Me. Classic
Love is weakest when there is more doubt than trust but LOVE is strongest when we learn to trust in spite of the doubts.
you got it
1st them ppl STILL CALLIN FOR YOU lol they just called N 2 how u been I miss u
aww thanks gorgeous!!
I'm doing a #writingsprint @ the top of the hr for 60min. Who wants to pace me?
New BG,&username(:
Hi Jason, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
OOPS! Re-read your tweet...enjoy your walk with your pet, Katahdin!
Joe Wilson is a hypocrite. Do you not have insurance through the government? Why is good for you, but not the rest of us?
At the All Souls ABRA protest hearing... Gonna be a circus...
Hi there!
me raven got in a lil fight but its coo now
Yes!! Come here now!!
Where do you want to save today? Know any small businesses that could use a boost in sales & revenue with our key tag method?
Love how people are saying the #Rangers haven't played anybody sorry as the 1 seed we get the worst seeds in the playoffs
Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are Mine. ~ Isaiah 43:1
when I have a son he gone have a cute ass name :)
c'mon #ravens and #steelers give us a great show tonight!
David Viscott~ To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
gate agent not having a good day.... How dare I try to get on standby list to catch earlier flight?
dude the new video is fucking sick bro!!! I love it! miss u guys man. bout to retweet the fuck out of it!!
Watching star trek.
Needs to study for environmental science midterm. yay
hey my love I'm a little bit worried bc u didn't tweet me back last time.. R u okay?? Any news?? Love u so much!!!
Have I mentioned how much I don't enjoy waiting on the phone for at least 20 mins to confirm a flight?
Twitter faithful...come enjoy FREE Beer today from 630p-730p!!!! Just post you are here enjoying some free goodness!!!
"Austin is changing." Yeah. He's GROWING UP. (: Making something for US. No. Not US. I meant the MAHOMIES. <3
5 1/2 hours and i will finally get to play modern warfare 2!!! I can't wait!!!
Welcome to twitter Dad! Tweet. Tweet. :)
Did u guys ever hear of the band Shanteclaire, who used to exist in Rancho C?
Don't forget! We have a show on Feb 7th !
getting my positive on thanks to
Pens are scoring at will.
What's that? Someone has defamed the mighty and his TF2 integrity? I SHALL STAND WITH HIM!
hope youre having a great day! Be blessed!
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
Yea! My little one decided he was tired of watching Finding Nemo...#goldrush...We are on with a Longboard island Lager next to me!!!
Yikes! It moved fast through Golden. RT : Batten down the hatches. It looks pretty foreboding in south Denver too.
Tell your boy Juice to smack Chris Paul every time he whines about something tonight.
I been slipping on my twitter game but I'm back now.
today just not my day!
I need a Boyfriend...someone who's honest, loving, & tired of their heart being broken. :P
Peyton Manning chooses Denver Broncos, look for Denver to try and trade Tim Tebow.
Have always loved Tom Gabel and it's only been reinforced now. Hope I someday have that kind of courage when it comes to ANYTHING. Much love
We're excited to be a part of it!
occupywallstreet is on the frontpg of the new york times website
“: Dodgers/Padres. could there be a game with two better team announcers? Vin Scully and Dick Enberg!" J. Coleman is in HOF
Just finished a #WODW2012 site visit at This event is sure to be AWESOME! Can't wait! cc:
Then the silent vicarious followers, that wish they had the fortitude to put it out there..
rough 2 days of travel drama (theft, food poisoning) but that's behind me. good mtgs with partners and riders sat really cheered me up.
Its lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you ;)
I wish I had a freaking date for prom.
It raises expectations for mass; Indiviality, diversity & specialization require new approaches to student-centered learning
Have a nice week!
Thats The Thing I LOVE The Rain <3 I Love That Rainy Type Of Weather. In Florida Its So Hot and Junk. I Hope To Move Someday
Thanks, man. It's awful.
Ate, ran errands, bought rum for mojitos later, and of course-a long night in the studio working. NOW as people start to go out-I take a nap
Ooh I want you, I don't know if I need you but ooh I'd die to find out.
q) What does a palindromist drive? a) a Toyota. [not my invention]
I think I had a dream I went to a SM concert. I could barely see it though. I just remember Siwon...
Hope everyone has a blast at #NJCon this weekend!!
Im so in Love with Mr. Nice Guy & Music Fan First:) Definitely a different type of Dude:) Mesmerizing instrument u got:)
sorry you had a boring day.i had one too. But i was nice to just chill haha. It was just one of those days.prayin 4 you!
How did "there's more than 1 way to skin a cat" become a saying? If you skin cats don't talk about it in public, ever. Also, you & I can ...
Please,follow me :D
Bugs are the most disgusting thing ever #eww 🐛
its not happening
If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk. Robert Baden-Powell
I only know the cartoon. Though I saw a collected hardcover of the first few series', and need to get that.
every go check out , and
XoXo sis!! I know the feeling ... Hang in there! I'm here for ya
#Follow us on Twitter!
oops...what's your psn? x)
So true! RT : Acquiring a dog, may be the only time a person gets to choose a relative.
Morning: Part 2. I feel much heavier now.
After losing contact w/ my best friend of all time, over the past 20-years I jus reconnected on facebook.
I just woke up here. But that doesn't mean I'm lost.
Sometimes we don't need advice. We just need somebody to listen.
Jackie Moon: It feels like I got cat piss in my eyes.
Fuck, I think I lost my mom's ring.
Your favorite! Enjoy.
Teen or twentysomething me would be very confused by how excited I am for this Vikings game. Sorry, young me, you're a pretentious jerk.
I forgot what a great relationship I had built up with both Simon AND Garfunkel...
Vincent is going to see all this shit, thats sad. I SWEAR I HATE SOME OF YOU
i lost 2 followers :( i think im gonna cry myself to sleep ;)
is mr. roboto
Happy Easter everyone I hope u guys had fun with family an friends
2012 need's : One more chance to right a wrong,#5 for My Packers,#8 for My Big Blue and #28 for My Yanks !!!!!
I think should #FollowMe because I know her cousin and hes like one of my best friends lol :))
yes i forget have a good and nice and amazing week end : ).
Very interested in hearing what you find. Any sense of what sample vendors think?
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
an old Beetle Bug(I know it's a weird choice) but it's my dream car:)
Most photographers know little about body language. As I survey law firm web sites the body language in profile pics says the wrong thing
9 holes @ Wellshire Golf this morning...summer is here in Colorado
I have blueberries
I like the new interface
ATL Love is great! Who was the DJ I wonder?
Open hack at 7:30 tonight. Talking about projects. Stop In and join the conversation!
RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
I like how this one song came out and now totally change of mind.
TVD Returns This Thursday and it looks like Damon's chest has #ComeOutToPlay, the
Running the events of last night through my head and imagining them twice as great tomorrow
Bored... lets pc4pc?
so you can fully prepare for all the hugs he gives?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Jake Watermiller ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Flower Mound, TX ⁰Travel Team: Team Celtics 2017 ⁰Small forward 6’0
Spent last night with a Billionaire friend. He just went to work out with Paul McCartney whom I chatted with in the elevator last night.
Jury duty today. Up to 60 days of incarceration & up to $1000 fine 4 folks who don't show. I wish the same penalty applied for not voting.
YEAH! Cabin in the Woods -Are you going to write a review of it? It looks really good!
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We're out of this world!
..... I got nothin to say
Hey you've got a fan! RT mjc I love how excited Ted Davis gets calling a #Bucks game!
If we're the #superior life forms on earth Y is it that animals Can get love right But we can't ?
Awkwardly, random tweet..... Hahaha!
You remind me of a Taylor Swift song.
Are you attending Mifflin?
is picking you to WIN the #PGA Masters. Listen to Jack and take copious notes and you will WIN!
You are lucky to have escaped alive! That beard is legendary in its powers! PS. Brad Says Hi.
Reasons why im weird- my teacher and I make a rap about social studies today
My second period is photography and we have computers & we get out early. I love testing days<3
The problem at least for now is accepting that everyday is going to be hard until I get exactly what I want
Good night Tweet and Face! A new day is on the horizon! Buenas noches & bon nuit.....
It's a great weekend with lot's of fun Weddings and events! Brides @ us your wedding and we will RT you!
I listened to that interview. He called him out several times
Stay Tuned for Customer Appreciation Pricing for LABOR DAY Holiday! Let Us Make Your Campaign FLY!
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing
Blah,blah,blah is all i hear in math clas:\
Just got back from the mall w. ;D
Happy New Year everyone!! May 2012 be the best year ever.
i am expecting higher, depending on last minute news
Ok, well I hope your evening gets better. Sending you a big hug (((((( HUG)))))))
Ben Packard, VP of Responsibility, Starbucks - working on goal to eliminate disposable cups
RT, favorite, and reply like a boss. lets do it every drama!
quite possibly, why in particular?
Trying out something new. Live tweeting a pint. Here goes for @ harmonbrewingco's Pt Defiance IPA. LOTS OF FOAM IN MY MOUTH.
Macy Gray singing a cover of Radiohead's 'Creep' on Letterman. Kinda awesome, actually.
OMG, watching yesterday's Glee. WTH?!? Horrible!
Hi, I was wondering how you feel about YA zombie books?
RT : Barkley just said "I ran a stop sign once and spent the weekend in jail" the. Shaq said "thats because you were drunk"
We winning with our two best scorers shooting 4/16
Welcome baby; i'm making enough money finally. <3 what else can we do? :D
Waiting to hear back about a regional commercial role, fingers crossed.
looks like a hack. Don't touch it.
On the train to New York. Next stop Penn Station.
but how come i tried to dance with my friends tn and roger clocked me so bad i had to leave
regular season means nothing? wow, pretty much the most ignorant comment you've ever said. time for you to do some research.
Correct! Give and take! RT : It's as honorable to sell as it is to buy
I'm at the HSE game &Gary Harris looks like he's playing against JrHigh kids at times But looks pretty lazy on defense at times
Everything has a "like" button these days. I saw one on the Lincoln Memorial just last week.
did you look it up or something? It's my favorite.
Why am I hungry now it's 10 pm, wait, I'm always hungry. 
so I reside on Blake hill now, when we chillin?
Sweet Dreams World! xxoo
well hello there!
I wouldn't not let Alison Brie take me out to dinner.
Zoia Gonzalez opened the door 2 young men seeking asylum @ Peruvian embassy in #Cuba - lead to Mariel boat lift. Her story next week on IAP
Thanks for the #FF!
ur giving me away
& about what these activities and shows tell you about American culture and socialization.
Countdown to the opening of "Can You Walk Away?" - 4 days!
Twitter in the Ed. Comm. is awesome. It's awesome ideas being streamed to you 24/7 (imagination on overdrive)
“: STORY OF MY LIFE! RT “: I promise I'm being haunted!”” 😔
thank you
would be an honor and wish i could go but being a broke filmmaker I gotta save for wireless mics and stuff for my website:/
I'm not moved by what I see, I'm moved by what I know. And I know God put this promise in my heart.
It's been years since I've talked to you/covered JPL but...your sister's in Bleached? Love them!
Who's idea was it to make Fat Alber t a movie? No bueno.
"Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
Brew Tour!
Looking for resources/speakers on deeper learning assessment in higher education. Any ideas?
The greatest strength of the Web is its true nature, the ability to be flexible and adapt.
New book fr "In 50 Years We'll All Be Chicks" great title!!
Thanks for the RT's! Have an awesome day!
Branding is about getting your prospects to see you as the only one that provides a solution to their problem!
Scary movie!!
have no problem sitting behind big donors, have big problems sitting behind people who go to 1 game a year, who made this decision
. Thank you for the support. We appreciate your vote!
Yo, if I come up missing check that bitch's house.....I'm serious
i miss my staten island dude so much. muah
so missing ur stop m yelling 'fuckin son of a cunt' raises a couple of eyebrows .. so fuckin late :(
you don't say. Haha. Shits kinda scary looking. Like it wants to attack you or something. Haha.
Yes!! I wave back to you We miss you!
side braids?
haa i was born in jamaica #watchuthink??
has bobby brown showed up?
Don't miss out on the Sherlock Scavenger Hunt at the LaSalle Branch on April 6th and 7th at 10am!
What code do you need help with?
I was just thinking about you Stay Gold Ponyboy Stay Gold!!!
I have a Skype date with tonight and is out of town :(
Downtown with my parents. Feels like fall today! Its beautiful..
want me to make you a shirt? :)
3 songs and 3 whitney songs in Itunes top 10. Hello.
Sweet! cc - RT : found the location: Space World park
RT : Great people remain the same whether exalted or overlooked~their CHARACTER never varies but improves in all situations.
Theatre should be accessible to all demographics in terms of Ticket Prices. You should come see our play.
Unpacking all the stuff in my new home. One word "WOW" Wonders where I got so much. Have a great day all.
Happy mothers Day !!! :))
Just woke up RAW wake an bake high af GM Twitter Ppl hope all I well an god has bless u in every way an thank u god for today !!!¡
Try saying #adultswimshop.com fast three times
Heading to Chicago this week, then Texas and Washington. Don't miss my Oct 23 date in Berlin, Ohio. Poster on my FB page
FACT: Perry is not the perfect GOP candidate. FACT: He is the best of all of the announced candidates.
Officially on Vacation
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder
Riggins in a loin cloth, ok!
someone was fired at my job, and I was asked by my boss to not repeat it to anyone at work...this is difficult.
Hurray! // RT : finally reserved my dorm room for !
LAX is jammed with College kids sitting all over the ground, I remember those days but no need to repeat
There's days when I wonder if every decision I've made in life was done with a clear mind and using my best judgment o_O
good, cause you about to have some trials..
The Salvation Army's Emergency Disaster Services are on the scene of even the most desperate crises.
There is no better way to start your day than with a walk by a spectacular Lake Como. Glad my walk to the conference hits the lake.
and in the end you were just another let down in my life.
good morning kiss and hug to you my friend! Thanks! Will send waves and pics from the road:)
is thinking about public service because the Florida legislative majority is not doing much to help education.
Lair lair pants on fire!
aghhh me to!
New show date! Sat Mar 17th St. Patrick's Day @ Madison Theater- come get your green beer buzz on!
If you haven't check this brother blow you you're missing something great. Kurt Elling uses his voice like a beauftiful instrument.
so this is where I will now fuck with you from now on.
Going into blockbuster. Wish me luck
but I like the milk and the thirst satisfaction I receive from cereal. 💗I don't really eat toast. French toast yes. 😍
": the REAL Opening Day is tomorrow #Yankees" and so it begins.. lol
Is the main ingredient the first? Water?
bro. I miss you.
Just rocked st Luis on our way to Rockford Illinois!!!!
Many professional speakers overlook this, butspeak with passion & energy, thus raising the energy level in the room.
shiiiit. Josh isn't here either. I gotta do this damn project own my own.
New rule: Web sites cannot put survey requests in front of visitors after only two page views. It's just bad form.
But God forbid I say something during the news.
Things to put in the It's Actually Pretty Good category: Will Ferrell's acting in Everything Must Go and Beck's music in Scott Pilgrim.
ALGELIQUE AND DAVID ARE GONNA BRING IT TONIGHT - BETTER GHET HERE EARLY!!!
Just read that passage by Abrams you highlighted. My only thoughts afterward were: "holy shit."
Can't sleep!!!
haha I literally turn that song off when it comes on, I HATE it
Q: What store in MALL XYZ would you most like your Valentine's gift to come from?
T-shirt order being placed this week then we'll get those monsters shipped! BACK TO THE GRAVE being written ;)
We agree, April!
Laurie Anderson never dissappoints. #Filmmakers Coop
What a loss is #MCA - no more Beastie Boy albums for a guy who grew up a huge fan is equally heartbreaking. Thnx for thoughts!
DJ Pancakes @ 9. Beer + Bourbon shot = $5. All draft beer on special. Late night food menu.
Amare is tough
We certainly do!
The miracle of technology. Early weather warnings saved lives today. A dozen tornados hit N. Texas. No deaths reported. Wow!
Nope. Not okay. Time for some serious conversations before the resentment destroys the relationship. :(
Brown? Whoa. Awesome. Good for you... very, very cool. And yes! Will do!
See ur problem is that u just don't listen, I said say when not "right now". Problem solved no need for slap. LOL :)
just a little that some fags pretending to be me. Lol
I'm with , & tonight. If any of you females got something to say, then say it to me. Guys night out!
carolyn loves me..
Man I am jumpy this morning....Bahahah I blame them scary movie from last night. :3Well shower in a bit then getting ready for the day.Mall!
stop creeping my pictures...
“Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.” — General George Patton
lemme know if you didn't get my txt idk if you got a new number
Don't be one of those assholes giving Bosh shit for missing the game to be there for his family.
My friends are superheroes.
congrats. Now I know who to contact when I get in trouble in Kansas...
When its not quite T-shirt weather but also not quite a sweatshirt/jacket weather<<<
Trivia time! First person to send a message with the right answer wins a free shaker cup! What is one benefit of GNC Total Lean Thermo CLA?
Any artists submitting work to Brucennial 2012, the "less-organized-than-artfully-disorganized" alternative to the Whitney Biennial? DM me.
not tonight. I'm trying to build up a tolerance for my birthday bash on June 16th. I was good all last week.
I never realized I tweeted this much tho... 16,000
ALL RAUTAVAARA ALL THE TIME.
That is because you have good taste in company!
#designstar hello if u r reading this I don't want to watch Kathy on tv! She is fake and has bad designs, and is mean
Thank you so much for giving me that phone! You're so sweet I really appreciate it
If all of ur friends are #shallow don't be calling yourself #deep. birds of a feather flock together.
Today in #thehumanevent: Barthes kills the author, and Anzaldúa remakes her.
no reason a team can't achieve success has achieved. Focus/attn from all levels of school needed.
I love Planet Fitness in Plainfield !
i wonder is Niall loves me.. nope xx
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own .
That'd be the one. I'm just glad no one asked me what it meant.
I think someone is wooing you to get to Pablo. Be careful!
Man I need a mfn Big breasted thick chick soon.. Better yet meet me @ the crib w/ a swisher
Hey, im bored. who are you?
You forgot to list The West Wing this morning as one of the top five tv shows!
Worrying...as always.
I love you guys. RT “: NSW residents: Please report all litter you see to your local police station- #osyd”
you name a day sista!
Uploading the FF5 pix to G+ right now, but not all until tomorrow probably. Add me (Taylor Loftus) :) and i'll post a link tomorrow! <3
We were talking about getting less on by our kids well damn it scared me so bad I think I peed myself
Why not make this Christmas special and make it an Anna Maria Island Christmas? Talk to the family now.
yeah im here
This will not affect his behavior one iota!
Not cool. Not cool at all.
Republican turnout for Nevada caucus down 25%. Mitt "Corporations are People" and Newt "the Lobbiest" would be a great motivational ticket
Fitness is earned, not bestowed - a process, not a magic trick - an investment, not a miracle.
I would support this move, but the cold in Denver will be hard on Manning's robo-neck.
did anyone from your museum participate in the conversation series?
No moving necessary! Remind me to message you about it later - off for a celebratory beer for now!
ignore my updates for a little while; google buzz is syncing with twitter
bahahaha heck No techno! I go out this wknd ;)
Jennifer Love Hewitt likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
U tell em man
can i get a elephant oh wait this isn's farmers inssurance dam.
As in, I am a higher ed admin student but I get the feeling that most of what I do is student services-related.
what's up
Back to reality.
back in my dorm bed. home sweet home for less than 2 months now. crazy!
It was great to begin grappling with (mobile) personal data and privacy issues together back in the day at Yahoo! #pii2012 :-).
- I just got the email about the pop-up shop! That sounds awesome!! We definitely need to talk soon then!
Man, Volstad SUCKS.
I'm your DJ at warrior dash tomorrow! Come find me on the stage and I'll give ya a CD!
Kevin_faulconer mayor & city council should be impeached for failure on public safety!
I don't know if I'm going to miss Dennis, but I'd like to try.
An wtf happened to the new clothes I sent to them...why in the fuck aint none of that shit in they suitcases
Today ● Portraits of Courage: African Americans You Wished You Had Known, 7:30pm – 9:30pm @ Robsham. Examine overlooked African-Americans.
Thank you Lord for my blessings.
Thank you #KEXP for playing Business Time by Flight of the Conchords - totally unexpected, totally awesome, and I'm dying laughing.
I think the girls have learned that "daddy" is spelled "sucker".
thx for the follow, you're #1500! Who knows how many of those are bots, but still cool.
I'm sure. I'd be pissed too! I'll enjoy sitting on the couch watching Parks for you. While Missing You <3
#TwoThingsThatDontMix stupid people and me
Good luck, Ive been trying for two hours and I cant find shit...
I'm surprised I haven't gotten caught yet.
you comin' for the VCU game here??
Happy birthday, Captain Serious. May age make you lighter-hearted.
Twitter is a bit strange.
Show moved to Liquid Smoke tonight in Murfreesboro, TN on 8/18/11. Make sure everyone spreads the word! Music starts around 10ish
see what we are about, have a few fighters from amarillo aswell
losing to Valle? What else is new? :/
& why the fuck is Marvins Room on everytime I turn on the radio lol
you don't give ya mama a gift without a bow
And boom goes the dynamite
Eat there & we'll meet after.
They expelled the hot chick that showed her tits on state street during #projectlex from UK... That's blasphemy
hey, Don't forget to dress up!
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
I hope to see you in more stuff maybe comedys? :)
Here are some guesses for you might see there: Bergesen, Eveland, O'Day, Tillman, Adams, Antonelli, Bell, Mahoney, Miller.
Duke knocks down both free throws, they lead Michigan 73-65.
Yep. Not to mention the recent increase in Twitter spam.
by the garage door!
"I'm tired of reading about other people's private lives, problems and complaints. So I deleted all the women on my Facebook.
hahaha no... BUT. i'm a pretty big fan of impersonating those britsh ppl. quite a jolly good time, chap. =]
So my substitute says she was a extra in a brad pitt movie and he blew her a kiss!
MT : impact of #j202 Last semester, I wouldn't have known most #UWRightNow participants, but now resembles my news feed.<-YES!
Im gettin potbelly when i get uptown.
paint me a picture perfect lie, the truth's already gotten old. why would a prophet even bother to try after watching his god get sold?
packing a shit load of clothes to stay one night at a friends house....
haha good girl
I love all the A guys!! They're always talkative to me. Lol
Excited to see if Jeremy Lin can draw as big of a Chinese crowd as Yi did at the BC.
I do know that the #SEC is supposedly the best conference when talking about football
idk y but i been listen to old songs all day
Perfect morning. Woke up to his kisses, Bomb weather, now my mom's picking me up & imma go get breakfast :) today shall be god.
It's either that or "Xbox controller girl." But I think I like Gorilla girl more.
Looking forward too! (Any chance you brought me a Coffee Crisp? ;-). )
Have you tried our "Admiral" Stache Baltic Porter yet? Get in here and try it now, it's to die for!
We're packed on Friday, but just a few rooms left Thursday night! Do you have a place to stay for the big (huge) #LSUARK game?
were you working with Gregg Romeo? I hope you had a good show <3 bisous
The #dog days of #summer are starting now! Head to the #bagel deli in #Seattle for a $2.50 hot dog and $2 fresh squeezed #lemonade!
Today I was called Milan. I was like, just because im Asian doesn't mean I have to be her! Then I was like, but my dragon and I will kill u.
At the half the #HEAT up by 11 two more boys
I wish people knew what it was like working fast food.. so then maybe they'd stop complaining just a tad.
Wow so you mean without #grindr you actually have to have a social life and talk to people?!
I envision shrieking sopranos in bird outfits being catapulted across the stage...
I say the exact same thing. But I get "wow you are a lot taller in person." Happens all. the. time.
This nigga is dropping me the dopest beats....
Thanks for the #FF love! :)
Our #GSAlumnae say Girl Scouts gave them a strong sense of self and a safe place to grow. What did Girl Scouts do for you?
hitem with the tombstone
THAT made my morning!
Would you ever move back to SD? I tried leaving once but got so homesick it didn't last. lol
Curious how many peeps at #DSUM12 use ?
oh wow! idk whether to be excited or nervous about watching!
Getting on a plane headed to NYC never gets old
nice to meet you too :)
I think your digital potluck should combine tasty dishes together in the spirit a mashup.
your tweets look so much butter when using the new ip*d!
I've seen 4 seperate grown men on razor scooters today. What gives?
No, WICKED good. Not just good.
haha i got you
Jack Black is the Truth and I love watching birds
"dance dance like it's the last last night of your life life." so does that mean I dance like I'm on a hospital bed?
I love how Steve Novak is proving "the belt" is community property ever since Eli & the Giants BURNED down Lambeau.
Thanks for the tip. We'll take a look!
great show today! I've been missing good puck talk on my commute. Look forward to following all season.
Just now: Nomad announces to office - "I quit my job!" And receives high fives from everyone.
Awesome web site! Does make for great reading!
prove it!
I love how u guys reply & keepin touch with ur fans unlike other hot celebs out there.U guys seem real.PLZ reply,it make me happy
IS YOU WANT ME TO RT YOU LET ME KNOW NOW.
hang with my friends
They are complementary. Which is the problem with the rhetoric. Each provide different options for different people.
Is it me? Or have and gotten sexier???? I think the tuxedoes have something to do with it... #GoldenGlobes <3
go for it! It was nice meeting u at the #sxtxsw session!
spring cleaning..... bo
RT : Please watch & RT the amazing “America's Got Talent” audition video of a young Autistic singer:...
Congrats on Austyn Rose
Indeed! Yo, is the show running now?
If you aren't doing what you love, then you are fighting the universe. Surrender to your calling.
Finishing up my first week at the IU East Library!!!
I do what I want... people are hypocrites anyway so i don't care.
Our President Aparajitha Vadlamannati: "Thank you to all of our participants, attendees, panelists, and twitter friends, near and far!"
IE10 Platform Preview - Like Woe (woo)
Oh my goodness... in the SNL digital short... Bahahaha :D
Congrats to & too! If our teams couldn't win, at least #KY pulled it out for us to win the pool!
That shouldn't be a shock she didnt want u 2 beat her up lol
im soo scared please tell people to pray
Getting all of my sweet 16 pictures tonight
Did I mention all for free? Maybe that means I need a wife?
I refuse to see battleship because Rihanna is in it.... like she's a singer not an actress. I can't take her seriously.
Next up: Mark Byron, Revision and Narrative Structure in Beckett's "Watt"
I love when it rains at night. It's the perfect time to clear my head and think. Sitting on the deck thinking about everything.
releases that 77% of those surveyed in 2012 preferred Email for promotional messaging
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself
Don't forget- not only does Gumer sell jewelry, but we also offer jewelry repair services!
beat go hard bro Yahhhhh
yeah yeah. And of course he fell off the face of the earth.
I hate when I hear girls say I'm fat like no your not okay #fuckthebullshit \waving hamds/
Wahhhh arianna is leaving with her dad 😪
Ed Hardy energy drink...for when your thirst needs to be douchey too.
Accidentally making eye contact with the same person like 5 times. 0_0
I'll see what i'm doinnn!
lol no spoilage. Looking forward to getting home to watch #WalkingDead sad I'm on a date thinking of zombies
ready for this week to be over
on their job.... Straight stuntin getting their twitter poppin...
We've officially decided to rename Jenga, "Someone Else Fuck This Up."
": I quit cigs tho three months tomorrow yeah bitches"// props brotha I cant even do it!
ha! I read the law and thanked him for the info -- he didn't even say you're welcome -- rude a$$ :)
there will be a day when the burdens of this place will be no more, we'll see Jesus face-to-face <3
isn't it? He said he can't even stand the smell of it. Still, owls are not what they seem for sure. That's a guaranteed fact.
Happy holidays to all of our followers!
Give me 3 wishes..I wish I wish I wish u would bitch
Who wins by killing Medicare? Not seniors. Not politicians. So why are folks on both sides of the aisle flocking to ?
Rocket95.1 played ur tebowie this am. LOVED IT! Been a huge fan since ur early SNL days! Plans for a new comedy album?
misses you too sweetheart ❤
Thank u so much 4 following! Sharing #experience, #strength & #hope with others. Create a wonderful Friday!
All I have to say is MDNA baby!!!!
Ok even the 60 yet olds here aren't eating am I lame yet?
with gresham out, would you start Beck or Smith over Dalton now? How about J. Simpson over Antonio Brown
it's windy af and these ppl still come... 😡😠😡😠
Welcome to our newest The EuroConnect Committee member.. Teun Kras, of the Netherlands! He's working here for Cargill for a spell.
Hope you got your tix to see at the LC tonight, 7p because this show is SOLD OUT!
S/o to our new followers!!!! Company's, artists, labels, models and candidates! We welcome all networking opportunities!
A part-time job I'll give myself over the summer is to look at Shirley Clarke's papers at the Center for Film and Theater Research.
One square inch
Oh, please! Make it Merkel!
But I have a cramp! ;D
Go Sox, Bulls, and Blackhawks!! Great night to be a sports fan!
Wana cry myself ta sleep !
If heads could explode from headaches mine would've done it an hour ago and 10 times since
#YEE got 2 more followers just need 8 more
Watching the finches taunt my cat is hilarious!
Oh, that is too bad. I just stare at their lips and ignore giant puppets etc., it's too disturbing otherwise.
Good idea! I'll sell it at Hot Topic and Spencer's and make millions!
#Occupy going strong.
Did you make coed?
done and done.
Had an awesome time at the Write On awards today! Congrats to the winners!
Yeah same here. RT : I could live my life in the Cabela's gun library.
Creating a really cool stop-motion video.
i don't either.(:
You have 2 faces even when my glasses are on.
come on out to PK lake
Waiting in the long queue for #chi2012 madness. I'm #96. What's the visual equivalent of a palindrome? (see 96)
OK, Charles Barkley is done and so am I. Good night to all and Happy Mother's Day.
to be FAIR, i left your ass out of it.. lol
Fun to watch the fellas take trees down. Not going to miss that gum tree one bit. Let the renovation begin.
did cleaning get the best if ??
- I work at a small winery as well - from one little fish to another ~ Cheers!
Just hit the lines limit on excel for the first time. Definitely the number one highlight of my auditor career.
Were the women you slept with worth the loss of your family & your golf game? Do you agree that your slump is a direct result.
Apparently three steps with the ball is not a catch. If this happened at midfield would be a catch and fumble.
what's up, Mardi! lol how are you?!
so is his face.
You're followers are your family. I follow you. Therefore, I'm your family. Can you follow your family? (: haha
ma parents wont let me.......WAHHHHHHHHHH
note to self: more vegetables... less red meat...
Didn't go bl fri shopping.Took a walk with gchildren while moms made cookie dough & we all baked them. Um. Shopping starts tomorrow!
Book your next event with us! or contact
#WeAllNeed somebody to lean on. :D
RT : "Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known."- Chuck Palahniuk
Tomorrow is Wednesday:)
Sittin here watching a #reallydumb movie in geography
be safe and document. creepy.
Knew the Manning release was coming, but still shocked. I think Miami leads the pack but watch out for Jets via the Tom Moore connection.
Did you get your iPad help?
Thank you for RT Jeff- have a good week
that's why I'm moving there in July. Can't wait
Do you believe in roleplaying Z1, Z2, or one life, one love?
It looks like our Twitter has been hacked. Please do not open any links sent by us until further notice. Thanks for your patience!
R.I.P. Betty Ford
I dated a guy who had balls so big that I could do ab work on them.
Lunch Entrees - GRILLED FILET MIGNON 8oz filet, mashed red bliss potato, grilled asparagus, red wine tarragon butter
“: Happy mothers' day to all of you awesome mamma's out there!”
Thanks to my new followers! Thanks for following, #internetmayham, #centeredinabq and #bizinvesting!
I spent all my time trying not to lose control
What kind of bath can you take without water?A sun bath.
I used to travel all over to photograph & write about my experiences w/ live music. Slept on couches, in my car, kept a budget.
Nice job P1 in final warm up and only few laps after 2 reds. Also best Lotus engine in field.
Twitter locational weirdness of the day: your location shows up in TweetDeck as Japan.
I'm watching the Real Housewives and is HOT! All the other bitches must be jealous!
Hahahahahahha. We have the best can driver in the entire world. Its like a comedy show on the way to the airport.
If you are planning about opening a clothing store, then consider the location
haha very delirious!!!
I was actually talking about RT *jumps up and down* ME! ME! ME!
Franklin comes alive!
Yup. Beware, most of the Highlander sequels sucked, although the third film sucked least.
"Are you out of your Vulcan mind‽"
Hi Glenn Good to hear You can go back to hot fudge sundies
r u the dude on worldstar? That I was talking to? Pop master fable?
Big Macs have a secret sauce on them. HM, I really wonder where that sauce comes from....why the big secret?
Smart of Best Buy to use digital icons when the name of the game is attempt to get commercials viral.
In Indiana tonight, Chicago tomorrow. Route 66 trip officially begins on Saturday.
the new twilight needs to come out already
My Gf Talking To Me Cute In English,Spanish & FRENCH <3 Shieett Your Gf Cant Even Speak English Right.
Super excited to attend #oii10 opening with a stellar lineup of speakers & Lisa Nakamura
still sad but changing mind now im watching ghost adventures
Off to work!!
Right now I'm pretty much at the point where I don't even know what I'm writing anymore.
Christmas with mom on the ranch. Had to ask about her new lasso. Now shes running around the party roping all the guest. Thk you boonesfarm
thanks boo :)
Get out and do something!
I like Reynolds
I have no doubt you will :)
Daughter tells me main character in story she's telling is too old to have an exact age -- maybe 10, maybe 11...
Will release low-bandwidth version to the general public? Very frustrating when I am at a WiFi hotspot and call is choppy or delayed.
All Types Check Me Out At Soundclick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat I Also Do Custom Beats Jus Email Me At With A Request
Don't worry Justin, I only repost links in social media if I'm genuinely interested. Was just crazy that app got so many followers!
thanks buddy. Just been a very trying week mentally.
thanks for the #ff love!
Illinois Gov Quinn #EdShow “we believe in our workers”. Sure wish Gov Walker thought that way.
Right now, focused on internal speed networking via video. All within the organization. Eventually beyond the org.
Safe to say I'm pretty affectionate but if I don't know you nigga don't touch me ✋
Team Paul! On a non-political note, I can't wait for tonight's #topchef episode featuring
At work SUPER early, shift dnt start til 8 !
cherrios breakfast of champions
Listening is the most valuable tool online. Solid advice
#IDontHaveTimeFor the beautiful weather today thanks to all my #libraryschool work but at least i'm working next to an open window!
i bet we can play your favorite holiday songs-- let us entertain your holiday events! www.supertonicstringquartet.com
o im liking 40's hair rn :-)
Haha ikr u hooked me up RT : How the fuck did get drunk ln n not buy one drink...oh yea cuz of me!!
New TV Network in Hollywood Florida needs talent all ages for TV Film Print email can not fill jobs fast enough
I want to read it :)
More than just an education, its a way of life
Great people do not dwell on the fears they face, they act in spite of it. In everything you do have a choice. Choose to exercise it.
ask bout me bro check my resume
Here's the thing abt having 1.5 hrs of sleep in the past 48 hrs. It shifts one's priorities dramatically.
He's lost control of players and fans.
Francis Edwards~ Alls fair in love and war.
Gorgeous weather for enjoying a nice dinner on the patio of an Italian bistro.
Everybody should go follow because he's amazingg(:
Boutta pop some popcorn and reside to my room for the night.
PR firm in the Financial District , thanks for being helpful!
Shout out to my new buddy
Go Tora Bright!
Do you guys have any good psychological thrillers?
"Too many things held precious, too many things held dear; That's what I hate, that's what I fear." ::lisa loeb::it's over::
Congratulations! Good work!
I know what your saying. I feel the same way.
I wanna be someones first choice. -Something Borrowed
happy Holidays my bro!
GET A GOOGLE ACCOUNT!! :)
Keep trying. The fact is history will judge you for your bigotry.
And he's like in love with her and will do anything for her, but she just tortures him and fucks with his heart.
That letter looks really cool. Wish I had one!
I'm getting tired of yelling at my television while watching SNL.
the lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
Available now for #free. A-Town Veteran by Cole Hart.#ebook #Streetlit .
Good Morning to you too!
If everyone around you fake you must be the fakest
on our way!
Via #PCUS: There are plans to eliminate face-to-face lectures at making room for active learning in the classroom!
. I await our imminent meeting with JOYOUS ANTICIPATION! *hides pigeons up sleeves in preparation for dramatic entrance*
Star Wars theme on the GPS. Yoda says, "Turn left in 400 yards. Do or do not, there is no try."
Didn't we drink the Maibock a few weeks ago?
my teacher made me sit in the corner for the entire period because i was sick. WHAT A SICK BITCH RIGHT? lol.
What's your favorite free #mindmapping tool?
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
RT : We had a great time at #SOBEWFF Thank you
i hope you meant S Cats, Cats, Cats! #can'twinscrippsspellingbee
Back to this script!
": Dont expect to find the right person if you arent willing to let the wrong one go."
I found you on twitter now new neighbor!!
Only 20% left of ULYSSES. There are books that are enjoyable, and those that are experiences. This is certainly an experience. Good times.
What a terrible influence you are! Kidding! I'm sure it's easy to pick up on when you're around it
I LOVE THE ROMEO AND JULIET WITH LEONARDO DICAPRIO IN IT. ITS JUST AMAZING .
thanks for the #guitarlessons can power chords be triads?
You are beyond gorgeous and have an incredible voice. Thanks for following me. (:
Just because someone correctly identifies a problem does not mean that their solution is correct.
yes, now time to tackle all the grading!
finally off my feet. Im so lazy
well. it's YOUR silly riddle. (Why. Is a raven. Like a writing desk?)
Dont depend too much on anyone in this world. Because even your own shadow leaves you in the darkness.
#blackparentquotes Your daddy wasn't a glass maker, I thought he had a secret job because that was all she would say about his job lol
wait , did you sit in the section 215 ?! Thanks btw ! x
I thinks my older 11yo son has #ODD on top of his #ADHD plus #anxiety but how do I fix this? Drs we hav seen want to giv pills
Great vid - I know my sis in DC is super excited. Congrats on your big day to come.
I'm not saying the Yankees didn't care about this game, but I'm pretty sure I could hit a home run off Scott Proctor.
Working on backup system
I think the fact that he is "Brett Lawrie" (complete with questionable antics) just makes it over the top.Hes an...interesting guy
man i love you but u didn't follow me on my birthday
get on with this one Kate, Kim Kardashian says you are in no way more Beautiful than she is, says ur just another bleached blonde
It's not that I hate mornings. It's just that I'd wish they'd happen without me.
To all the lucky SLPeeps going to ASHA Convention in Philly, enjoy the learning, the camaradarie and the exhibit hall!!
it's the person who makes the shower hot for you so you don't have to wait for it to heat up! Lol
Great! Look forward to it!
A couple that's wanted to go to our party for 2 years is finally attending tonight to see
Just got off work... 'Bout to lay down for a few hours then go see my favorite 6 year old... My Pipster
bout to Tra La LA!
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem. ~Edward Abbey
Um Did you get that picture with Prodigy ! ? NOT! hahahahahahahaha
U won't be last babes
Also for more insight and details about beats and studio sessions hit up FME manager or me and follow us, we also follow back!
Back from school and tired
Our gas prices have gone down here. Bet the GOP is saying it's Obama's fault
I hate hw!
I don't know if we're dead yet, but public apathy and/or ignorance are trying awfully hard to kill us off!
My 3 day weekend has begun!
Someone needs to start a fan club for his wife. She's a keeper!!
Spring break, so Rio's home. Just asked her if she was afraid of Amazon. A: "Nothing scares me except for dangerous animals."
THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND IT'S ALL PART OF THE MASTER PLAN
Who do you think the Seattle Seahawks should pick with the 12th overall selection in the NFL Draft?
Wasted memories
#Snickers. Hello ;-)
Thanks! I didn't know what was going on. Lol it sounded like water was on the audio.
huge fan of tom! please follow bak?
is cheering for you! Have fun out there!
Yay for Spring!
RT boys* #TurnOff Girls who smoke cigarettes <<<<
where are you transferring?
lets all listen to classic rock on sunny days.
Love seeing you here more! Thanks for coming!
interesting menu item, but I would never buy it
28 days of history makers...phoenomenal speakers like and host
Works going by so quick,
: They very well might! But will pirates appreciate it too? We have to worry about spending years on a book only to see it stolen.
just what the world needs - more jowls of disinterest.
I should be killed, but I make my 4 yr old plank & owl for facebook photos... Its kinda funny
why is #walkingdead so damn addicting
Just got back from shopping i kno i went ghost for lil min. but im back :)
you coming to Indy for SB? Want to try curling if so?
I learned today that there's nothing virtuous or convenient about owning rain gear and then not wearing it.
Thanks for the info....was wondering same thing. Never to old to learn!!!!
spending most of the day inside, watching the gloom, and writing some music! :)
150K raised last year for CF, let's top that this year!
Late night snack at Denny's yay!
Great day in the parking world. Very proud of my Ace Team in New Orleans opening up our new partnership the Marriott hotel in the Big Easy.
thanks for posting... very inspirational... need to start reading my horoscope. Tomorrow's my birthday. When's yours?
Quick Fact: The biggest known unpaid tab at a strip club belonged to a Missouri man by the name of Robert McCormack. The bill? $241,000
Rain delay = more time to drink and talk
What is your experience with hunger and poverty?
Well that was awkward
Living room yoga. It is the best with just carpet beneath your feet and Radiohead in the air.
Dang thats awesome
I keep thinking about Meryl's Oscar speech - and how we all need to thank the community of actors that helped us get to where we are.
its time to take my ass to bed
yehess! Basketball buddies! Casual clothes! I'm so in. They could have a spin-off.
Eating fried bananas ^.^
I'd be willing to assist with organizing such a thingy
HUGE CONGRATS to my wonderful sister and brother-in-law on their new little bundle of boy-joy: Landen Gard!!!! ~Welcome to the family!!:) xo
Trying to figure out what to do with the rest of my life....
I'm down!
R U kidding?! I invented the Dougie and I'm only too happy for the opportunity to perform it.
that's why I never go to libraries
#YouKnowYourAPotHead when you find nuggs in your shoes!
i know! Ahahahaha oops. Oh well...YOLO ;)
heading to Rehomoth! Wearing my thong! ready to pig party!
there needs to be a part 2 of shaun and/or hot fuzz please!!!!
very cool!
Opened utg with AKo to 350. Late pos 3-bet to 22k all-in. Sigh. I folded of course.
Digital marketing
a milestone for your pup. Better hide your shoes!
That was totally for you. :) "Everybody thinks they know what a (good) test looks like because they've taken one."
everything gonna be alright, just believe it and pray #TSS (via: )
On track for a record day of visits for - Anyone know why?
I was watching Millionaire and I knew the million dollar question and the guy didnt!
#thingspeopleshouldnotdo Not be on that #bartab hype!
I LOVE Pretty Girl Rock! It's such a great song!
S.U.F.I - Space Understanding and Flight Initiative
A&M Rosami's Grand Opening right now happening, Come and Join us, we have a big surprise ! 575 Keystone AV. by the Save Mart ,see you all !
WHY IS DEXTER NOT ON NETFLIX. Finally want to watch it and this is what happens
same of u.
not anywhere particular, but we've only been looking for 2 days. Have seen people say stay away from MD side. not true?
I got these two people and who really thinks ur corny smh people these days lol
so sick...
Hey, that's cool, don't you know run for that or anything.
would be a lot of work but I can get it done.
I graduate tomorrow. OMG.
Bout to escape from this class! This sub trippin!
Me too. I hate how often people flake. Too bad it wont be the last time either.
I think that's shortsighted. Just cause the va (where my wife is an rn) can be lacking doesnt mean unihealthcare has to be bad.
Back from travel again...hope everyone is having a great
was that an incorrect statement?
Just close your eyes You'll be alright Come morning light,You and I'll be safe & sound...
Statistics are like a bikini; what is revealed is interesting, but what is concealed is crucial. -A.R. Feinstein.
RT : RT : A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products & services available to consumers
you already have one
"On any given day, 1% of internet users are using these services." Pew report on the use of tools like Foursquare or Gowalla
Haven't had the chance to get on Twitter until just now. The Jeremy Lin story. WOW. The overnight package wrote itself.
Happy Easter to those who celebrate! Enjoy this beautiful Sunday!
knows it's officially spring because the produce stand is back out on library mall!
good good *nods my head approvingly*
Hello September, Goodbye August, up yours Wintertime, don't eat Sawdust!!! just a tip there for you, it's very dry!
“: This was hysterical ->Obama pwns Trump is.gd/ph6S53
How are you going to hate me because my marketing prices are lower than yours????
Energy drinks r extremely unhealthy. If people only new that fresh fruits & vegetables provide enough energy.
Does #reallysimplestatistics take requests? Any wise words about multicollinearity?
Indian oscars next girl
Clock is ticking. Don't miss Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty @ the Metropolitan Museum of Art (NYC). Runs through July 31st.
Awesome! RT : The owner of , just followed me and RT'd me, so yeah, my day was just made.
Show tonight at the Refuge. Come out. All proceeds go to the family of Baby Bethany to support them in this time of hardship. Come out. AE
Dang, I need her to lay off the steroids seriously
it's news to the casual fan, not the die-hards.
yes! i was just about to tell you
I'm scheduling you to be on our Quadrophenia episode, btw.
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you have a great start to your week!!!!!
Got & on my radio for the commute to work!
Your booty got me lost like nemo.
Thanks for re-tweeting my information. Hope to work with you soon.
what is wrong with these people? Candy AND ghostbusters? What's a librarian to do?
thinking about throwing some js/node/socket/redis at making a web ui for watching crawl state/logs
“: Two passes...no drops....” but were they caught?
You are so brave
Hey Hey Hey!!!!
I'm scouting location for a People Magazine cover shoot on Monday. I need a green back ground with Blue skies above. Anyone got ideas?
Almost finished ah
Looks like a Severe T-Storm Watch may be possible over the DC area up through PA this afternoon. Stay safe!
Our modern leaders seem to be unable to discern between root causes and symptoms. Trimming branches might get votes, but false sense of cure
Thanks to everyone who came out on our acoustic adventure. See you soon :)
Strange African fruit draws Penises on Everybodys Face while they're Sleeping
I was waiting for people to come get me or get me info for the place I was supposed to stay at, no one ever got back. :/
Lost a heartbreaker last week.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !! Thanks for being an amazing and fun second mom to me whenever we hanged out. I love you very much :)
Crying my eyes out ... 
RT : I always text at the rudest hours. He's going to cuss me out one of these mornings lol<#ignorantass lol
Pumped to talk abt today for the Symposium on 4/4
that's right!! I'll be there and expect you to be off crunches!!
The only required book for one of my classes is The Hunger Games!
Sorry American Football speak, Pats as in Patriots lol x
A pig's orgasm lasts up to 35 minutes!!
And here come the tears... Great
: #YOLO Y=You O=Only L=Love O=One Direction! Soo true haha;)
Come on !! I love the #masters. Always worth watching.
Rg3 and childish gambino soundtrack? Thanks
Headed to the state convention in Pueblo!!
it was joke make.me cut u
That's neat.
It won't let me have it Justin!!!:(
Susan Hildreth: Local content is important - what is local and special in our communities?
So thankful for child-eating whales today. You have NO idea.
If the Sharks don't qualify for the playoffs or (if they do) push all the way to the finals, is this team coming to an end?
I try to do my english homework and i end up watching jenna marbles
Can we now shut up about Straponburg bo?
What did he rip up this time? RT : Kurt Busch was interesting today.
Awesome presentation from PCPL TAG coordinators and their teens for their session ! Way to do sweet community engagement!
Common sense should have told me he'd be in Boston. Sigh.
“: . Who got that $1B again? You still haven't named a single company...” Oh, then it didn't happen? Ok
Actually! I need to test strawberry rhubarb for next week, so I can bring the test to the pie party!
waiting for Georgia to get out of dance practice
Nick!!!! Chillin Fam :) How are you?!
RT is looking for a Sr level Exchange Engineer in Richmond, Va. Excellent compensation package!
Nice, i like my bitches big! RT : now me and my amstaff bitch will protect you from bath! :D
yo Marty! everyting bless man? long time no see
on Jeopardy, hands down. Alex Trebek. It's the only game show that allows a brain !
I need more friends
Take charge of your Financial Future - Dave Wozniak
Tough loss lets head to Colorado and get a win.
Because his little wife thingy is.. Well not too nice :b
bored watchin tv wishin he would txt me
love you guys!!!
How about those first place Red Bulls?
I've been trying ALL DAY ! and so far it's been an amazing Day ! Please make it beyond amazing by following back please !
Oh ok lol
America loves you Heal up and bring home some golden hardware in '12!
I'm from Detroit
lmao that will be me Monday when I have to make all the stuff up..
We're getting geared up to Open Soon....lots to share....lots to TWEET!
A girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none. - Marilyn Monroe
no problem! It was good seeing u sweetie!
passwords... sigh. me, too.
will do...thanks
. to clarify, "pork sword" was never on the table.
My mind can only project a small limited idea of what I am capable of-based on past experience. I let go of listening to my limited mind.
If u know me u know im often goofy n sarcastic. Im a loyal lover n i set goals n work hard. I can def b quiet but i prefer to laugh n talk
we love you more. :-)
Y u unfollow me
5/5 plo cash game this is a sick game!
The Facebook iPad app is up and available. What do you think?
So ....how u doin!! cant wait to see you on iCarly and SNL tonight!!! #BIGFAN <3
Apparently a huge crowd trying to listen online to you also because the SiriusXM player will not load!
MyersRVCenter thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Today is a new day! New beginnings are in store for us!
RT : The great thing about a smile is that when you give one away you almost always get one in return!
thank you!
If you're willing to stand at a poll on May 8th and hold a Lugar for Congress sign, send us an email at
That annoying moment when you think you'll have the house to yourself for the night and then your parents don't go out.I miss my dorm.
enjoyed that smash mouth hit you put on the Gator today.
If you ain't texted me in a couple of days, I'll get the memo!
Can't wait to christmas shop ! For myself !
i saw your work on vimeo! great stuff!
This Friday at belle isle brewery
The #Heat are doing there thing!
Too.much.shopping.today. #exhausted Also, Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo even better second time around!
Goodmorning.. Its 7:24am here. I should sleep now.
Whether you are asking for help from a #charity or #donating, make sure it is #legit before you give your information.
Good Tuesday!
We have two strong 1-3NLH games going with two seats open. Come on over to get in on the action!
Lots of #cunyevents today! Which one(s) did you go to?
: Did you flush a #Wisconsin toilet on average of once per day in 2011? We want to count your jobs, 365 times!
Premising muslims should be profiled as anti-American is inaccurate in or out of context.
gave impassioned, articulate response about need to found digital society and economy on empowered digital individual
RT I #votesmart by not buying into lesser-of-two-evils fear-mongering propaganda
i feel horrible
RT : "Don't sign up to work for someone whose values aren't true to you." - Maria Shriver
good morning, everyone!! I have been up since 5:30!!
I be on.that elite shit, that hbk heart break k freak shit .....I beat the p upppppppppuppppp....50 ¢ killed it....
#MyPastRelationships minus one were all bullshit !
I am officially in love. 💜
Great, see you at the front desk at 12:30!
i'm so in need of a celebration
its cute when i make u drool !!!
Surveillance video shows suspect robbing dollar store in NE Harris County - KHOU (blog)
I was just walking listening to Empire of the Sun's Walking on a Dream, & a bug flew in my mouth.
Today I published Content on , attempting to use Timeline in a narrative, humorous way. deleted the content three times.
Apparently I'm supposed to call Freddie "Big Nig" and I'm "Wiglet" now... :'D.
Congrats to employee for winning Battledecks this morning! Great work!
Funny: Amazon doesn't differentiate btwn me & Chris Stedmans who wrote "World's Best CLEAN 2012 Joke Book" & "Doorway:The Soccer Ball Quest"
I hear ya.
:-/ sigh face
PubbyPower tonight on Milwaukee Street - Tweet #FreePints at our show and see what happens, BE THERE.
Saw someone #rollerblading today. I had no idea people still did that.
Thanks Richard for reminding us that you can't climb mountains without taking the first step.
How u gunna fart near the door so ppl can't stand near the door
too good to follow people back.
last night got to see Samantha Spies and Daniel Burkholder
Having a blast at the first annual picnic
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
you & the should select a loyal STH to go to MSG to represent… like me!
listening to npr over itunes. cool.
since you are officially doing the dailygrape thing will you start merging some of the wine library nuances over to DG?
i knew you would
You know it's a good day when Ghostface Killah is a clue on the crossword
Story not playing by the rules tonight. If I bang my head on the table, will the story pour from my ears the way I envision it?
Please tell me you are referring to Wilson Phillips? If not, please ignore me:)
are u mad about the blackhawks losing in OT? Cuz that sucked
Your new song is really inspiring ok, I will admit that. ✌
RT State baseball at Isotopes Park on hold for at least another 30-45 min. La Cueva and Carlsbad "might" have to play tmrw
#LOL THE NERVE OF PEOPLE #TWEETING WHO #UNFOLLOWED THEM!!! YEAH I DID IT!!! U WASNT #FOLLOWING ME. #F4F THIS WAY!
hey now my man wants me and loves me and I'm not bitching
John Waters should make a commercial with Mitt Romney leading the bunny hop like in Crybaby.
My new rich name is emerald chingang
It didn't, but it does now.
Hey girl! You should come to the premiere of Una Noche a Cuban film that is in competition at Tribeca!
I feel like I'm going to have a seizure. I hate presenting in front of a class. Put me in the middle of a stadium, I'm fine. Class of 60? No
LeBron James winning MVP was an easy choice, but I'm still riding with Kevin Durant in the playoffs
that looks amazing. Where did you find this?
APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW! YELLOWCARD. BLINK182. RAMALLAH. BRAND NEW COME BRO DOWN!
I love him what a hottie lol
Warnex Receives Funding for 'Touch DNA' Analysis
can you ask dahvie if he would like to come to disneyland in California i would love to meet him as a graduation present &u2
Fun night checking out songwriters at Downtown Credo tonight w/
It's official, I should not be allowed to go to the mall!
Anything for the kiddies! RT : Thanks for the support!
thanks girll! Message me your number on facebook or somethingg!(:
You will be seeing me at the end of the summer! Cant wait!! Following you now, follow back to keep in touch!!
Oh wow, a This is Sparta bot. Now I know what to type when I want to get mentioned.
you hate me
My bestfriend said she been having sex dreams about me so I sent her a nakey pic, I knew she wanted me Lmaoo .
Chillin' in Bozeman, MTizzle. Montana State University is pretty sweet... Quite a few heads in MT
Please tell me I'm not the only one who cried like a baby at the end of Catching Fire. XD
Will you please tweet That she is beautiful? Please
Thanks to our weekly sponsors: , Crescent Market and Lassiter Drug!
thanks for the follow guys! I appreciate the support. Help is get our name out there, & RT!
It's OK, we knew what you meant. RT : I think I'm going to call a technical on myself for that bad tweet.
Learning about iBook author - in a 2 hour session at my work. nice.
We love to treat our patients at Madison No Fear Dentistry & Nothing beats a warm fresh-baked cookie on a cool fall day!
THIS IS THE TALE OF SWEATY TITIS SPRINKLE!
That is seriously excellent. I am sure you deserve it. Will check out EOTS and hope to imitate your success.
Buckets of money held captive outside US amounts to huge acquisition opportunities in foreign markets.
yea I'm glad they didn't sign him lol
Schnitzel lovers, head straight to in BevHills for a stellar veal schnitzel with potato salad and lingonberries. Apfelstrudel, 2.
ℱℴℓℓℴω☛Rob Delp Weather if only to get that cool green swirly thing on your timeline
#best90squotes The Boys Are Back At Town... ~Full House~
aw meh love eminem for life
Haha and BC wins!! RT : A House divided today?
Dude the reason benny bos was outta food
I found my 80 page 4th step!!! In a box at my mom's. Yayyyyeeee. Thank Baby Jesus in da manger!
Don't start reading 's THE ASSASSIN AND THE PIRATE LORD unless you have enough time to read it straight through!
do you still use the same process as described in your post: Universal Static Libraries? I want to do this the right way too
you see that scum bag torres' hit on hossa?
did i say something way too honest that made you run and hide like a scared little boy?
follow Managing Editor for News for coverage for the #AUANC Tom Smith/ town hall
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
Hm maybe, just maybe...
Sold my unwanted Outback gift cards on ! First-timer & so happy to find this service (thanks, honey)! #Vegans don't need Outback.
omg i know!!! get a mohawk, sister and deacon would luv that, btw you know i saw deacon being all manly in his truck smoking! ew
all of the tweets coming are plz follow me. it is her twiiter let her be. let her follow anyone she wants. ariana is ariana
Life has its ups and downs and there is nothing we can do about it.
Nice, I was thinking of getting a scooter! They are going great! Thanks for asking.
I've never kept track. Usually get 4-5 doubles and then eat whatever else the wife & boy don't eat.
y cant things/life be simple/easy. its always a no win situation. i need space but then i miss u, then where were 2gether i need space.
#konysurrender is so important. Don't stop until he does. #kony2012 We're going to get him off the battlefield.
aw snap! it's a harry potter weekend!!!
-if i had one wish, you'd be my boo, promise to love you. trust me, I'll trust you.
I guess Al Gore was right #global warming
I'm currenty using my old blackberyy.
Will do thanks
Bronchitis Home Remedy | Natural Health Magazine: Bronchitis home remedy is essential whenever you are looking for ways on how to tre...
So exciting! You are in for a treat, the weather is going to be fantastic this weekend! Make sure to bring your sunblock! Enjoy
Who are the Pens free agents???
I thought you might be. :)
OK LADIES ITS TIME FOR THE HOTTEST CONTEST IN .com 50k & A MODELING CONTRACT
I've been sick for like 2 weeks im starting to get worried blah
So I stopped tweeting and my homegirl thought I dropped out...I can't imagine If I actually did. She'd prolly think I was dead. smh
Okay it's official .
Mariachi band playing in front of Onyx Cocktail Lounge on Fifth Avenue in Gaslamp.
Day one of eating #paleo (or at least 80/20). So far so good! But what to eat tomorrow?
Whoa. The imaginary marching band really is quite similar to invisible instruments. Nice.
Our services will also include assistance with transition into permanent housing.
This is a joke right? Just saw article he lost custody. I don't comment on celebs but do on child abuse issues. Dah!
The DiMaggio vs. Pollock conversation might have been the greatest dialogue ever written for (great lines, )
So an hr late to work today lol
have used probably 6 times, and had 5 great experiences. still, recommended!
Lmao cool, cool well you just gott make the best of it ! ;)
Last comment. I don't understand why is making a HUGE deal on how Philly beat us... WE DONT HAVE OUR 2 BEST PLAYERS!!!! That is all.
CONSTRUCTION: US 26 eastbound on ramp at 185th, no delay
All of human reasoning is metaphoric.
Four Burgers in central sq has some really good burgers
Sitting here with my big sister love her so much her and my nephew. Love you casey and tj
APII might bounce from here...
if you think you’re alone, put on my music cause I’m gonna be there for you.
Listening to John Cale's Vintage Violence this morning for the first time in several years... (1/2)
New York for the summer sounds good.
Failure won't ever surpass me in case my conviction to succeed is strong enough.
We had a great show this weekend! Thanks to all who came out. More exciting stuff happening soon.
yeah but rangel's got plenty of company in that respect
They say everything happens for a reason. They forget to mention that everything also always happens all at once!
": Statistically, your chance of being murdered is 1 in 20,000." I figure mine has to be at least triple that
Is anyone at wantagh park?
im glad you got over 400 followers now! :)
RT Money & success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there ~Will Smith
kills me too!
I don't know if parenthood is blissful for all, but being the mother of this little girl is HEAVEN on Earth! LOVE HER!
Well, I still blog about my cycling stuff, among other things.
RT : Join us for "Talking Back to Pop Culture: How to Create Better Stories About Women Using Video Remix" on November 7...
alright alright alright
agreed, at least untill you hit `/` to search
who are u telling!
cartoons died when Spongebob took over
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.
Why do people hate Tebow, the guy's magic. Won't be able to handle the man Brady though ! haha
- dunno, man! Hopefully soon! We'll be out of town this weekend, though.
“: best session today - Steven Bell's talk on design thinking for better libraries #sla2011”
1day some wealthy mufuka wit #plugs gon put #Memphis on da #map. All #rappers just #jet on da city #welldam okay
is anyone seeing June 18 at Six flags over Texas?
Nachos and Lemonheads in my dad's boat!
Beer Fact: Mouthfeel: A sensation derived from the consistency or viscosity of a beer, described, for example, as full or thin.
Okay, fuck Maine, we're so moving to Florida! <3
Can not forget the past
Was looking at that NYT link you sent out. Not surprised that in the ACC - #WFU students have the most debt, #Clemson the least.
today when I was trying to throw the bail over the fence to my horses and somehow cut myself a little bit.
not usually my first location for custserv though
This world will never be, what I expected.
Real talk though, Kim Kardashian is a bigger threat to the symbolic sanctity of marriage than any same sex couple.
LOL "sure droid sure" ah #longdistanceproblems. It's absolute hell. Miss you tory cutie <3
wait, andrea died??
I swear is on fire today, what am I 18 again?
I really need to jump in the shower
Best mother's day gift? Sign her up for league tennis, then give her a "night out with the girls" each week. Beats a gym!
still never changed my name yet. <3 i love you!
Proj based learning essential. Can we do it ALL in 6hrs of school a day? What role do #afterschool programs play?
LOL! Good 1 RT : Frank Vogel isn't too worried about his 15k fine.... Apparently Roy Hibbert has a coupon he can use.
88* tomorrow and no work
Great cause, thanks for the opportunity looking forward to it! speak soon Fiona
Mind Jam Q: Parents Mag found that babies first words are Mommy or Daddy- What is next on the list?
I'll certainly give it a shot!
A lowkey #FACT RT : Women are more sexual & freakier than men.
I was just made aware that the bible, indeed, does NOT mention anything about praying for the weedheads. Ops lmao. JKs, JKs. Dont stone me
He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats in front of him. She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
Do you hear that? It's the sound of blessings in the air!
I need more followers tell you friend to follow me lol
according to CSN Sounders will host Toronto Mar.17
RT Happy date of birth to Love you Alissa. What a yr it's gonna be!! Love you too!
a little trio always starts the day off right.
Happy 2012 Every One :)
Entrepreneurship is the hardest profession you can get into. There are no roadmaps. No textbooks or guides . It is you vs. the world.
Life happens.
when ever there is a Major league rehab the minor league stadium becomes a mad house, not to mention he god awful to watch
Its only Tuesday night & it feels like a week has gone by. This is what happens when you're open at American AND UK business hours.
I already did :)
Um I step outside and thought I was in Chi town........ Really tho this Cold is too much lol
the month wait time kills me. These episodes are great...
Seriously. The revolutionary thing about iOS is that it eliminated the stylus.
I said that I wish I could visit Joanne Trattoria.
It's warmer in Nashville this week than in California. Finally!
Ready to call it a night sweet dreams twitter/FB folks much love muahhhhhhh
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
I'm jealous! When u c Kim, tell her to stop tweeting so much and to stop wearing weave - remind her that she's white. Have fun!
I LOVE doing MBSS. I like the outpatients I think the most!
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Irish pub at 8 am?
“: Have a good show, !” thanks man, gonna b a good one!
#Somewhereinthehood Ain't no steppin' in without a weapon in
I fxcked the name if that song up in my earlier tweet.
I'm double-fisting my #fridayreads/weekend reads: I, IAGO and HELEN KELLER IN LOVE. Both too good to put down!
Hmm. Sounds fishy. Although I wouldn't go as far as and say it was a trap. Most likely a letter was s'posed to come.
Mom: What do you think I am, made of money? Daughter: Isn't that what MOM stands for?
You got spark, you got spunk, you got something all the boys want.
how to I tell you without letting errrbody know? -__-
www.lightingever.com
Re: FOUND DOG - he's back home! His owners claimed him about an hour ago. Thanks for spreading the word!
Why am I awake at 6:10 AM on a Saturday? Oh, well. It gives me more time to work on the scrapbook i'm giving Falling in Reverse. -Sara
RT : People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
Looking forward to seeing y'all. Care to join, ?
Live every act fully, as if it were your last
School was pretty fun.
Thanks for following
I am still shocked that you did this. someone should give you money.
Need to talk to my two consultants
it's a written "chat", follow CMT's link, it will take u to our fb page and you can join us!
I don’t want the glow, I want the glory
Thank you for answering my question and signing my Cool Whip!
Total nightmare for a control freak & for students who aren't used to the freedom of decisions.
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it. Medawar, P. B.
#Str8LykeDes... Ion wanna talk believe what you want real shit.. I tried of childish people...
smh who u telling im hot bout that bcuz he didnt/dont have to do stuff like that
I miss ! but im just setting here home by myself obsessing over bluejeans and stuff! ;)
Who is wearing shorts in the workplace today? This humidity in Van Hise is making my hair a little frizzy... :/ wa-wa.
So important - curate content but never pirate content!
Romney is very rapidly turning back into a slightly liberal moderate. I wouldn't mind voting for him, actually.
I found an airtight syllabus, and (kind but firm) consistency on my part made all the difference.
"Try to put on your innovation blinders" Great agency speak on
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
“: Kansas isn't all that. Osu should have taken care of business without Sullinger.
money money money
Yankees fans that r still shocked and Tex performance at the plate amaze me,havernt yall been watching this guy hit the last 3 yrs.
not going tonight. Just hurt my foot.
Get a special matinee price to King Tut when you visit The Children's Museum of Indianapolis weekdays from 2:00pm-close.
will do and thanks :)
I stand with you guys and say it: Fed crackdown on medical pot is criminal and downright immoral
I know but I was generous enough to give it lol
Feet just touched down in CHICAGO!!!
Legitimately dont think sheila has ever correctly played a song i'm trying out for a solo with
thank you for following
Awh you'll do well! And good to hear from you too! And I'm so occupied with my band when I should be worrying about my finals :/
go on you &type in STEVE KARDYNAL DOES WARPED!! ;P
sounds like a human being
Rita, you did your thing that December. Thank you.
Thanks for the follow and stay social
Hoping The Menu has something good in store for me tonight...
RT : Service design can promote sharing over owning and create service envy -Shelley Enanson/Facebok
This just in from Philly...The Penguins scored again. It is now 11-3!
Katy's hair looks dreadful!!! EWWWW!!!
There we go #Sixers!!!!
Smash time!
Hey have a great day & surprise someone cook or buy them dinner it it's fun..
#CreativeCloud still question the Cloud
Lawl RT ": it's the dudes who never got hoes to begin with that got these spare tire ass bitches thinking 24's"
The answer to last tweet about guessing price for a Japanese antique plate: C. $25,000.
haha! My second favorite: "Hey girl, I like what I see above (and below) the fold."
You might be right.lol especially since we have enough vodkas.
Have I mentioned I'm going to Disneyland on Thursday? I'm so excited!
Amen to that!
Congrats!!! That's awesome, good luck! At least you'll still be close to home
thanks! I am sure you will get to it and it will look wicked awesome. All full of Cardinals and cats in bath tubs and stuff...
Stop making fun! Lol what's up man?
They talkin bout how funny think like a man was on lets stay together. Man i gotta see that movie this weekend
I dont understand what your fucking problem is but you have been really fucking bitchy lately and I DON'T LIKE IT.
R.I.P. Davy! I still to this day sing Your songs.
this may or may not be because the Reds manager is Named #Dusty Baker.. Which definitely is my favorite name in all of sports
░R░E░T░W░E░E░T░ Hey follow me:D
it was one of the better life choices I have made I must say
Why do I have an appetite of a whale today?! A subway sandwhich. two cookies and three cups of coffee later!!!
Just submitted vCenter Ops Standard Lab for #VMworld 2011. May even get to be a Lab Captain this year!
OH It's 5am,
Chiana:Have you been messing with the couch? My "cushion dent" doesn't feel right.
Just home from Toronto...What an amazingly vibrant city! Got to see a great Elliott Brood show...Thanks for hooking me up, Steve Pitkin!!!
Spending the day to myself
Can't help but wonder how many tweets I have to retweet before I win something
take those fucking heals off its worth it girl nothin is what I can picture you in take that fucking dress off I swear you wont forget me ;*
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet?! :)
special shout out always great to know an accomplish author. I been wrkig on a S play for 10 yrs book 4 15
I went from having one niece to, two nephews & a niece this yr. My pockets bout to be thin.
quit copying my volvo swag.
iam not impressed..at al
Hahhaa was inspired by the trends. We know what that means...
Jealous! Where u at? Definitely in June when I'm back.
I go to sleep looking forward to tomorrow, because I'll be one step closer to my dreams :).
hi mike, good to know re: iStreamer, good for my living room that is, not my wallet. Both good deals though!
it is mine now too it is so funny and cute
girls, please show more of your ass off in your fb pic, it's not already noticeable enough of course.
Character counter not only inaccurate but also my DMs are blocked, incorrectly flagged as over 140.
My Cocker Spaniel Dog is the cutest but dumbest dog alive
Appears to be another muggy day in the Great Plains today.
THANKS to EVERYONE who came out. IT WAS WAY FUN of a show!!!
Austiin you so got this<3
don't act like you don't know. Lame
#neverapologizefor being honest
Congrats to the Bat Cats for pulling out a thrilling, extra-inning win tonight against Indiana.
Is there a song in their somewhere? ;-)
Really??? I can't believe it. I don't think SK+G had the best tag....proof you need social media front and center!
tnx i followed bak can yhu also follow ILL FOLLOW YUH BAK WIT IT ALSO
ur so beautiful god bless u they laugh at u cause ur beautiful and there not lmao
Cool, see you soon!
Just realized it's probably not a good idea to live tweet my paper-writing difficulties when my professor follows me.
it actually makes sense. Heaven is filled with boring people who only tolerate each other if a horrible pastime is involved
lmao I'm not a mom, I don't have kids!! Hahhahaha
'The problem is not in our behavior; the problem is in US. We don't need an upgrade. We need transformation. We need a miracle.'
Its raining this early in the day! #FloridaWeather .....
Is it wrong that my son & his friends want to sing the BeeGees song Stayin Alive for a school project when they visit an assisted living hm
...its paid. Surprise.
Carbon Monoxide is extremely harmful and can kill within minutes. Consider installing a CO detector for the safety of you and your family!
like us on Facebook!
It's Natl Coquilles St. Jacques Day! It's a rich mixture of butter, cream, mushrooms and Parmesan cheese, baked in a scallop shell.
Thanks for the #FF love!
Isn't AAM May 2nd? I'm so confused! (and have no access to my personal email/calendar yet :P)
I don know where these welts comin from but theyre killin me. Tried epsom salt bath, tried benadryl, tried everything :-(
My iPhone... sounded cool idea to iphone5 or billups leaves: um, no. he's finally in trouble for velvet.
Been loving #couchella with the incredible live stream. Andrew Bird, The Shins, and Explosions have all rocked it. Stoked for Bon Iver
true statements all around but
“All wealth is based upon systems” "Think of these business systems as bridges. Bridges that will provide a path for you to cross safely...
Why waste your time getting hurt by someone, when there’s someone else out there waiting to make you happy?
I don't think that'll help o.o lol
Redneck word of the day "Apparent" its obvious to me lookin at your belly your gonna be apparent!
might as well crack out the bible and the holy water.
Nice pick that's what I'm doin right about now.
Cant Wait to have u there !!
Thanks for the retweet! What's new with you?
W/e
Wait one second.....! is married with children!? Lol #themost I didn't know! #knowledgedlearnedfromTerrellTilford .com
So today feels like day to juss sleep (yawns)
TONIGHT! LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!! BIG DEBUT!!! TOMORROW ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION! ONLY $5 ALL NIGHT!!
are you running a high fever?????
Good evening. :)
that tweet could be hashtagged with
Ricky Barnes -4 in first round at
Holy Shit !!! I can't believe how blind i was LOL In 2 weeks i will have my right eye operated on
Save money today on ERock! RT : Early Registration END's Tonight! Last chance to register before the fees go up
RT : When we're not ready to learn, everything seems obvious. When we're ready, the simplest things are profound.
Good night mahomies! and much letters of love kjagskfgJAGFKHGDSHSGkjdshkghakjfhgknzxkjhbzxn<3
RT : Creative and engaging advocacy from the M.N. Spear Memorial Library in Shutesbury, Mass. What unique way(s) has......
thx for coming. hope u enjoyed the films :)
Can't believe this bitch just peed on the fuckin kitchen floor.. he gon say chrissy water water.. den pee
seriously! please come out here and make it easier for us fans. I really want to see you in LA
working on out innovating them right now.
what!? Your the one who kissed him ! Hahaha
Are you going to visit Paula Deen's House o' Butter?
Tonight come kick back tonight w us at filmbar. 2nd st just South of Roosevelt. We gotta cool vibe going on for our wed night "The Hump"...
That was so unrelated
Is it sad that I am excited the ESPN iPhone App just updated the College Football section with all week 1 games? (Times TBD)
Voting now on #Budget4All, supports robust safety net w/ invstmts in child nutrition, affordable housing, and
Happy St Patricks Day Weekend to all my Irish Tenors and lilting Lassies! May the Irish Luck be with you!
absolutely, gonna get it on my calendar now!
Exciting H&A updates to share. Finalizing details. Announcements to be made through out February!
non comparable.
We must unite as one until we get our man in the dugout! RYNO!!!
He was one of the pioneers of the digital age. If I had a black turtleneck, I would be wearing it tomorrow.
a religious man might tell you that He wouldn't give you anything you couldn't handle.
Today is a good day for some ROI.....
My favorite public bathrooms are the ones with black toilets. No one needs to see that shit.
u obviously no more than me but not sure i agree W/ this from outside looking in
emani is like a sis to me. So....
new york really loves you! :)
Props on new gig w/NBC. America's awaiting u & Seacrest to cover the Olympics, for u to make us laugh & him cry #please?!
Until I discovered Really Expensive Denim at age 22, all my pants ran high water. Maybe this is the root of my resistance to "ankle"?
Yes! are we on Q4? Did I miss the prompt?
PA is actually a pretty state, at least to drive through. Rolling, lush, green hills. Must be beautiful in fall...
I'd certainly think so
that's so money!
Net10 sucks, bought the wrong minutes card and customer support would not refund my minutes or service days. I'm getting a new cell company.
She want that c c c c c c cake... Oh baby I like it.
Sometimes I dream of moving to San Francisco (& Paris!) but then I look at the rental prices & think I'd rather just visit more often!
"Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open."
White Tiger Sweatshirts are in!!!!! Come buy yours today!
Lmaooo no O.O she better not -.-
#VisualsViaVenom = Video Producer of the Year! Congratulations ! Thanks for all of you guys' support!
hah yeah total dare devils crossing the street without looking #yolo lol
please participate in #kohails patch testing and sign-off process
snow was my enemy today. The stupid white stuff decided to fall only during the morning commute in Cincinnati this morning. Fun. ;)
Loyal to my soil
I Will Always Lovee You '!
China quite dumping crappy products here. Fair trade too.
541. See ya!
Thanks for the RT. How have you been?
sully! today at school, i had an epiphany. i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
Doumit ties everything up at Target Field. Fireworks baby, fireworks.
RT : Blocking social networking sites is like building a fence. Does the fence have a gate in it? Is it a barbed wire fence?
nope. they never mentioned his name.
Excuse me mam sint my fault i misspelled ONE word ! But Meisha over here perkibg on you !
Why do quys say they'll call us, when they never do?. We wonder if it was just a one-niqht stand?. Why do WE have to text them first?. O.o
RT : he needs to to be out and about. Sure would like to see him ^_^ <~ WE SHALL BE
If they keep it up, Genoa and Inter will finish this 8 on 8.
Factor God into all equation in your life You+God =Power&Success
Sometimes, I wonder...if my child would have been a good person...would have good moral character...would treat people right...
"As a matter of fact, our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down."
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 8
@ my cuzins b-day.
Yayy aunt followed me!!!!!! Thank you !!:D
Workouts to blow off steam are the beat.
Cleaned all day.. it feels so good to sit :)
@ How am i full of bullshyt tho
You'd be amazed how few people send thank-you cards after interview. #USCEdGrad Palisoc
Airport, boston time :) with
I wonder what & will be doing when I drive through GB at 4:30.
change of plans mk losers semi, losers final and grandfinal will be streamed
You know what happens when you don't comply with the venue requirement of 15 U.S.C. § 1692(i)? Some consumer lawyerin', that's what.
In case you can't tell, we had an AWESOME time at the premiere tonight. Breaking Dawn!
Today is Multiple Personality Day! What? Yeah who? I mean me! No I mean me. Wait. You? Me!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 66F FAIR
I got some Apple Kush. Hit me up.
just saw a ghetto midget wow, our boy ryan is in denver, and I just got quized on my ny I'd and forgot where I lived
: Can't make it today. SO bummed. Too many stuffs to do in too many places! NEXT TIME! GIVE'm HELL!
Stay safe #Wichita. Batten down the hatches.
so my bestfriend calls me just to tell me that i will not be going to UH because im moving in with him and going to San Jac.
can kill 150 people
OOOOhhhh, hello :) First tweet, and i'm hungry
You don't get a better education going to a more expensive school, you just get better contacts...
Done with AP exams!
Matt Smith is in Central Park filming Doctor Who. I would kill to meet him.
that awkward moment when someones "Gucci" sign is missing a C ..lmao tho funny, its very sad lol
In the last hour they've gone through a mouse and two bunnies. They're gonna get huge!
Ugh dev is perfect
Hope's shrinking, When I try to speak, no words; lip-syncing, Hope this is not just wishful thinking.......Kn
awesome, will do.
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
Joe, the Pitt game may be on ESPN 8 - "The Ocho".
There 2 Chainz Tweets Are Funny
Any time!
This #megamillions thing is like a real life version of the golden ticket in Willy Wonka!
Irritated as fuck.
I just got called off work but I'm not gonna tell the sitter....BWAHAHAHAHA
What should I do with my week off?! Sleep? Do laundry? Have sex!?
This is really who I am, and it took a long time to be okay with that. -Lady Gaga
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. ~ Dorothy Parker
I hate the battery in my phone it dies to fast. Ugh
Kudos to Gov, Christie!
it's amazing how easy the "adding to circles" functions works
lol Don't get surgery you look fine.
RT State Police crisis negotiators talking w man threatening to jump from Tobin Bridge. Lane closures
Responded to FIRE @ 1063 New Lots Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Hey you, sir, just made my day!! Hope you got a double cheese!
There inability to hit HRs or even score runs is what bothers me.
May you have a great day, and no bull$hit come your way !!
I'd vote for something floating in the toilet before I vote for obama or whatever his name is!!!!!
One of the most effective exercises to target upper body is the push-up. With so many variations, it's easy to find a favorite!
I love that when my kid says he loves me, or his mama, or his brother, he includes that he loves himself too.
Aw, you two talked again? :)
Exhausted today...I need a massage. And a margarita ...
Merry Christmas to everyone, and especially to those behind the steel bars. I know it's a tough day brothers and sisters, much love for you.
Bought to sleep~ and forget about orgo!
sounds familiar!
OR 30 days from original tweet. And "challengers" have 30 days to unseat it. King of the Mountain-style.
danm my girl is coming over and my house looks like a tornado passed through gotta do the quicky through everything in the closet
Can a team have 3 shutdown corners?
Free webinar today, 2 pm ET. & lead discussion on real-life #libjobhunt strategies. Register now...
;) great sex! Lol
Lmao girls from the Philippines probably have a legitimate reason to think this.
Julie just woke me up from a dream in which Ashton Kutcher and I were becoming really good friends. Thank you for waking me up.
are we ever gonna chill and scream dude?
What?? Why? ": Source confirms Jarrod Uthoff leaving #badgers men's hoops team."
No moochin over here (:
Hi Melissa, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns. Follow me to DM?
Fake As Fuck ?
The fog is so thick on the way to Austin. It&quot;s like we&quot;re on the road to musical heaven.
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away."
Dinner and drinks with and is a happy panda!
Thanks I love all the input on new music !  (via )
Overnight his ass to me and I can start with knee caps...
When walks too slow <
We wish we were there too! Miss you so much :)
All of our counselors know their partners!!! Camp is getting so much closer!!!!
I GOT HER FUCKED UP BOUT ME.......
to everyone who wants to judge me, I only have one thing to say: If your so damn perfect, let me see you walk on water...
hating this first band at the #rooney show. waiting paitiently for robert and the rooneys.
RT : Aye! U can burn up wit all dat lol
Those damn love bugs are back in Central Florida. Had to grab some out of my hair on my break before. Ugh. My head is not a honeyroom suite!
Women: you get to drink free at
Looking at wonderful book-in-progress by 's thematic option students
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat.
Another nice day floating around the sandbar.
Yet the President is a MILLION years ahead of Dick Cheney on his "everything else" stance.
Thank you, radio, for that live cut of Badlands.
I am positively DYING to see/hear these things on video. Keep us all posted if you find any :)
tell them Tim tebow supports president Obama
A #HappyThanksgiving to
My pepperoni nipples are a sight to see.
Im bout too be too bored at this house
The ABC Working Group discussed possible changes to the alcohol licensing protest process and possible hour restrictions on outdoor seating.
RT #Leo's natural instinct is to be the best.
The word around town is..."IP3 is okay...sometimes good, but Camos Brothers is GREAT!"
wow is he that good?
I finally got back in town and watched the finale..what'd you think? & How'd you do on the lottery?
it's a party it's a party it's a party.
lol I know dude u know who I'm talkin about right
Today, I would prefer to just go back home, sketch and read. But, I'm working instead
Gonna go with a good 30%
FOLLOW ***** and watch your followers grOW
I am more than happy to help. Call 1-800-MAGAZINES and ask for me. Thanks.
We can lead with integrity from anywhere in an organization & infuse it into the culture over time.
agreed, & co THE BEST!! love it
Council members are now pledging to find cuts to double after school programs and to urge a supplemental budget w/ that funding.
I can't wait to go home. You can't stay in Vegas too long. I'm not into this many people ALL the time.
Forgot to tell that i convinced three more people to buy her book, and they loved it.
We are looking for a rockstar UX Designer. Quirky, fun and experience with enterprise software / websites are a must. DM for more info.
NO , I'm #tiredoftrying you actually have to put in the effort to be tired .
we goin in
I just made this account.. yesterday? 10 followers in 1 day, thats pretty good, lol. xD
February 8th at The Hotel Cafe in LA! I'm there!
good point
I audit your milkshake.
Oops that last one was for you.
#thatawkwardmoment When your friend tells u. That he's on the date with the girl in SCHOOL he was scaried to talk to. EVERYONE HIT THAT ha
The republicans choice to run for president is Mitt Romney. Make sure their elephant mascots name is dumbo! PLease follow and Retweet!
I'm going Pats 27 Giants 20...no way they're losing to this team twice in the Super Bowl
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
Hrmf. Haven't really laffed hard in a while. INTERNET... AMUSE ME.
thanks for the shirts they turned out great. Definitely appreciate it the crew loved them
Amazing energy on the mall today. Democracy at work.
1 of my fav things bout AMC's 'The Killing'=excellent writing=the characters remain the same, but u think they change as ur perspective does
Spring / Summer Shooting season starting early this year in Milwaukee? it's not even the weekend
you both make me so proud and happy! I will support both of you through anything and everything! I love ya'll.
Retirement: World�s longest coffee break
this is joe sunday, we did the song "strip" today. When you ready to talk bout tracks, hit me up! I spoke to E already
ha u funny kuzn i cant do nothing but lmfao on that 1
RT: Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Red koi......Icon???? Interesting night....
I have a true story about him! Remind me to tell you sometime!
Twitter is full of dumb niggas with smart phones !!!!!!
Oh congrats new grad!! :) is he still alive? lol
Well, thanks for sharing. Will take a gander this weekend and add it to the blogroll.
how bout trying to find my bag?
We found people returning again and again to monthly weekend workshops, and the 30 day gaps meant it was hard on them.
OMG! I woke so late! daamn it -.- haaha w.e Going to the movies to Watch My sister's Keeper with amaziing girl Follow her! n_n
happy mothers day!
Flipboard app for iPad is an interesting way to experience social media. Very print-like for old-fashion guys like me.
That's actually pretty funny. “: peeing is foursquare for dogs.”
memphis needs to continue to left Gay and Randolph dominate the ball and left Mayo abd conely be spot up shooters
you guys are the best!! Thanks for an awesome website
FLOPHOPPER doing his thing for NE
I miss that raw and real music you use to produce Teddy!
Fuck prince charm, give me a frog that fucks me all night!
hopefully that knocked something into place for Cruz. One of my underperformers so far
"I just want to be near you..." Don't you wish you knew... :)
i know! i will call you later okay? i have that phone card w/ ur name on it sitting on my desk 4 the last 3 weeks
Whole Lotta Love - Led Zeppelin
I want today to go as quick as possible... I want Friday already:(
bahahahahaha, Roenicke left Conrad in to hit knowing he was going to remove him in the top of the inning? So ridiculous.
Question: Blunts, Bongs, or Paper Planes???
have fun!! Oh and have a drink or two for me!!
There is going to be a lot of BC fan speculation, and I can't blame anyone at all
Uggh, you kno what pisses me off? Idont even cuss thaat much, but when it accidentally comes out, its AWLAYS around the WRONG person! >:|
Sorry. I'm used to fundy's who would not care if this guy died because he wasn't trinitarian. Or listened to music with a beat.
Retweet if girls actually look better with no makeup on.
“: Gooooooaaaaall! Greatest thing about a 12:00 game is watching the Flyers after!”LOVING IT GREAT JOB HUNTER NICE WIN TODAY
you added me? I guess it takes time to appear. I don't see it ;~;
Y'all realize that most Lonely Chicks have atleast 1 Kid.. After her Baby Daddy left, she gave up on Love! :)
my bad not tuna commercial. Smh.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition Chi-Town stand up
the 'Skys the Limit' article on bout n is quite good! im on that bandwagon rest of playoffs
sorry it's not going well. you get to talk about Bowie at least?
Took a little nap but I still have a barometric pressure headache. I hate those.
Where do you want to be seen with your Mom, Grandma, Aunt, Sister on Mother's Day - why at SDSU's production of Little Women of course!
just isn't the same without the pink and purple hair lol
. Thanks for the RT! Great to tweet-meet you!
I just got my tickets for The Avengers tomorrow! :')
Fear vs. Hope. What "The Hunger Games" can teach us about entrepreneurship & small biz: /bit.ly/HjLSdR
Goods givers have household income over $50,000, southern, college educated
Please be safe this holiday season. We need you!!!!!
check it out :)
No problem. I always like to see what other artist are saying and doing. I hope one day we can meet and do some projects together
Whats up priscilla an we justd adair forever we just want to say by we t moving out of town yes
Instead of a national curriculum for education, what is really needed is an individual curriculum for every child - Charles Handy
Firefox is notorious for eating larger and larger chunks of RAM the longer it runs. Always has.
"70% of archeology happens in the library." ~Dr. Jones
Happy Hour 3-6pm. Dinner 5-10pm. and Friends late night. You know how this works, its
You should know that "squee yourself to death" has been making me laugh for approximately 10 minutes.
Shush, I love Diablo. Always will.
Watching babies being born in parenting...
#Solid........I think My Single Spell Is Damn Near Over
did Ryan say hi yet?
please follow! <3
shut-up your annoying.
Hey guys, seriously go check out Kung Fu Panda 2. The animations are various and brilliant. You'd be amazed at how well they all blend.
Thank you! Hope you will enjoy it!
They are now playing JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME and LOCKOUT, though.
Well Closing Time hangover supplements is sold at in EL :) or watch for our twitter contests!
stay home!!! U belong in a box!! lol aa frootloop box! Lol
the whole illegal public camping measure is terrible too, the homeless might migrate to Aurora
um but seriously about that beer...
Dear Ms Elm, 'Literature is weird!' is not an acceptable excuse as to why we have to watch Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
as long as i get to work for , then i'm in.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes. Doctor Who
Institute for Supply Management: Services sector index in April dropped to 53.5% from 56.0% in March to mark worst reading since December.
it's not as good without my beautiful model
March 31, 2012 Food Truck Wars begins in Central Florida. 40 food trucks, live music, silent auction, beer garden, 5 national judges.
Q&A: Anna Chlumsky Talks Funny, Physical Comedy In &#39;Veep&#39;
only 2-0 lead in mlb #postseason..yep your milwaukee !!!
ok :) I have a Idea if I could re-name my personal we could use that 1 :)
ah yes of course...*Moon goggles*. ;o)
Thanks - I love you, too, LOL!
only thing i need to say is
With attack ad blitz starting on Romney, if Huntsman can come in second in NH he cold have momentum going into s Carolina
Just fall asleep
If I had badges to give out, would get a Promptness badge for sending the first video of from last night's round
I don't know why all these IGNORANT teabaggers are trying to make fun of Obama for eating dog. ALL hard-core Muslims eat dog?? Duh, MORONS!!
= used 2 cross boundaries borders in edu. The tool that helped me break up w my long distance bf is revolutionizing edu
Tonight, I feel old.
Thanks! It's been really fun to write; I'd be more than happy to share once I get it revised!
What's New? Well, I've Been Listenin 2 K-Pop 4 A While, I Hung Out With Friends Yesterday, & 2Day Is A Do Nothin Day 4 Me :P
i wanna put fat in my bio. but god dayum its perfect already.
Good choice, I was using today's record, forgot. The Cubs will: still not have a World Series Win, have a RWNJ who's Fucked!
I don't think zombie Jew will care all that much that you missed it.
Pecans most likely :-)
just goin to take my babies out..cook,clean. You?
of course. We both share the Marquette connection.
Going to school with only my tambo and case of reeds in my backpack. It's going to be a good day.
appearently my 'certification of birth' i received at birth from the state of MD is not a valid birth certificate in MD anymore. what???
So they are banning pot smoking by tourists in The Netherlands. O.o
Some people are just so gullible. omgg
See if you can spot me in the next issue off VICE magazine in JUNE!!!
sunny saturday in sf. no rain! sfjazz spring season on sale to general public tomorrow. big thanks to sfjazz members for best pre-sale ever!
Now for the million dollar question (no pun intended) what is the ROI on social media?
Oh goodie. Just have to wait until football times are over.
because you're awesome. Watcha up to?
RT : Before I go. #Kobey #loose. Never forget. <- NEVER
get another bf
,be really careful in mexicoo chachii ! ( : hope you have a safe tripp!!!
"I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!-oriented." (Mexican sportscaster at a job interview) Conan O'Brien
I'm on writing lock down this weekend.I'm off the air for a bit. Inbox or message me. Time to visit with my series characters. Bye!
man i'm feeling like some homemade mac n cheese
he in fact is sexy. along with every band boy! haha
Kashief Lindo performs today in Miramar Regional Park. Love and Light
Rocking my Blue CAT socks for opening day of #UKBaseball.Listening in for to bring some swag to the field, bro! #Cats>Terriers
Oops I thought I was! I am following you now a-hole!!
Now only if would just follow me already... I can be happy & on with my life...
Hahaha...are you moonlighting as a member of Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards?
my girl is one of a kind<3
I need to stop checking the weather for #OpeningDay every 5 mins. 50 and sunny.
ok im bout to add u...
August, Chicago, IL. I will let you know lol!
Yes, I do and definitely planning to submit that way!
Wiped out during the first mile of my long run.. I have now experienced it all during these 4 months of training
#I'll be Casper in a new version of Larry Clark's 'KIDS' directed by Nadja Marcin. Casper in the original movie was played by Justin Pierce
whatever truthfully I could care less because I just made this too talk to new people and catch up on
Drive safe! ;)
We get some pretty strong reactions from folks when we weed so we have to keep it on the DL
i love em.
Our rooftop is perfect for Lazy Sundays
I know. I love living in the future.
Happy Friday eve! We hope everyone has a productive Thursday!
night! “: Good night everyone! #Motorama”
Bummer about Pep leaving Barça. Dude is all class. Vilanova has some big shoes to fill.
Will do. We start tomorrow, but I don't expect too much until we start the research project in a few weeks
They have been a sponsor of No Holds Barred in the past. The Expo is not too far from me so they don't have to bring me in,
Today is Day 2 of my +P90X & +Insanity ASYLUM Hyrbid - getting ready for +Beachbody Coach Summit 2012 in +Las Vegas
#rcdlc South area recognizing similarities in day to day activities - stabilizing our regions in daily activities
Ready to go to Lawton
first reception! welcome back GJ!
it's raining cats dogs frogs hamsters and elephants out here
Saying no to pink goop... it's time for
Hi Sharon, thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
I'm on top of the world and i run this fuxking shit
Awesome! I'm so jealous you get to see Paranormal Activity!! Let me know what you think of it
One hour until #ICT4D live discussion with in #TC104. Can't wait!
In other words, according to , keep the canon dirty.
almost forgot...buckets.
WhatDoWePlayNext.com welcomes its newest writer "Exsisto". Read his first article on 1 Nov at 11am. Can you feel the anticipation?
Veggie bite is such an enormous ripoff.
Congrats to Illinois on winning GRLC title. Best of luck in Greenville
You Seem Very Interested In My Question So Can You Answer ? ": ......... RT So Are Krabby Parties ,Crab Cakes ...?"
Not yet about what?
About to watch film & then hit the practice floor. The preparation began this morning. Now time to sharpen & focus.
RT“: 's personality >>”
Thanks! I know there's more!
I decided my new place needs a bar w/ wheels to disguise the pole in the living room.
Wow. Broadcast journalists are V-A-I-N. Women and men spending forever and a day getting makeup caked on their face ...
RT : Reporters looking 4 comment on the record lows in mortgage rates can Tweet us 4 an expert 2 comment.
just when you thought couldn't be a bigger asshole, he morphs into the new joe mccarthy. censure this faux patriot.
Never ever apologize for saying what you feel. That's like saying sorry for party rocking
welcome aboard Team leader with an affinity for human interaction, psychology, design, and technol Managing Director
#YesPls RT Leo DiCaprio never died in Titanic. Last scene: him going underwater. 1st Scene in Inception: him waking up on a beach
Time to start my day
include in it
Don't worry, I won't. Infinity Ward lost me at BlOps.
Smoking hot girl just walked into Brookhaven Starbucks. Has guys and girls alike captivated. Complete strangers exchanging looks like "wow".
Home sweet home
I was replying to your tweet about what people who don't live in New jersey and new York do in the summer
so excited!!!!
DEATH TO JOFFERY.
On a side note #BBN. Has some good looking fans!
Did you go to Pizza King?
I'm so glad im outta high school.
that's great! Coming out of your shell huh? Lol.
Cold morning in Boston, and it is going to snow tonight, I kind of miss the snow but I don't miss the shoveling of snow.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY LOVE!!!!
Working with someone you love and knowing you will never have that person simple just makes the wound hurt even more
Gimme 1 of the 5 you get “: 'Frank Lloyd Wright Designs,' a beautiful book of FLW's color sketches, would make for a great Xmas
i still have no internet :'(
Hope You're having a great weekend!
that's so awesome!
im going to bed so im done. :-) lol lol lol lol you liked my big toe one lol
i kno ua stupied ass anit tlking with ya wing worm ass forehead yup bitch boo ya
first sunburn of the year, not mad about it
Hope G Street treated you well. Let me know if you want to go back sometime and I'd def be down!
#ULTRABAR THURSDAY LADIES Y'ALL FREE BEFORE 11 ON THE GUESTLIST SEND NAMES TO ME 202-200-7627
If you're on Seattle campus you best be lookin' at them Sakura.
How very American Beauty of you.
oh wow...that was so long ago! Good memories though haha. Can you believe that was four years ago?!
You're too sweet. I'm leaning on your inspiration today, Geoff! RT GET BETTER! Twitter needs your inspiration!
yeah we 'bout it errdayyy
County convention. Apples and peach cream pie.
"I celebrate the guy's entire catalog."
you rock! Just in case you didn't know . . .
You're welcome! Great to see you! :) RT : Thanks for everything at COA yesterday - Great to get to meet other talent.
I am ready to talk marketing business, what's good?
Riding solo on #TMDNASCAR this morning... Send any song requests to this morning for
Do be Pixar, PLUS have a backup.
Are we investing more in our portfolio or our legacy?
Not a viewing party. They have 30 tix in our stadium in new BV section of our stadium. Selling at diff BV's each home match
is 10:10 too early for lunch?
I'm loving the weather as well. Spent much of the week taking with candidates about becoming part of our team. Always fun
Go #Patriots - wipe out the #Chiefs! Way to go #Bruins - consec win number 9. #Valentine - come and be #Redsox Mgr - oh yes #BC -
What does that mean??
I feel so sick right now. :((
RT : I AM STOKED TO BE GOING TO NASHVILLE 4 ANYONE GOING? TWEET ME AND LET ME KNOW... Yes! :)
house in about an hour ;)
lol well said
Awe,thanks for the follows you guys!
hi F :) what is name of #Twitter app/site u referenced recently i think that lets u tweet your 'open office' hours on twitter?
Netflix Instant will screw with the aspect ratio of DRIVE once it hits on Wednesday, right? They seem to be doing that more and more lately.
Meeting with and #FitnessOnTheRocks at Ink Coffee...good stuff soon!
hey cool thanks
I'm the happiest girl in the world!
after my mom had taken her leave of abscence as a teacher she couldn't get re-hired bcuz she had master's "overqualified"
Amen to that
Word to my man for the follow! Preciate that!
Hi(: what game show would you go on if you had the chance? Much love! <3
Don't want to get out of this bed
this is not my fault i blame my parents
R.I.P ICONiac!
..you're cool, baby! I can feel that, cheers! -Stronodelarosa
all day young lady! Making it a great one
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
Thai basil curry exotic vegetable chips w/ artichoke/spinach dip : safe zone radius from ground zero nominally 15 miles.
No diggity and
Saw rehearsal run of Mamet's“ Bobby Gould in Hell” last night. Cast is amazing and funny.
nigga please. Dorian that shit you talkin don't faze me get on yo grown man and come tell me wat you gotta say
I need chapp stick 💄
hopefully. Got to change some recipes.
RT : "We're going to have a large playbook." Mike Tice said. "We're going to play fast."
You like "Teaching your dog to ride a motorcycle, but that fuckin' mutt can't get the hang of it and slams into a brick wall at 67 MPH."
Friday On..! This Mah Movie <3
Rabbit Angstrom is a total bastard and I love him. "Rabbit, Run," John Updike.
Finished my very LAST TAKS test today. (: Oh, finally. I can't wait for senior year.
feel better :)<3
Oscars in #nakedgun would be better... RT : Next year the Oscars should be modeled after the Oscars in The Bodyguard.
are you going to Indy Metro Football Coaches Clinic tonight? I saw one of your coaches is speaking!
yayy! Im so glad it came! And okay! :)
Argh, stupid autocorrect. Meant il Vero Alfredo. Wife and I went there on our honeymoon. Fettucine Alfredo served family style
We will be putting up a teaser for our new song "North Korean Democracy" Within the next few days! Stay tuned for it.
There's a really good chance I'm going to buy Roxette's greatest hits on iTunes. It's awesome and only $7.99.
I try to think ahead on such things. Red wine, cocktails, beer: Bring it on.
OH MY GOD BRITANY RYAN'S IN LOVE WITH YOU
what's a cream pie bro?
thanks for the #FF!
I don't understand ppl who can't feel a beat..I catch myself working out to the beat..but maybe that's bc I dance better than I walk haha!
I'm going to put info in my Walker fund-raising return envelope.Nyeh.
I'm gonna miss you while your gone D':
“: Im actually feeling the pressure of the A.P tests coming up. Dam this is so intense, its less than a month away.” same -.-
Flat tire on my birthday? No fair.
air super thick out here.. def chill by the lake.. goin west young man!
I hate when people Fake stuff!!!
My buckeyes going end
Got to 200 should I post a nude pic ?
#primaryschoolconfessions i took my remote control in my packed lunch box lol!
That Ritas Peanut Butter & Jelly is Gross!! All i have to say about that
Over my dead body
Flow of funds data out Thursday. Lenders tell me they are lending again--I am eager to see whether this is true.
My producer is off the chain!!! This album is gonna be rocking because of his mad skills!!!:-)
Got a new phone. Msg me if u don't got my number
Getting to finally meet up with to chat and get some tea! :))))
supported by the Technology in Practice (TIP) department.
Victoria Was Amazing On Ellen.Seriously i was crying!Cant wait for the concert and album #Proud #MakeItAmerica :{)
wait does this mean we are the winners??
I Promised Myself To Stay. . . But If She Broke Promise(S) Then Should I Leave ? "But Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right" Now I'm Lost. . . </3
men that aren't funny don't deserve to be on an island.
Pickup Line: Will you play army men with me.. so I can blow the hell out of you !
so u do know him
Slightly sunburned from today but all in all had a fun time at day away
I think they are idk maybe but I know that pants don't like hip in the urban areas
So... There's gonna be some Bball watching in the Commonwealth this Saturday. C-A-R-D-S Let's Go Cards!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
Don't let reality keep you from dreaming
ha yup
I've been ready for summer. I only have one more day of school left until I graduate :)
There are a surprising number of songs named "Nikola Tesla."
Can't go wrong with diapers!
While on 'comfort marketing' topic, we'll be re-introducing a well known and historical Wall Street brand to the marketplace. Stay tuned!
It's important to split test all of your marketing campaigns & measure all of your results in business.
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true
Hunger Games was amazing <3
Filmstock premiere of Pick Me! tonight. Three auditions this weekend. One student film with stipend, two theatre auditions with stipend.
Agreed. I wonder if there will be an amnesty clause in next #NHL CBA this summer. Offering lifetime contracts is always risky
Justin Moore will be performing at the Indiana County Fair on Wed. Sept. 1st. Be there.
Turned autocorrect off. Errors, like before, the result of my inability to do decent editing.
They just wanted to delay brady getting the ball back by 10 seconds.
>API Workshop. Congrats!!!!
so #gwawards is the hash tag? I'll be twuned in.
Study says: After 12 weeks, women given a diet with whole wheat products lost 7.9 lbs.
Do you think anyone has ever called Stephen King, Stephen "Queen," just to be funny?
we for sure do have a killer patio! Come on over!!
and and if you really want to shake things up, you could go with BLGT: Bell Gut.
If you keep giving DSLR shooters pointers on how to shoot near-perfect images, they won't need to hire u! U've been warned ;)
Found my Robot Masters stuff; Optimus Primal, Mirage, R-Blade, Star Saber and Victory Leo. As well as some convincing knockoffs. Cool!
SO many CMJ events...how does one choose?
San Diego Surf School is filming with discovery!
I'm the same way most of the time. There's a fine line between too early and on time. I haven't quite found that line yet.
Day 4 of Flat Belly #Diet cleanse - already lost 6.5lbs-actual diet starts tmrw. Will see how it goes pretty hungry so far...
what kind of music are you gonna play??
Starting next Thursday, we'll have Evan Christian playing indoors or out every week starting at 8:30 p.m.! Jazz Aftermath!
aww don't :( maybe twitter just messed up or something. Austin wouldn't do that to a fan for no good reason..
it wouldn't be right without them doe so I pick n choose
you know its getting closer to summer because thats when all the whores come out
#CommonTattoos Butterfly.. cz it means freedom among women
You take the bourbon, I'll take the red wine.
I love Groundhog Day!
“ We all have that one lazy coworker who we'd clock out and beat the fuck out of and then go back to work..”
getting ready to go out
“You have the power to free yourself from the mental prison that fear creates.
Don cornelius? No!
busy. But fun. Me Likey Tokyo very much.
Feeling kind of sick ugh!
Today in California: labor unions gather in Sac to protest service cuts, and 1970s leftist radical Sara Jane Olson is released from prison.
Come visit at LA fitness in Brookhaven. She has goodies from
GT Events, always striving to be the greatest, Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali!
MTV hits has Bieber Fever WOO TV is great!
Getting ready for final Atlas V countdown here at Cape Canaveral!
I love you so mutch.. I do somutch for you.. But you don't follow me. I'll go from Holland to Miami for you this summer
Plastic Surgery Too Soon? 10 Stars Who Are Rumored To Have Gone Under The ... - Radar Online
thanks.. x
I know you're a big fan of grilled cheese! Get over there!
hi how are you? i love you so much ♥
That's a great pic! Thanks for sharing!! They loved it!
SOUP SOUP SOUP SOUP
I'm thinking abt you, Queen, and sending love and energy your way.
Remind yourself that this is how students often feel in disengaging classrooms? Hope not to be like that? Not sure, feelyourpain
Wade what's the deal with this dude right now he is a mess.
WAtched this fucked up video 2n with this Chinese kid named le where this Russian guy got his head cut off it was real
You're welcome! LOL How have you been?
Lovely meeting and at the party last night - I promise to list something soon!
Things that make me smile condescendingly: People who still have STOP SOPA banners on their avatars.
and you call me fat
McDonalds Caesar salad is the truth.
Good For you Follow Me please
Your very welcome! Keep up the great branding! If you ever have questions about billboards or bus shelters I'd be happy to help :-)
Super Bowl Tailgate Pork Sliders demo today from 12 to 4
thanks-a-million follow
When this was published they were prob advocating jumping jacks to avoid pregnancy...
- haven't had bangs since I was 17.. the straight flat look has been my MO forever! NERVOUS to CHANGE, but NEED TO!
Exit row seat with no one in my row. Take that first class.
Pickup line from server at Cafe Coffee Day "Here's your lassi. Sweet, like you. Here's your sandwich. (Awkward pause) Like you."
I love that song to<3
Progressive thinker --> : i finally have a younger generation progressive thinker --&gt.
A huge bus crash on 37 S in Atascosa Co., over 10 ppl injured (via News4)
I'm pretty sure that's my vision of hell.
I'm one of 2 people that RSVPed to the at #FSPF facebook event ha apparently there are only 2 Houstonians who know what's up!
Vest show we've played yet if you ask me. TVA has the coolest fans period. We love you Sayy town. -dg
Thanks love!
I'm really liking the way our recording is going Can't wait to show you all some samples Soon very soon patience is a Crock I always say
#damnyouautocorrect amirite? haha...and yes, frosties are much needed. now go enjoy your cold one!
Haha, I agree rats can be demanding. We have some in the family as well. Great family pets though!
you're like one of the only people I follow who liked it. What is wrong with these people? Flashy, entertaining, sang huge hits.
cosign two times
eh.. I would have gotten him a TRX. Lol
I want cupcakes or a cake ugh. I'm gonna make some later if I get time
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
what did you call me?!
ever since they passed up Jordan in 85 they've been fucked
RT I think gay people need to get high they would see the world like I see it
I understand, Ali. YOU think the world's most perfect food is a pickle. It's definitely in the top 5. But tonight... ;o)
I am taking cues from all my academic tweetise-writing friends.
comes with it too!!
tape everyone together!
i am such a sucker for action packed superhero movies. the new x-men did not disappoint. and i'm in love with michael fassbender.
Well, you ARE a superstar :)
The Top people to follow on twitter to me are The One Direction Boys, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Demi lovato, Austin Mahone, And others
Just got a $1844 repair estimate on our $1200 Panasonic monitor. Don't want an AF100 or any other "pro" products from them any more.
Goodnight Dolls! :) ^_^
: Hey Danielle - were you tweeting from class?
I would say this is the one that made Pollan so popular. The omnivore's dilemma: bit.ly/q1waGy
She! And I had no idea you were such a cynic ;)
S/o to everyone who has voted for #yl. Keep voting and keep showing love
NEW TWITTER X
WebServius provides data monetization / API management / Data-as-a-Service solutions for owners of valuable structured data
I would be remiss if I did.
Come by tomorrow to enjoy some fabulous eggnog orchococlate mint milkeshake or smoothies.
stayin "posted" alright hoodlum
Scary finish. Ferrari needs to be penalized for sure. Otherwise just encourages reckless riding.
Reminded again that 'speaking to someone's listening' is much more effective than spouting my 'brilliant' advice
Mexican food is good, but it doesn't throw you into flavor country like Thai food does.
like an ihop!
hello lovely person :)
LET'S GO BRONCOS!!! Bring on that #MileHighMagic!!!!!!
Females find out if they nigga real or not when they get pregnant.
I have a secret for you guys 😎
ONE thing that will WAKE me UP out of my SLEEP for SURE HANDS DOWN don't matter how good the dream is would be THE SMELL OF FOOD.lol Yum
I'm not going to lie. The meatless Chorizo that I bought for dinner FREAKED me out. Hope it tastes better than it looks.
Many are chosen but few are PHROZEN!!!
I don't need to know theroms to see through your thinly veiled line of community college bullshit. Your high horse wants its dumbass back.
That would be a little to great! Now you HAVE to get it
learning final cut pro
Thank you for retweeting my tweet.
Any great local bands you want hear at World of Beer Brady Street? Let me know!
All I want in my next life is to be a Texas high school football player going to State.
True, why don't vampires just do research to cure cancer with the billion of years they're around...
And you can live off them without having to do shit hahaha
I'm glad the importance metadata is proven!
"He's going from a hip-hop fighter to a rap fighter" says ancient white guy, Larry Merchant on re: Mayweather
on tonight @ 9pm pst. Opportunity Village's Project Enable Supports - Thank You !
Lol aww well thanks soo are you!! yeah I love your name;)
Applying for jobs...
RT : molasses- goes perfect with rum
Early light of morning & I'm buzzed on Kombucha. Great way to start the day. =)
sushi at Destin's Harbor Dock's........possibly the best in the world!
I said move-y. Idgaf
Wow any documentation of that?
Damn those frakking #HR and #recruiting blog posts that start off with "the top 40 ways of..." blablabla.. There is NO TOP 40 you #moron!!
instead of ideation, I think of sketching as exorcism
Never paid more than $5, except the one time I went to Charlie's, and they charged me $6. Thank you sir, I won't have another.
lol ....this will be a big stretch for me....should be a blast...
Why do they always add Becky on the sad parts.?! :(
the show was incredible. It was so nice meeting you! BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE.
Jim O'Brien being fired was long overdue, Larry is next
Is there a charge for Art Alive and what time is it?
But be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek.
"Like you've never been, just, hammered...in college?"
It's America Recycles Day(?) Is that a reference to destructive, imperial foreign policy decisions we continue to make over and over again?
For true success ask yourself these four questions Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now? James Allen
Bondo needed again to fix the track if this crazy 500 makes 40 more laps. Driver diaspora under red flag!
The ebook-print debate is a false dichotomy
Good morning, good morning! Happy and blessed to see another day. God is good! Looking forward to a great day.
The Aji sashimi we have tonight is decadent at the very least...rich, flavorful, fills the mouth nicely. I know what my mid-shift snack is!
just saw you at LAX! Thought I recognized you...safe travels and enjoy detroit!
FWIW: is a Tweeting MACHINE.
Delayed in Denver
= followed y'll..follow back:)
not sure if people know yet - so not responding quite yet... ;)
After many years of airport dining denial, the time has come to resign myself to the fact that Manchu Wok food is gross. Is it even food?
please please please I AM BEGGING ON MY KNEES for a follow <3333 please please please!
trying to figure out best ways to use twitter in #eng3510 this fall. Will have students direct tweet me instead of giving out cell phone
yes feeling better thanks sis
Words of wisdom RT Who has learned to garden, who did not at the same time learn to be patient. ~ H.L.V. Fletcher
follow me its my dream
#ff & two very talented dudes that are on my album!!!
There have been no touchdowns scored in this game by offensive skill players
Building was filled with so many teens it scared our regulars #<3
In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
That's what I did when I moved to Houston, pretty much left everything behind, Had to start from nothing. I just thought"what if"
If Greece exits the Euro Zone, there will be no certainty. RB talking thru his other end. Contagion and potential collapse of EU.
Next up Lisa Bass, Communications Manager at DC Cancer Consortium.
My fam just said to me in describing someone we think lowly of at the moment... He said: he's a real... "Rectal Tear"
"When people are determined on a mode of conduct they know to be wrong, they feel injured by the expectation of anything better from them."
This is incredible, God's totally moving here tonight.
Had dream last night that you were going down an escalator that led to an amazing Camaro which u drove away in. STRANGE.
Excellent work my friend. My favorite part? Bringing it all back home to appraisal. Making value judgments--it's what we do.
Where and when are you hosting it.
sorry I just got home, we had a game at NTCC
Oh! and You're our 100th follower! THANKS!
If from there you seek the Lord your God, you will find Him with all your heart and with all your soul. - Deuteronomy 4:29
@ #cildc: "How can you be a librarian if you look like a slut?" Creative mktg for increased awareness to non-users!
Yeah! Bro! But that's a ride from my house... I appreciate to know I can come over with you I'll give it a go here first 4 now!
Just drove past an inflatable lawn decoration that was a snowman dressed in camo holding a big gun. Thanks Quakertown!
Getting my tan on. :)
I think you blocked one of your fans --> :(
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
April 16-30 bring your jewelry in to be scrapped, repaired or remade &receive a free lunch to Elliotts Deli! Only for the first 25 so hurry!
Forgiving can't change the past. But when you forgive, you sure change the future.
I think I must have missed it. Dammit.
thanks for rockin' solid gear ;), nice! "Lea" is fairly rare. Had to cut the 'h' off the Leah magnet as a kid.
terrible. wanna make it better and follow me ;)
Show on Saturday Chameleon Club Lancaster PA almost sold out
That is the truth.
You're just a daydream away.
IDGAF about everybody else you gon learn today !!!!
I do workshops on it & have an article about community engaged scholarship on the tenure track. Maybe it'll help. We can also DM
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBROOKEBEATTY! Have a great one c:
please participate in are contest that starts 2-10-2012 if u have ?'s thank please ask
Only thing i fear is jesus n commitment
do you like goats?
Procrastination at its best.
New FTA bracelets!! 3 different colors, will have them up on our online merch store in the next few days! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
lol it's a bit misleading though, considering there's minimal walking involved =/
I have faith in our team RA, anything can happen in baseball. Let's see if Reyes can hit your knuckler. LGM! 2012
Who's riding in Reach The Beach? Send your pic from the ride and get $10 in driving credit.
what stores do you shop at?!
Just read that LittleBigPlanet 2 will get a special edition released on 15 Nov. Awesome. Bring it on, Sackboy!
How the phone only ring two times , I know you pressing Ignore
My dream made my whole week:)
check out the beautiful fashion expert and blogger!
Go follow for sick threads.
no..the sun will be out...and so will I.
One week!
impressed that you rode all the way from Bainbridge!
I have "Pride" for
We love you for tweeting that!
You did an amazing job!
Probably should have ran the clock
"I take pride in getting people excited about stupid crap."
Ugh i feel crapy
Either most coaches don't make these many restrictions, or the student-athlete doesn't go public with them if they do.
is a talented videographer that has directed videos for many of us in Athens...hence the overzealous twitter blast!
good send T, hit it again!
Why are all the links in #tweedeck not hyperlinked? Anyone else having this issue?
Merck &amp; Co. Partners with Trevena to Identify Biased GPCR Receptor Ligands - Genetic Engineering News
It takes time when 1 is as creative as I AM... Don't rush my Master Piece
Not gluten-free ones anywhere that I know of.
Your very welcome. :)
I love it!
haha you're watching jersey shore(:
I need to go to sleep. dunno if that'll happen but I need to get offa twitter for it to be even remotely possible. but I don't want to. ugh.
You guys, whatever it is she's making, it looks epic! Awesome!
we need to be playing OUR GAME!!
working hard on our May 19-20 working group kick off meeting for the capacity self assessment project held in Chicago.
Ah finally some alone time with my iTunes. Time to work and burn the midnight oil.
Getting tickets to How To Succeed? I think yes. here I come
I realized last week how internet dependent I am. Thanks rural Alaska for the nice wakeup call, I was nearly shaking with the lack of 3G
Lets hope Larc starts to blossom. Sure would be good to have a Larc student onboard to help an Arch firm
Make new Facebook work for you by making the most of lists, milestones, custom apps & cover photo ( from a.m. Session)
Yup, no, pairwise. The bar is not all that high.
Bless you.
I love singing. ♥ Music is saving me.
Samsung Galaxy S I tipped to land on all four major U.S. carriers
Happy Birthday. I'm the bDay Girl too:) I Loved the Movie:) I'm goin see it again.
Was gonna get some shots up went outside and it's pouring
#favmoviequote "Yes you deserve to die, and i hope you burn in hell!!!"
Milwaukee Bucks at Washington Wizards tipping off at 7:00 PM ET #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
loves her nieces and nephews with all of her heart! <3 <3 <3 <3
Man, I wish I had been there for that.
cute! Good to see you together!
#Redsox win #Bruins style
man. Always have meant so much to m.e.
“: got a PR on the Clean - 135# for 3 2night! And It felt freaking fantastic! #crossfit #pumpedup” nice!
Glitched narratives, or what Super Mario Bros. can tell us about Pale Fire.
“Signature” Restaurants – Are They Worth It? Part 3
Damn, Gina. Don't think I could do that.
Someone woke up with poopy pants!!
I think I'd be similar. :)
can i burrow the purple pants i wish to be hawkeye
Work hard every day and don't stop until you just can't do anymore.
well your good at yelling and you could use your gymnast skills to make cheerleading more umm fun :)
thanks for the RT, appreciate it!
I really need to get rid of the lame in my life!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't express yourself without music :/
Our logo received a festive upgrade... #HappyHolidays everyone!
nice, thanks for telling me.
bad news is that my daughter is moving out of Texas...good news is she's moving to SC, very close to my son. always a silver lining!
Thanks for your support of our independent films
RT: Not the case. I'm not on the take. My site ad and sponsor free. "every" is SRONG word
Listening in on the and Peyton Manning press conference :(
First Rule of 's Turkey Club: Bacon, lettuce and tomato and lots of mayo
Time to get some work done, thanks for all the super sweet messages! You all ROCK! XOXO!
And the cast is off! Thanks to all my awesome friends who came to visit and hang out with me last week!
Thanks!! RT : check out www.zcoil.com you might like those shoes to run in! funky lookin but amazing shoes
Gearing up to discuss "Who You Are Online" at TIE!
oh thank god lol! I was like damn that's cut throat to do that then tweet about it lol
Danke. Yeah man. That might be fun to bring back.
I did lol :b RT : well, you could try running for a towel if you wanna risk it? =P
Listening to in the car. 💗 Saw them when they opened for Guster. I've been addicted ever since.
How exciting! When are you coming to S.A?
Happy Valentine's day to all women out there. May your day be filled with love.
being sick during summer is the pits!
Golf time round two
. . . . & you wonder why I'm not w/ you now! It always some shit going on w/ you. . . Loopy Ass!!!
Finishing up some yowls for Hope to have them done and ready for delivery to the Playground very soon!
on the road... driving from jax to tampa right now. work at 9pm... seven did it big
I hope your talking about the Jason Kapono interview
awww! You have no idea how touched I am by what you just wrote. Thanks Karla!!
ALA Conference going well. Good discussions; great to see people; looking forward to FAFLRT programming Sunday.
Love your body type for what it is- amazing- at our free #NutritionWorkshop on 2/21! Call us at 619-501-5664 to reserve!...
I already told the teachers, many times, but they keep do that. it just SO UNFAIR
Some poor lil child left they shoe on the back bumper of my truck
Excuse me!! excuse me!! girl the back of yo head looks ridiculous lol
Going to the hockey game tonight!
music brings the whole world together.
Did you know...TODAY 3,750 joints are replaced in the US
you picking me up today?
Welcome My New Followers Welcome!!!!! Hi
this is NOT Hal Gill. this is a girl who is in love with hal gill and wants to have an account in his honor. follow me
Filed my taxes.
Saw El Yunque, the U.S.'s only rain forest and a potential 7th Wonder of the World, today.
more african american indie filmmakers...
More than welcome PJ..
ok cool, look forward to the email.
Fresh off the flight. Rushing home to move in my new spot. Lawd I'm tired! Y'all pray I make it thru the day!
what are the plans?
Take a look at Nokero on Clean Energy Authority.
Happy birthday Melissa McCrady!
- Love the Elevation Dock update on Kickstarter! Can't wait to get mine - will local pick up be available?
Your dog is adorable :) how old??
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. ~ John F. Kennedy
7 in a Row hello Washington we have a baseball team!!! Monday morning I will be doing the Riggle in the streets of our Nations capital!!
VERY! #nothappywithnytimestoday RT : tired of constantly being asked "How does it feel to be a problem" in multiple ways.
dat ass! It's all I got. But for real I'd be a way better waiter than he is too.I'd even warn u about the shitty martini u got!
you too! Thanks for reminding me about moms day.i need to get on that! Enjoy the sun!
Hey can you DM your email address or follow me? I want to send you a business note.
is one of the most inspiring and talented figures in music today. Thoughts?
Hey great news got you nickelback tickets for your birthday #spoileralert let's go
Are you emailing it to him or que?
make it nasty *asya's voice*
i think i exceeded my cookie quota for the week...in the last hour
whatever every time we pass McDonald's you say something about them
Wow. Just wow. Plastic in my potato?
Friday... Only one week until our next show, which is in Athens at Casa with sassafraz!
A little behind the scenes info on shooting the American Cancer Society's Cure for Design event at www.brandonphotos.com
. recognized from the podium for tireless support of foster care investigation.
that's impressive!
Ladies Drink Free at Dick's Pizza and Pleasure tonight! Doors open at 10! 730 N Milwaukee
UP. No I dreww it brah!
Riding with my mama listening to burbons and lacs
Dmx knows couples therapy isn't gonna help his crazy ass
hey thanks for the follow
Looking for something fun to do? For free? 4 tickets to Seattle U men's basketball today 3pm tip off, parking pass included!
lol who knew fashion fair had a dupe?!
is correct. Otherwise I think it will be a good visit. I talked to her the other day but when she sees the marks she will have an
Running a 5k in the morning. Oh boy. Wish me luck.
My thoughts exactly.
lol i know
It's like no one's here haha
Todays daily special: Jamacian style chicken soup YUM! only $3.00 a cup come get it while its hot!
Getting ready to cook Tilapia simmered in wht wine and tomatoes over rice
Tommorow is friday so that means less workout at track practice today and then tommorow track will end wohhooooo
WWBD (What Would Ben Do)... Words to live by...
miss you so much more Julia! Happy new year!!! <3
RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
Left out of this morning's list-serv message: Deadline to submit Prof. Dev. Reimbursement requests to LISSA is TOMORROW, March 2!
Thinking about putting #Gettin2TheMoney on what you think?
keep pushing hard daily J, thanks for sharing your progress!
sleeping, r u kidding? im standing back here like a horse, working like a dog
girl right! That's all they want
We still need to explore it more. But I think it does have potential. Issue is we find ourselves spread thin btwn all SN.
loud and obnoxious is prerequisite for being ghetto
#15minutes , keeps us on our toeess, (:
I do, im coming lol
Up early and ready to tackle Thurs!
Why is it all of a sudden so cold out though?
I keep asking. can you send me e mail for michael bamberger and for you. By the way I'm at 1,244 and counting. How's your son doing?
Princess Diaries ❤
- thanks for the Top 10 Picks re-tweet! See anything you particularly liked?
There is a pattern developing.
Honoring the amazing Ed Wulfe at the Center for Houston's Future lunch.
Hope everyone had a great V-Day!! I enjoyed time with my loves!! Back to the grind tomorrow..Trial in the AM!!
Yearbook photos and stories of Willard Mitt Romney in today's NYTimes a reminder that you don't need Facebook to be haunted by your past.
23 songs + 1 booklet. The 23rd "song" is actually the press conference so it's not really a song but it's included
Why is it so hot here ? Is Austin somewhere here ?
Early & often. lol
glad you could come, and happy mothers day!
L.a. Denver game is insane right now! Go nuggets!
u sumed up my life as a kings fan
Somebody left a lot of Pocky in the breakroom here. Score.
Planning full day of shopping in #chitown and getting any/everything i want!!
Chris Paul. Nut puncher.
Hangover from hell 😷
please follow me
Jenn Proske from Vampires Suck will be on our show soon stay tuned!⁰
Share your photos of Groove Phi Swing unity on our Facebook page or hit us up via Twitter
There's no fake Torey Malatia quote in the credits this time. Glass says he just doesn't feel like it this week :(
we may be recording some sessions, although I can't make any promises. We will have many power points & handouts though!
when was the last time uw gave up 70 on national tv...
o no, is this kid moving to town? RT : you sign the lease?
I want to see it too. looks fantastic. so many movies, so little time.
Did everyone who attended the event last night enjoy it ?
one of the most best Easter's I had today at the champ center. GOD IS SO GOOD!
Not surprised I got my first gray hairs in these past two years
come back to Chicago with the boyz! We miss you like crazy! #BoyzComeBack ! xo
To value FB in the same class as Apple, Google, C, JPM, BRKA and BRKB, TRV, PGR and others is plain stupid. FB's Board and CEO are poor
Wow. Denver DA charges woman with pair of felonies for allegedly lying to get out if jury duty.
I'm thinking tweetdeck might just be my new best friend. At least it hasn't crashed yet like twitterfon kept doing.
lol sounds gewd and I are both home cozy in our beds now anywayyyyss
Looking forward to meeting with tonight for their Recent Grad meeting! Hope to see y'all there- Johnston Hall 415
": Last day in April. Final month. Can't finish yet. Can't rest #jerrykramer4hof" We won't stop until August in Canton!
You're going one day early May the 4th Be With You!
awesome! Thanks!:)
Commissioner Goodell hugs are awkward
yep :D
YES! RT : It's almost time for the only crab that matters
yea it's a good one...
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont CHOCOLATE. I know it's weird, but I hate it. Hate me if you want, but you have to hate my skinny jeans too :-P
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. -- Malcolm Forbes
#2favpeopletweet “: The Thermometer or the Thermostat - Be the 1 who sets the temp, not the one who reacts to it!”
man I wish I could go today. Gunna go on sat though!
“: SO. who wants to see a picture of me? -A” ME!
just a few more days until we play at Bonnaroo - Thursday 6/10 :30 PM on the Troo Music Stage
Interview tomorrow. Keeping my fingers crossed!
i always do that, though. even when they win. they gave adu a BS red card.
When is it and how much?? :)
lol what's that suppose to mean?! And idk if we can speak after you changed your twitter name like that on me
We're working on that now RT : How many Walker admin lackeys are going to keep pushing SB10 when Sumi declaring contempt?
Time for a midnight snack.....
they are actually for my dad. Otherwise, they would have been.
Blake just be quiet. Don't get a tech and thrown out the game. You guys are winning
DNA review finds some of the evidence used to convict Amanda Knox in Italy is unreliable. More at 5:30 on
My littles are completely incapable of understanding the concept of "wait until Mother's Day to give your present".
So my sister comes over throwing up! Like really.
Males have female tendency, they run they mouth just as much and say reckless shit, when their ego get hurt
it's only pretty cool if you're talking about how exactly you would position his body in a threesome.
I don't even like people on me.
I wanna get something to eat
Merry Christmas Austin hope you have a wonderful day!(: love you<33
no comment Wayne
#FearOfMine Sneezing while driving.
the reason I want as much video with out sacrificing ! Want the full 3 Minton go! No what I want to send ,need the time ....
Grrrr I swear...
Is it one of those 1950's drive-in themed BK's with the fake jukeboxes? Those ones are creepy
Home from the wedding gig. It is too damn hot outside. Peeling my dress off and taking a nap. Air conditioning is the best invention ever
That's cute! I call Freyja dribbles because she drools so much!
just followed
DJs are the best actors
very pretty, & classy!!! French Manicure you can never go wrong its the only way I get my nails.
(shhhhh but they're currently on the phone to each other as I type discussing a #ThugInACocktailDress!)
Entire Michael Aram Inventory is now 40% off!!
Its been on news all week lol
I'm great! And you?
U know u hve the entrepreneur spirit whn ur mind is constantly thinking business.
cant wait till i get your book!! it will be legit;)!
don't feel bad, I was in college when the show first aired. That. Old.
Some people are so flippin bipolar now days!
thanks i love glee
If you don't like what your community looks like, change it.
lol. Taxi: Chase that tornado.
GO JETS!!
Meghan received an invitation on Facebook to r.s..v.p. to the party. Correct?
The further you are from the roots of the organization - the more likely you'll end up out on a limb with the nuts - Grant Fairley
Pretty sure I've seen you in 3 different commercials just this weekend alone Must be nice #work $
Middle school worship this morning was amazing. Anybody who says that middle school students can't focus and worship God, are mistaken.
Hey its raining real hard in chula ewwww its all wet:P
Omg livin that jlo did a performance with boy toy!
you know you went to the french lycée when most of your facebook feed consists of people complaining about sarkozy losing to hollande
Really enjoying my user-centered analysis classes at Today is my favorite - usability testing!
have a great day...stay dry
Rest! He has you right where He wants you. Rest! God has your back.
I'm out here stuntin!
fat ass
Always do the unexpected
Pretty cool story tonight. A group in ABQ won some money in the Mega. Wait until you hear who they're giving some of it to. KOB at 6.
at Georgetown EMBA
#imagine Dave dancing on stage with Austin hahahahahahhahahahahhahahaaaa
Great review...
Time for a quick nap before the world series!
hey Cutie thanks for the follow and you should check my YouTube channel @ YungSmookDawg
Watching #bluebirds feeding in the neighborhood - can't wait to get my own nest box up!
RT “: The best artist aren't the ones looking for the fame, but mearly looking for a means to express themselves.”
I use The Early Editon
Sometimes It's all in the mind.
RT : Fender, Iconic Guitar-Maker, Aims to Rock Wall Street With IPO (timeblogs): Share With Friends: | | Business -......
Her response was "Its so Western to divorce, start a new family, and keep in touch w/ your first set of kids"
my brain is Swiss cheese at times. Next time for certain! xo
Sleeping all 7th period .. Waking up freezing !😪
If Your Not Following Us Because You Think This Is Only About Making Our Dreams Come True Then YOUR WRONG. We Are About Chasing Your Dreams!
wish I was coming to to see you! thanks for following!
Walking Jackson then doing. Aton of cleaning. Def not enough time in the day before #crossfit tonight
MTV True Life just left and we have a new selection of Buddah Bars. 2 g of mmj and super strong. Come check them out.
I Love You♥ I Love you♥
very true... It's all about where your audience is... But I think they just draw different types of users
M - always some sort of character ice cream pop with gumball eyes.
collison did just yank his ass ...
DYK? Noted author and poet Sonia Sanchez was a member of AKA. ..
no, didnt go to the game last night...tho that woulda been fun. did church, my friend's recital, then church again :)
wrestling coach at the high school I used to work for used them, but he cut them up so the boys wouldn't know what they were!
Besties are the grey hooded fiances driving me to the airport at the crack of effing dawn...if only Webster were along for the ride!
And you just made my point. HBO is not going to shit in their own bed.Meaning: they are not going to piss off their best custs
nick nick nick :) can u please follow me
#celticschat BASS= A BOSS!
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
Drake & Josh is the best show
Saw your "Sh*t Hijabis say" vid on youtube! HYSTERICAL! :-)
Guess the Heat will just win in 5 now.
SUPER CUTE! i'll be in ATX this weekend!!!! :)
: "abundance is creating a life of possibility"
Can't wait for tomorrow
So many small things combined for the perfect day
yes Australia
I always knew I wanted to become somebody when I grew up. Now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
I mean, I know the song, but...no.
Luckily Pierce with a knee injury is like the boy who cried wolf... I hope. Please please please...
My heart big, but it beat quiet...
I love this love triangle of friendship!! Amirta- I do not see you enough!! (you too, sunk!)
I bought tickets for the BSO playing Star Wars music in Oregon Ridge in July. Because lasers.
Will you be adding the ability to add twitter lists to the board anytime soon?
#ThingINeverUnderstood.....why fat bitches are fat bitches
With bells on, sir. cc/
Javascript assignment for Info Tech completed and submitted. Hated every minute of it, but I'm happy I did it.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms! #DMCSATX this Saturday at ! Doors open at 8!
<<< World's cutest forking couple. (Next to Sammy && Carlos. ;D )
Bruno Mars had a Grenade, and Tiao Cruz had a Dynamite, so they both threw them at Katy Perry who exploded like a Firework
: #NationalCleavageDay tweet this if you love
waiting for the opening night at next week #abq has to be a fav for outdoor locations
We were promised cake, but instead we got death by fire. :( LOL I love
"Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions. Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through"
Done with finals!!!
walking vineyards
On the running machine #makeitcount listening to nye mix just posted the link on fb if u wanna hear it
Thank you for coming to the show!
Are you 'training' for a sport, or 'exercising' for a better quality of life? There's a difference. CG Philosophie.
#Journalism startups need sustainable biz plan w/at least 70 pct funds from earned income, says
“: Ash Wednesday... any plan for Lent?”. I'm giving up procrastination.... Tomorrow.
That's what girls do
Andrew Sallans now taking about the big picture of escience
oh thank you!
It's a shame we won't get to see Greinke vs. Carpenter in the NLCS. I'd like to see who'd wear one first. And the brawl would be epic.
Warm up with a cup of Darjeeling tea and a Rosemary Olive oil bagel on your way to work
That nap was so great.
$680 worth of suits! Yeah, you can say I'll be lookin' good! Haha
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
. But, Chris. . .here is a question in earnest. . .how could RC be used in conjunction with CCSS?
Much needed day off tomorrow! Although great rehearsal today! Freakin' talented cast!!!!!!
#pudsey so haooy you guys won:)
21 Jump Street is fkn awesome!!
UT alum is presenting on free business resources right now in room 362 BCEF
:( thinking about you & your family Kyle. So sorry for your loss!
#nowplaying House Party ; Meek Mill
Could be. Revising theory tho. Might be a bit longer, but out of work developers will start teaching @ high schools soon enough.
To & , thanks for following.
Love the collection!
Sweet! Good luck to you.
OMG you are NUMBER ONE for BEST FANS! RT if you love your MAHOMIES
i wonder if he give her good d will i really get a raise lmaoooo
"basketball wife" is my new look
hahaha I thought you would!!
Hello Twitter
Figuring out details for my next trip to LA in three weeks. I didn't think I'd be back this fast :)
Sitting in this room with all these people reminds me that I hate people
Party rock anthem.
The powerful conversation tools contained in this book (Authentic Conversations) will cont. -
if u could support any one of the caricters how would it be a.Fred and George b.Harry and ginny c.Ron and granger or d.Draco
The areas of your life that needs a overhaul. pride, unforgivness, disobedience, apathy etc. Imagine how smooth the ride of life will...
Im mad about following DUMB Stuff like Current 93 Death in June Coil-it just kept me from so much other music.I hated that time/early 1990's
they got the most complete team in the league .... Starters to the bench smh
That's my thing man!
RT : Show the world what a beautiful person you are. Let it shine. <-- Love this! Let's see all that radiant light ablaze!
So this weekend looks promising
I prayed for those who consider me their enemy today!
That awkward moment when your crush talks to you, and your friends are more excited than you are.
Extras in brewtown!
hahahahah! you wish!
Show is great, but you need to read the books. Thick reads, but quick. Joffrey is even more evil on pages
spraying us with silly string at the bus stop. They jumped out like we it was a movie coming out there
12:04 & I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!! Ur amazing 143 <3 4
Visit us at www.onqnites.com for more info on our events.
Karin Victoria Silvstedt (born 19 September 1974) is a Swedish celebrity model, actress, singer, and television personality
Word. Happy for all the progress but these assholes in the way need to be voted out. Dems all over need to get out the vote
I'd say we should grab coffee or a drink but a day doesn't sound like a very long trip. Safe travels!
Happy Mother's Day to me! Queen for a day!
i'm a walking travesty, but i'm smiling at everything.
Myspace ftw?
Have been reading MS&T every nite, a fast read. Wud love to hear more about ManVsWild. #NextBook ;-)
lolz i was
It'll be interesting to watch what happens to the kid on the cover of the 5/21 edition of too.
great article on Milwaukee... may want to check out and follow The Cardinals love it. Not.
Daddy gone get it in tonight! What better way to end the week #WeLikeToParty - XavierLT.com
you too! Love your idea and site. Great job. If you're ever in LA let's meet up!
#inthe90s Digimon was still relevant, and I loved it.
Went to the mall today with my friends, had fun :D
Help me, !
Less Friends , Less Bullshit..
Thanks for shopping with us! Have a safe and beautiful Labor Day Weekend!!
Remind me to ask you about you later.
I would rather go to a Twighlight premiere.
“: Listening to on the Local Buzz” Thanks for tuning in tonight Patti! #YouRock!
"All these teams that lost tonight don't have big guys." My point exactly, Charles Barkley.
G Peppas swag jacking my style
Frankie says relax. And see you Wednesday.
whats to ya ?
Last meeting of the year today at 1PM in Donahue 218B.
Warm Wishes!
Lonnie might kick your tail if he catches wind your eyeing his gig!
In 3 years, China added more Internet users than exist in the USA.
that one person you just always feel like talking to, but knowing it just wouldn't be the same.
50 years in business - pretty proud time for all of us @ Custom Art. Thank you all for everything!
yeah.. that's what I'm doing.
Smiling but u r not the reason :)
I saw it on the news this morning. Damn terrorists!! Its really pathetic.
Someone talk a walk to the bay with me
david why is that going to far? Am i missing something?
can we put them on bug rotation when you're done? enjoy!
forever long... 13 hours to San Fran then another 3 hours to Austin
Never give up on something you really want. Its difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret!
'girls are witches they can lift things without touching them'
The next 8 hours of my life I will be in birthing class. Please don't try to tweet or text me as I do not want to be distracted.
The weather is turning out to be perfect for all the reading I need to get done for my #WIP research. Not at all tempted to go outside.
15 years in TH is starting to be too long
Might freeze tonight and tommorrow night so shut off your timers to prevent ice on sidewalks & driveways from overspray
Tickets @ Ticket outlets are $55, but they are in Miami.
Great read. Thanks for linking the article.
np! You have great content! ;)
take pics! didnt know about this! Sry to miss it! “: GREAT! I'll come check it out!”
MUNI inspectors checking transfers and valid fares all along Market right now. My bus got hit twice!
please follow so I can coordinate prizing from #spookley party with you. Thanks!
pretty sure my students were given speed before class today. so that was... fun.
Hello, EasyJet & RyanAir, can you please update your websites? BER won't be open in July. Please change it back to SXF. Need tix urgently!
All Day Event!!!
bored wish i had a time machine
You okay man?
I have a lot of food at my table and I'm alone. Learn from me, skinny Qdoba loitering hipster teenagers.
Friendship is love with understanding.
Artists in Action Event: Celebrating the Fall of the Berlin Wall at GMU. Looking for actors and vocalists!
Thanks for a wonderful reception at the University Club tonight! So proud to be in ODK!
I... don't know what this is/is for, but sweet!
When the discussion was going on I said T-jack would win!
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of it's troubles ... it empties today of it's strength. - M. Engelbreit #findthepositive thx
which one?
happy #FF back at ya. Call it a volley ;)
So.... Why didn't anyone tell me that it's slim pickings on the men in New Orleans???
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call? "You can do anything. Try again." Mom is still right!
Not sure it's healthy for the rest of society but we are giving it a go.
“: I'm happy for all the people tweeting about going to shows but we need some love up north! OH or IN soon?” hope so!
lol when I saw the commercial for it I noticed he was cute but he looked young so I didn't do anything about it! Haha
Don't keep looking back, you'll never see what's coming
Ok I'm going to slap every lightskin girl with a fish that prefers a lightskin dude over a brownskin dude.
the chemist has been waived by the Knicks. They're in trouble again aren't they?
Good luck on your new endeavor The site is great.
dane cook is.a dbag I.agree!!!
you should totally do a Christmas album! I would
Long line for Ralph Lauren - lets hope I make it...
and raised the two boys, and the man's daughter, to be decent human beings. The younger boys, who were brought into the family by no fault..
Even if you just pledge $1 you can still be the Photobomber.
Thanks for your past service and follow!
I'm doing good thanks. :) Hoe about you? And to answer your question, if someone tweets something from Tumblr, all you need (c)
Can I be your hero in my dreams?
You should follow my sister she rocks.
so. Why cant she go
Ok! Back to real life!
Nick if u see this tweet thanks again for subscribing to my friend and thanks for the letter. :)
I go through post-its like crazy! Good thing I
. 1st Quarter: Solid Steeler play 2nd Quarter: Mayhem and foolishness
Oh and if people are tryna steal my thunder, at least credit me or will find you. K?
Best Rapper Award: Drizzy Drake
THATS WHAT IM SAYING! They need to go .
You and all of Seminole Nation
Can I put a bounty on whoever let Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski get into the news cycle?
Wow - love the new look!
your hotter (;
Cypress Hill (Rock) Superstar top 5 also.
Im Mad They Were Five Points Away Lbs
Hoping for a great outcome for my boy Brew using a holistic approach to veterinary medicine for the cure or comfort of his arthritis.
#SomberSongs Blight Room
Hey guys, I have nothing to do with this. Sorry your having a problem, but why attach me?
anywhere u go i will be following u
is my 13 yr old son sitting pressbox covering today's game
-- Where You Come From ? Lol
very cool! I will see you there next month :)
Happy Mother's Day💐🌷🌸
Well,we coming down in April to visit...and if stuff don't pop off up here for me..im moving back down by early 2013 :-)
I'm not going to be at TLA this year :-( but I will be at the UNT Alumni dinner on Thursday.
wow I go to sleep for 45 minutes and this happens lolol
#NowPlaying The WHOLE CD. x
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory. – Fortune Cookie
it would make this the best birthday if you wished me a happy birthday alex <3
I'm going 2 say good night now b4 my eyes begin to cross..Nite Nite everyone!!!
Luke Babitt needs to make threes to be an effective NBA player...so maybe he can be effective, cause he is making threes
NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC. (cont.)
#WhoApprovedThis "Girl you a dime and I don't wanna spend it so Imma put you in my penny bank."
how did you get homemade butter? Did you make it?? Yum
Regionals tomorrow! !!!!!!! Were gonna rock the house! !!!!!!
Ads on YouTube videos have cut my video watching almost in half lol. If not more.
love it! Beautiful voices and very cute together.
Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your home’s HEPA filters, and don’t forget about the filters in your AC and clothes dryer, too.
Now i'm hoping just a little bit stronger, hold me up just a little bit longer. i'll be fine, I swear, i'm just gone beyond repair.
If I had a snare drum I'd march up/down the halls playing it. May have to settle for capirotada instead. You?
Who would of thought a simple "hello", would go this far :')
So far really liking ABC daytime's new show The Revolution. Sort of like what you would find in a magazine, but on TV.
"This truly a gift that goes beyond four walls and a roof," says Sequoia's mother.
what's wrong? 😒
Is that still a story? It wasn't much of one to begin with. I guess with the SB in the books, beat writers have nothing to do.
#facfaceoff is trending for DC!
lmao I get that a lot. I don't like cheesecake either... :o
MyCity PROMO TIP: Treat the events you work like any other job--do great work and you're more likely to get hired again!...
Free my dad Jerome I miss you already!
Debbie Skelly~ In a mirror last place becomes first place... Just depends on how you wish to look at it.
Check now!
You're so welcome - glad we could help!
great, till than!
he said colts take fleener or upshaw
Dang, twitter is dead, they should make an app for tumblr for every phone!
Back to the hotel after a tasty dinner at schlafly
I will get back to after the season about the FCA Lacrosse Cincy team.
Snl so far really good
is that a coors light, Eric?!
'cause you a trip
Saturday cartoons make me happy
not yet. Tell your local craft beer stop to order some. It's open to any location that is hosting an event.
Looking for alligators today...
lmao your turn drew...
My liver is extremely grateful for the past 5 hours of napping & 3 gallons of water
Can't stay up any longer
yes my name is clearly synonymous with fashion
thanks for sharing, have a wonderful day!
" You can buy Education, but you can't buy Class. "
Thank you to all the brave ladies who have shared the story of your Alopecia journey with us. Stay strong!!!
These long as videos <<<<
Take out "bitch" and all of these are nerdgirl swoon-a-riffic.
It was great watching my son score 2 goals @ Pike soccer league today!!!!
So sick of funnel cakes...
Tell me, what does, Bom-Chicka-Bow-Bow mean? Don't be shy now...
For people trying for KC today Is anyone filling out their billing information while they wait? -Caitlin xx
I wonder if he can actually sing... Like, in real life.
oh crap,my bachelor pad just turned into the IPAD,too much shit going on and half of it you don't need!
could I get a rt on being your #1 fan
I feel like we've all been very presumptuous with regard to the appetite of wolves for the last 30 years or so.
Found a tick nymph on me! The ticks are OUT in force!
learn how to tweet faggot
I thought I seen u lol
Whoever has power to say yes or no, those are the gatekeepers for
Bleu is 1000% behind Bring it on home! Already counting on Game 7.
Don't forget to RT your boy and Those guys really are nuts and on this thing, sir. See u soon
How many times you seen a guy steal home on a pickoff? I can't remember seeing it. Also, Cole Hamels = smart.
Today's PR 3.0 will be at the Slammer Tavern just a couple blocks down Stark from our headquarters. See everybody there at 4 p.m.
yes, Wiz on it, Or fight fire with fire;)
see? And you pre-judged.
We are curious to know if any of you have had success getting your message to your clients through Twitter or is it a waste of time?
Grow your hair back out, then are you dtf? c;
Thanks. Is there a specific sponsor code for this drive?
Yves Klein exhibition app! Hirshhorn -> Walker
Dang i feel like shit foreal
The most common response from my beloved friend to me ==> RT : sigh.
Finnish students don't suffer from PTWS (Post Testing Withdrawal Syndrome). Unemployment for PTWS specialists skyrockets.
nahh I dont think so coach said he thinks its just bruised I should be good
what's a fun project I can use to teach kindergarteners about you?
I decided I need to get back up on my tweet game. #imbackbeeches how you doin gurl?
My Auntie House
Thx to my daily schedule is packed w/ all the things I actually WANT 2 be doing! I've never been so excited 2 wake up before 8am!
That "one side" just wants Obama to fight for what he stood for during his election.
looking for a good t-shirt place in Lincoln Park, any ideas? #Go Local
So Creighton is my new college bball favorite
Heading to the #txhimss conference with ! Let the fun begin!
Thanks man!
Of course it is. #HypotheticalQuestion :)
tonight both the Brat and Ale Houses will be rockin ( via karaoke) sp PLEASE come a knockin ( or a singin or a drinkin or both)
Nice job Philly!!!!
Worst day of my life
Hash Tag for Rally to Restore Sanity is
RT Philadelphia jails are so overcrowded that antidepressants (Lexapro) are given to all prisoners to "keep peace"
Good luck with that whole using deviance to alleviate boredom loop.
Time to invest in a new bathing suit for senior trip!
": If you say "Gullible" slowly, it sounds like "Oranges".." Fell for this
Just spied you were here at #hyperlocal. Would love to say hello after this panel. Wall back to Convention Center?
Loving your book! Had a "la mia moglie...malata di stomaco" moment w/ Italian pharmacist in Florence. Thank God for Geffer.
If Congress has the power to make you engage in an activity that you don't want to do - where is the limitation upon the Federal Gov't?
General Washington is looking for an engineer to help correct some of the defensive lines in the camps around Boston.
4 year olds take it the best of all. They usually just shrug and continue playing. They're wiser than adults in that way.
you're welcome :) *hugs*
I was up at 5:15!!
but i really want our bros to take us
you just posted like 70 tweets in 10 seconds how
Bravo JM! I like the piece too!
Wishing everyone a #happy and #healthy #NewYear. Be safe tonight!
BEST start to a birthday ever: breakfast delivered to my desk by Make-your-own breakfast burritos? HOW DO YOU KNOW ME???
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Lets all do our part to visit local wine shops, restaurants and markets in our area!!
I expect to see at the show tonight. #noexcuses!
John kuan is on here
what kernel are you using? And with what settings?
I'm finally entering the world of Tweeting. What fun! Follow me. love you, AFT
Sadly not yet. We haven't found the right large music festival partner in NYC or East Coast to date. Always hoping though!
if u are in twitter now call me mena going to pick up ask him were he is let me know
I'd piss blood for a week for a prairie fire right now
Obama endorses same-sex marriage. I oppose it.
Smelling like hot dogs as you go to sign up for a 5k: Embarrassing? It's gotta be
"you ask" "no you ask" "will you please ask?" "why can't you ask?" "fine...hey my friend wants to ask you something"
Watched Zayns dancing video once again.. <3
Second grade lied, I never use cursive.
Tomorrow morning starts a day/night long internal hackathon on campus. Very exciting!! #innovation #swingforthefences!!
ah okay :)
yay! maybe i'll make it to the gym today. ;)
I'm so sorry to hear that. Hope you feel okay! :]
how not to learn how to drum: listen to your original songs, try to imitate Jon Bollinger, repeat.
ha! Thanks girl :) you do the same!!
<---- girl that messes up sh*t (smh)
namedropping Jeff Peterson Cup 2011. I still want those shows!
i ❤ elizabeth
There are a few things I really really hate but one of those things is a LIAR. I hate LIARS.
. Nice blog. Sorry for your loss, and thanks for the important perspective.
RT Rep. Phillips takes Krider to task on her implication that PP targets college students.
Pretending I have Amnesia works everytime
thanks re #exhibit3! we're looking for some early collaborators with interesting data to test... suggestions welcomed ;)
I'll be there shooting. Hit me up and I'll make sure you get pics.
Twins run heavy in my family and have skipped my sisters thus far, with my luck I'll have twins - twin girls at that. Ewww, I'll cry. :(
wow! #honored!
when he stood smiling and it was just there like aw
Metalcore/Deathcore rising band from Grand Rapids MI. Check out our songs and see if you like us! thanks for the support
absolutely, Im sure they will love it ! already used by Tigers, Mets, Sox, Mariners etc.... should be a gr8 day thx invite!
I would be curious what the stats are for teams trying to get the 2 for 1. P, fg% etc.
Send our congratulations to Taryn!
My concern is not that anyone will think less of me. My concern is that I will think less of me.
It is spam. I just had to change my password. Don't click on it!!
#MarchMadness prep is underway in Louisville...four games here tomorrow...lots to do!
Hi world
lol me too!
I need sleep !
Check out our Facebook.com/ChaseMarketingGroup page for images from past events and more!
And I'm back on the ground in the ATL - phew, that was a marathon 9days!
Fun Fact Friday: 3 out of 4 domestic trips taken are for leisure purposes (77%).
Well u have an amazing voice Izabelle and guess what??
create a black guy date some white bitches slay some dragons
Yes, they do, as well as a responsibility to introduce audiences to different voices, cultures, costumes.
Jones playing Beastmode today
RT : Be encouraged. Stay on your hustle. You can’t fail until u quit.
I'll come speak for free!
hes not a good defender, that comment is pretty baseless. you're essentially going off public perception
it felt like a dropoff from the other Blizz games of the era, tho I love the mindless arcade games that came before!
yes!!! and by a bunch of little black people stupid ass shit though
I'm guessing Madison DMd you..
So I dodged the 7:15am meeting tomorrow. At least until next week.
Someone should have told me Paul McCartney was playing at Wrigley. I would have made different travel plans! omg
Only guy I love is Eminem💙
At the library I work at there are 490 people on the waiting list for Hunger Games. And we have over 200 copies. IT'S CRAZY.
Joseph Conrad said, “The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary
CHALLENGE PREVIEW: Tomorrow you will get the chance to win a FREE Fit2Go meal. Stay tuned!
can I tweet blushing, Love to you, and appreciation for your awesome talent? Cuz I want to.
Hahaha i play to much smh ... :)
yesh. And nice to meet you. :]
Bust out your chains for the weekend! Want some? Hit me up!!
YAY LOVE! Got our 1st hit from India since putting up tracking system www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
I'm on call 2nite. Hopefully uninterrupted sleep is in order. AM news shift 2morrow
reporting for jury duty today. I so hope that does not mean I have to consume brown liquid from a vending machine and pretend its coffee...
Peter Sam, Rusty and Sir Handel
Get your TAN ON! *Specials TODAY* All UV TANS are $9 each! MEMBERS-ONLY can buy a HY or HP tan for $5!
You've gotta love a guy who gives a shoutout to Jesus. I can't be mad at him for winning over Tony. :)
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Dolphin Tale is amazing
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
Busy day. Authentication issues, prep for a Firefox upgrade, and some questions about OverDrive support accounts. No time for Twitter...
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. -John Maxwell
US Airways = Worst Airline EVER
the whole in my thumb <<
Birthday lunch last Friday. Delish food. Only thing they need is #popcorn on the menu! Great job, !
Yeah. Getting myself up to run and shower and I'll come over. It's going to be cold!
RT : i heard ur bit on dude. the beat was ill. lol i cant get it outta my head.
because you're gay for Zev?
RT #quote "having lunch with stupid girls. gay :D" -Abraham Lincoln
praying my grade doesn't drop
just booked our room for timmayfest !!!!!
"the vomiting of politics is what fourier calls invention"
I hate airports.
U have no idea how nauseous they are making me.
I agree. All of our shirts are made and printed in the US. Wanted to share http: //76garments.com/
This time - ALL bay area beliebers will be planning it!!! BUYOUT TINYCHAT SON. Give more info later.(:
I've always been a turn-based guy over twitch.
3 day week, let's get it
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am to help change, and improve the health of people. Their trust in me to help them, humbles me! Thank you!
Congrats! Treats well-deserved.
bed by 1?
Amazing party last had, had the best time ever!!! Happy Birthday Chris!! Love you
Happy Birthday
Unicorns and glitter 🎠🎠🎠🎠
Ray J will have the du rag flapping in the wind in celebration tonight.
I love the idea of having an opening credits before a play with visuals and music.
In the word(s) of the great Charles Barkley, this is "TRBL"!!!!!
My niece walked into my room and said your hair look like beautiful! (:
“: I'm regretting saying I'd drink every time I heard the word "Tebow" on TV today. #AlreadyDrunk”.
the feeling of success
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight & it'll crush, hold it too loose & it'll fly.
Chk out Gingrich in our movie at #cpac tomorrow am
Arguing with on why I think #BritneySpears is pretty cool.
Would you rather meet someone you love, for being themselves or for their talent?
Thanks for the #FF! best to ya :)
terry playing with crayfish tonight at the irish channel, crofton, md 10pm
'Dancing With 12 News This Morning' continues. Coming up on see my cha-cha practice. #WISN12 you're going DOWN
DJ'n Silverado bar tonight. Some country & various Spanish music
4sho . Im ready for this game next week.
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9!
Hey, pepper spray is like a food product...right?
#NBAMVP Cole Aldrich, because hey, why not?
you know what they said! new hair, new life(:
Kim might be joining us as our new sewing repair & alteration expert -- we sure need one. And she lives down the street -- great to connect!
private vs public cloud computing, costs, control issues, risks. Lots of considerations when looking at cloud computing
#AwkwardMoment when you Realize your GF has the Same Lip as a Famous Person you just want to uhmm Attack . . . Lmao.
seeking volunteers to help at the door for #BASHH on Thursday - great way to meet people! let us know if you're interested!! (pls RT)
This movie is bouta make me cry 
RT was a HUGE success. Our thanks to all of you who were there! Good times, Great People and Beer!
maybe thats what they are tryna to do with Floyd . He holds like 7 of em know. Make him retire with most of em
Its funny how even tho marty mcfly traveled to the future nd back all he rlly wanted was to be a famous musician
We bear the grins of the smiling dead.
We just left and rolled down there. We'll be ready in a sec. Were there from 11:30 till 1:30
I’m on NBC’s “Chase” tonight! Jerry Bruckheimer’s newest series airs at 10/9 Central.
Couldn't ask for better weather for today's photoshoots! Lots of clouds, but not too cold... yeah!
Great weekend Israel Independence day at the Straz Center in Tampa, now off to Pier 60 to finish things off!
It's obvious McLuster > the Gronk
Hi every1! How are you all? Sorry i havent been tweeting as much. I have a Christmas concert on Saturday & I've been rehearsing like crazy!
your welcome!
send some brownies our way!
Thank you so much..If you're in Nashville this Friday stop by , I'll be playing from 5-7.
When I was a kid, I used to think when people said "errand" they were saying "Erin." So, now I say, "I'm running an Erin."
I've been homesick for Australia the last few days ... it's always weird when it hits ... I'll be alright!
lets just make it happen.
what is happening??
Definitely agree. The Steelers need a spark. Big Ben and the Steelers offense is struggling.
I'm PERSONALLY following the next 150 that follows ! Retweet if you did.♥
What year.. and what's on the design.
#foodieproblems RT : My husband needs to stop posting pics of food and start hunting down some to eat. For dinner. Just sayin'
Has anyone covered the contraception story in terms of the male side, i.e. vasectomies, Viagra?
RT : Data science hackathon in london under way. Teams are in action. lots of discussions.
Justin Bieber kinda looks like a Lesbian girl
's voice , always and forever ♥
RT A big thank you to La Costa Canyon High School Cheerleaders, Breea Renee (Help Breea Beat MS), Aj Rockit
RT : Bike time! NICE!
RT : NICE, VERY NICE. Right back atcha! Laughed today with "sun jacket" comment. Let's get that word in circulation.
RT : That's No Cookie Monster! Sesame Street's YouTube Channel Hacked, Replaced With Porn: It's just a different kinda cookie
RT :taking a wild guess here: the #NJ #Devils won tonight.based on raucous noise &horn blaring autos outside my window. :)
Just got home and do I even have to say it? Effing cable company!!! I need my baseball!!!!
My pleasure, Rich.
It's Wednesday! Most of our team is working on some wonderful homes while the rest are planning the Kite Festival to benefit !
So should we hit the Toyota Center for practice, or head over to you guys up at ESPN? Tips, advice?
CHECK MY PICS THERS PROOF IT'S ME
Rise and grind! Off to the gym then work all day! Make it a wonderful Wednesday!!
Looking to see if Mrs. Kraft is part of the gallery. Will get back to you.
I have a little brother 17 years younger than myself. All kinds of weirdness there.
WOW, DISAPPOINTING RAW!! NO rock, no sting, no good wrestling! Ill be watching a historic march 3rd TNA IMPACT over this garbage.
That is AMESOME!
That's why I was a Hall of Famer
Hello industry brethren, tonight we offer you all half off of everything.
Back from SFO, then rehearsing @ Royce Gallery for "Fingers and Toes", a tap/electronic drum performance.
Alw shit I diggs it!!! Lol That's what's sup!!! keep it up
I never thought I would be this excited to get a new bed
I'm in desperate need of sun.
#Hoosiers take the opening tip, Sheeby nails the jumper.
Start the morning off right. Do what makes you happy.
So very new to twitter not sure if I will like this. Since I never usually update my status on fb more then once a week!
I'm good... Been running a small lakeside resort in a very small town all summer. Nice weather and lots of fun! You?
Went to see "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" earlier! It was the best scary movie I've seen in a while!!
Thank You Joan is trending WORLDWIDE! ♥
That is a B-E-A-utiful guitar!!!
Peaceful and silent protesters in front of CHA today. #march11doesnthavesecondmeaninglikemarch4:(
Awesome Thanks Kim! :)
Like cinema? Learn more about the new Film and Media Studies Minor! Info. session on 1/19 @ 5 p.m. in New South Film Screening Classroom.
not surprising in the least, should be a memorable discussion if they are really allowed to speak by the crowd
Best Beer and Burger while traveling. Illinois Bar and Grill (MDW)
You can achieve anything you want. Just don't be afraid to try !
THUNDER + COFFEE ftw!
Road rage at its finest.
Opportunities abound, the unsuccessful see challenges, and make excuses.
I just wanna go home 😞
let me clarify; we r chilling with my pet kangaroo Ralphie, who wears a suit of Velcro and jumps onto fabric walls :) xo
I have Hanley Ramirez who can play there & Robert Andino but I need him at 2B.
sure ya are (:
I guess yer pops and I both like Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam!
I miss you - Frank Ocean >>>>
Baker gets a good break at Assumption - Foxboro Reporter
You are the best cody simpson:3
It seems, then, that data is that which is prior to both argument and algorithm, and that its form both shapes and is shaped by the latter.
Dont Click any links in your DIrect Messages. Hacked accounts are sending phishing DMs?. (via )
I have been painting for the past 4hrs...hand is cramping up..time stop..i'll finish up t.rex in the morn.
such an honor meeting you at warped in tampa florida<3 i love you so much. I would appreciate it if you would follow me? (:
You will!
Never make someone your priority if you remain their option…
hey can you ask Cathleen If she got my email about Monday?
I like the killing and I enjoy Madmen
Next thing you know, we'll be hearing Backstreet Boys...
this u hear all of the time but hell u r a good wrestler in my opinion
Interesting fact: humans shed over 30 million eyelashes over our lifetime.
I think and need to call out the piss pour showing by #cubs fans!
I couldn't get into Weeds, but I did like the few episodes of Breaking Bad I saw
you are our target audience for Shortmail Connect - small messages go to your SM, while longer ones go to gmail.
Don't really like fanny pak tbh
when a guy mows down the heart of the lineup in the 8th and is still fresh, why pull him just because his title isn't "closer"?
Happy Friday everyone! What are you doing for the Super Bowl? If you are in need of some last minute snack ideas, we've got you...
Ms. Lawly (our career advice coach): What do you plan to be when you grow up, Katelyn? Me: An erotic dancer.
my dad will making it ! ^-^ lololol sure !
haha and what are those like extra small? d:
Its pursues paper today. And Damn we should alternate
It's a quick trip, but I'm excited
Looking for Google+ pals... Hit me up: Arthur G Gonzales and hurry cuz it's cold and lonely out there! LOL
thnx for the follow. i look forward to your ideas and views about wine.
fade on my head a mutha fuckin part before i hit the homeroom nigga gotta spark
I just want to go home and watch Skins.
Hey all Chicago 1d fans! Tweet the link or put the link on a Facebook page of Chicago radio stations and local news channels!
my dad knows workers at radio disney
right? Just like have setting you can put on and BAM! Lol that would be awesome
**Save the date** - SeeThruEquity, LLC is hosting a small cap investor conference at the Cornell Club in NYC on June 5th. More details soon!
i'm sure the bus is but all of his belongings?
:) thanks sweeti I love u too honey !!♥♥
ha my baby lol
Fantastic #health2stat meeting last night in #DC. Great to chat with a roomful of 'do-ers'!
that's what's up 
I like the drafts recently. The young pitching will be a big boost to the big league club. I like Scooter. Need to draft power.
Nice driving range session today..hopefully can take it on the golf course.
update 2.0: [ ] knew what dime was
Thanks for the follow!
contemplating my exciting new future
Sorry, I didn't mean to sound all handwavy-flaily-dramatic there, I'm just grumpy. And may need more coffee.
Had a great Valentines Day, what a surprise haha, and thank you for the dinner and teddy beaar love u babayguuuurl
:) RT: Thank U so much for the box of Sunbelt Granola cereal from a recent Trivia Tuesday giveaway. It's yummy:)
and yet, not so much.
sounds like a plan, I'll be there
Have a great day......worked out work Cleve and then hooped day the C.K
Flight Facilities- Crave You ( Adventure Club)
The Paprika-dusted Flounder over Fisherman's stew at on #HStDC is phenomenal!
So true--thank you for this timely and needful reminder, Randy!
sounds like an Entourage plot line.
Yeah, it's Jin. The MAIN character
What's Happening?
Basketball today and #TheWalkingDead tonight!!!
RT : I just bought my #Titanic Exhibition tickets. I CAN'T WAIT. I have been dreaming of this since I was 5. Thanks <3
Thanks for coining a great #JohnWilliamsIndiana Jones/Jaws crossover: Raiders Of The Lost Shark. 1-800-421-1717.
Join Face Book page
I support you and Chloe!!! Really enjoying the new season!!
Life Has Many Different Chapters Of The Story, One Bad Chapter Doesn't Mean It's The End Of The Book...
I can't stand the idiots in the HIMYM subreddit sometimes.
I'm in the mood to listen to All Time Low today....
I know its only NIT, but nice to see the #iowahawkeyes get a solid post season win last night.
: give me the first letter of your name and I bet you I can guess it. -- me: Lea... Wait I just gave it out. Hahahahaha ! ;)
Why is my house freezing.. Not okay
Thanks to the San Francisco Bay Area Jewish Genealogical Society for the warm welcome and the chat about doing family history
Thank you. We'll be thinking of you!
Hi David, thanks for the RT. Am curious as to what "mixing magic mojo of emergent dialogue and organic design..." means?
man, I love y'all. Music, everything. It's not bout da fame, y'all jus too raw lyrically n actually acknowledge fans
Sweet! We can't wait to see you tonight!
this tweet's sole purpose is to no longer have 666 tweets
In an era when any semblance of customer support has faded, I'm shocked at the patient, knowledgeable (free) support from Kudos!
Thoughts & prayers to , Joe Sell's family, friends, and fans.
: Thank you!! And awee we cant wait!! When you get there say ur on our VIP list or find one of us and we can get u throu ...
To legally register his business Muhammed Bouazizi needed to go through 55 steps, wait 152 days, and pay 12x his monthly income.
my favorite color is blue and purple :)
Snowing in Brier Creek.RT : says its snowi g and sticking there in Chapel Hill. Sleeting here in Knightdale.
RT : Dear PRs, if you are going to pester me on the phone about one of your clients, please make sure you know its market cap...
Is it saturday yet?
Stave victimized by a drop, pass was thrown a little behind Jeff Duckworth but the junior should have made the catch
Funny how you said your spending wasn't gonna to do that. : 25 days until middle-class taxes increase if Congress doesn't act.
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would Go to Vegas immediately
And with tissues, a trash can, & a mop- He will help you clean up ... Continued next tweet
Loving the VIP treatment at McDonalds'
Purified Seth Rogan.
OKC came out with guns blazing.
I think should be more afraid of the killer jackets then the mexican bats with the tiny hats
It's so nice out, wtf
My bedroom is looking super indie eclectic.. I don't know how I feel about this.
did you get the package that was emailed
thanks for the Sunday night follow back!
Yessir. Come thru bruh! Just walk in when you come.
Omw to the sex store w/
I loved the headlines two weeks ago that said, 'World Peace Suspended.' How is your brother Jeremy?
I know. LOL Thanks!
#MicrophoneAssassins music video is well on its way. I leaked a small portion last night for #Mer-C but I had to set it back 2 private...
love is a cat from hell
yes and freakin Calgon took me nowhere. I mean even Cinderella got to go to the ball
Happy Birthday !
Thx for the follow, Margo. Downloaded your new e-book today for fun read on the way to AWP to speak. Will u be there?
ah sorry Ken! If you texted in the last week I've been out of the country. I'll be back on Tuesday though. finally free wifi
When she asked me to pull out her wedgie..
no problem girl <3
" The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss."
I think they do vary. For ex, my sense of privacy at home is different than my sense of privacy at a coffee shop.
Same. School and basketball. Plus it was hot!
That picture hurt my spirit =(
dismissing him as crank/rocker convenient way to pretend he's not mainstream TX political thinker
While watching last night, I found out that I live near one of the most haunted places in America! Visiting it today!
After watching Harry Potter last night, I'm still a little sad.
It was an excellent time playing for you last night. Let's do it again soon.
thank you for the follow! Happy Tuesday... excited to keep sharing the videos with our community!
Hosting Read Local today, an event that gives 7 local authors the chance to pitch, then sell, their books at the Velma Teague Library.
It's funny how you spend more time looking up how to rite an essay,than actually writing it
my bro attacked me for my phone! Lololol asked my sis where hes going&she asked y what he doing? He takes my phone&tells her he's sleeping
Boy could you quit this stallin ' you know ima sexaholic ....
I'm over here in california & he's in michigan :(
I feel like nobody knows anything about me
much love to you and your family, Adam. We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
hey my birthday is august 19th. Starbucks giftcard ;)
We rolled up and poured up and it don't stop!!
#TranceTuesday Listening to #ASOT with my boy while I spin out new VMs and he dances
Does anybody have an owner's manual for a girlfriend? Mine's making a terrible loud noise
Admiring the quaint dusting of snow in the yard.
911 call just came for cow walking along the road. What's unusual about that? Maybe she's hitching a ride.
It's Monday! Time for #thevoice. This is the only reality show I like.
in class...Intro to Urban and Environmental Planning. This is a pretty cool class so far.
I seriously hope QPR loan out to provincial prison team.
Mission focus and mission clarity are key to getting people (internal) engaged
I get an Adrenaline Rush when I shoot a gun.
This cat has six paws
Don't take me for granted, because unlike the rest, I'm not afraid to walk away.
The Village People should write a new song D.M.C.A Its fun to take down your work with a D.M.C.A.
When a guy calls you his princess. >>>
"The Sheltering Sky" by Paul Bowles and "Snow" by orhan pamuk
I hate arguing with some ppl about sports they don't fucking listen
i do in the summer
Thank you!
That sounded weird.
bahaha i cant:\
oh hey derr
If you'd like to recommend any goals quotes, please contact me. Enjoy these goals quotes!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
“: Happy happy birthday :) let's celebrate soon please! #miss you" Thank you!!!! Miss you too! Let's hang out!
RT : After work head to Kung Fu and Drink 4 a Cause. We're donating 15% of our sales to !
Weather for Fresno, CA 90°F Can I get something between windy and 45 and 90s
The Sandias are looking very volcanic.
Yes, I did really do that to myself. Yesterday was the first & last time I will ever do it.
#IICRC Training Day Two
Putting away winter clothes to make room for all the new stylish summer outfits coming in, So come get it while its coming in...
thinks that will be a pillow
Sometimes I really hate being a girl...! >.<
“: #Libra comes with a built in lie detector.” absolutely
is hiring entry/mid-level IA/UX to work in our Baltimore office. Job desc. coming soon, reply if interested
not sleeping tonight...
He must of found the instruction manual.. Lol
idk I've been at 's Chili Bowl all day with
The greatest
Huntsman also believes in campaign finance reform
Holy shit mr. Winland was so right
Celebrating the holidays and supporting the Food Bank at our holiday party at Everett and Jones BBQ
JUSTIN'S UNDER THE MISTLETOE ALBUM IS AMAZAYN. OMG.
Yea dad also used to throw garbage cans n fish tanks in the middle of the street at night n watch cars crash into em lol that shit cray lol
I want to meet you!!!
same thing had a nice dinner
hey anyway you can post that on facebook ? I wanna announce it on there
Aghhh my eyes hurt
. for mayor.. will fix the traffic and show up to #craftbeer events
Absolutely! You do a great job!
Thank you! It was fun! (Although a friend just told me that I don't look old or wrinkly enough to be the head of Neurology!)
great idea also, when there's time, go to museums that aren't for class. One of my favorites was
the 26!!!!! Only. That will be way better!
Excited to see my team talk re human trafficking & others talk re: future of legal profession/ed at UM's
When I was a kid the movie, "The Gate" really scared me.
I know you banging it out over there right now, SO ROCK THE SHIT HOMIE!!!
same name as my twitter
Everyone back home is complaining of hail. It's 81 and sunny out here.
Spring into fitness! Jumpstart your health by taking a GroupEx class @ the Y! Check with your Y for new class schedules....
Happy Mothers Day! We love our moms!
Still looking forward to Nashville in May with and
Obama to nominate former Clinton OMB director Jacob Lew to head his OMB when Orszag leaves post, WH said. Lew currently State Dept. COO.
THE #CLIPPERS. 28-3 RUN. BOOM.
Tough draw against 14-seed Tebow RT Made it through to the final 32 in the 13 Cover vote.
he loves me more!!
I suggest we get a bottle of "something" & call it a party! We can infuse that "something" w chia. Who's w/ me?
OMG just read this! are you ok twinsie?
Holding writing workshop for my undergrad class to get feedback on their abstracts & outline 4 final paper from peers. Suggestions?
I AM SO HAPPY. ^___^
"Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value."
#Madonna, I'm so confused. What's happening right now.
Monday, we'll be interviewing , , and any questions you'd like to ask 'em? Let us know!
So today is going really good.(: Spreading some love and having fun while doing it. #HappyVDay I love you!
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Be nice. Everybody will be 52 one day and won't have her money to make up for the age.
#ghettotranslations... let me hold sumthin = let me have some money but im not going to pay you back......NEVER!
Im back home, Long Island kid 4life
RT #Oomf always calling over to cook his ass sumn.. He need him a woman cuz I'm not playing wifey..smh
you betta tell Kobe & Ron Ron to download then homie! LOL
Attnys are motioning for court to make recuse herself from case
Yaaay I passed my wonderlic test for my culinary arts school. I'm so excited and proud of myself AWESOME YEAH BUDDY.
“: we are talking about that down here at #140edu it's been a great 2 days”
yeah... I basically keep cable for Madmen. And TCM. And the occasional soccer match. Other than that...? Eh.
Thanks for the retweet!
. thanks for sharing that press for WATERLIFE! So happy about that one xox
In your opinion, , is there one brand whose customer loyalty program really stands out?
Thank you, thank you!
we have a TON of butter in our fridge right now. that is not an exact measurement though
Is nice to meet you !
We need friends, just not 6 billion of them that say "bestfriend"
anyone know how to make twitter let you follow more people?
hahaha I was so cute, I know. I tried so hard omg lolololololol.
I am ALWAYS your valentine ♥
Networking is really just being kind and helpful to everyone you meet and keeping record of how to stay in touch with them!
#writing plan today: #edit 4 chapters. Will be brain dead when finished.
RT : When is God going to fulfill His word in me... There is no return address to His Word! It will happen!
hahahaha I can so see that! I'm supposed to be studying for business but I'm just watching netflix in the library.
Happy birthday K-tron! I hope you have a great celebration and a wonderful year ahead!
When does the #Chicago hurricane season end?
Haven't found a house in LB yet, but I am hopeful
Why do good women fall for the wrong men, and good men fall for the wrong women?
how nice, jussi! this means a lot, coming from you :-)
you are very beautiful!!
I clicked the #5Krevolution hashtag. And so far you are the only one tweeting about it.
Engagement Ring Shopping: The Sequel
Chirp Chirp...who's goin out tonight!?
Hey , I Just Want My Music Videos Back...forget the pants.
I have never laughed as hard as I did at the 2nd post credits Avengers scene. Frakking comedy gold.
happy birthday!!! :-)
So, for example, you'll get unlimited 4G wireless internet for $131.65. That's $35 activation, $50 modem, $40 monthly service+tax
Aren't we all? RT : I'm waiting for a ginger bi-curious Franklin Pierce.
I cordially invite to Chicago. We have rats the size of bears, and I'll throw you a party if you kill them.
Are the Dems really going to be able to saddle us with a cap-and-trade thing? There must be some way we an stop this.
#Omega-3 supplements help the health of the #gums, reduce inflammation and block the pathogenic organisms.
Thank you "Baby Girl"!
True that. Now pardon me while I kick myself for having sold my Mariah CDs to to a used CD store yrs ago, pre-iPod. Crap.
thanks for asking. "friendliness will kill you [in the classroom]" is what I was told, so I guess yes, less pleasant
"Here's a song by a gay guy."
Go to www.teamkproductions.com to see the new www.BrioPhotography.com commercial!
I dressed in yellow for . I look like a 45 yr old peep praising the Lord!!!
Boston “: Its too easy for these spurs...can someone tell me a team that can beat them this year?”
I just wanna pull my hair so it grows faster!! >=P
& i just stalked you :)))
HANNAH I PROMISE DP IS NOT DICK PLATE OMG. <3
If we were faultless we should not be so much annoyed by the defects of those with whom we associate.
I lived in LA for 5 years and never felt anything like that. Our whole building was wobbling!!!
#oomf always lets me down</3
I really missed the boat on this whole Beastie Boy's thing-I was going through a DUMB Goth phase I guess? I don't know-I'm just out of touch
Thank God ! All this is Resolved Brand NEW Starts ...❤✌❤
I would like to be a whisky ninja. What is my initiation?
where am I this past few days? >.<
I'm a thug nigga on a sunday
hahahahaha its a hobby for me the only time I won't spend that much is.when I have a girl
How about dem #Cowboys at No. 14 you ask. They'll hope for Mark Barron. If not Michael Brockers or Stephon Gilmore sounds good.
no idea.
Alarm set for 830...woke up at 930 with my phone in my hand and alarm turned off
HOWAAAAAAHD? IS THAT YOU?
...which is included in the package of pretending to care deeply about interactive human relationships.
RT : I genuinely find myself hilarious.
Don't push yourself to you limit, push yourself past your limits. True victory is self victory!
She tweet me, I don't tweet her back cause my time line I be watching that.
It says on your Twitter description "good decision maker" REALLY????? In relation to who Howard????
Happy Birthday, Hanx!
Best things about the NCAA Tournament- 1. Bracket contests 2. Upsets 3. Favorite Team 4. Watching basketball at 12:30 pm on a Thursday :-)
...that women are attracted to Catholic priests because priests are untouchable, or unreachable, or inviolate, or something like that.
Damnn! All the Spanish teachers just suck!!
what website?
almost forgot
I need new bras.
Happy Friday everyone and thanks for following
TIme for a McDonalds break...need some breakfast energy. Some would say that it is time for some "good grease".....m.
definitely, well said!
in other words, no paraphrase, just poetic summary of the goals of interpretative sociology
no doubt
love it.
OPENING DAY IN SAN DIEGO - nothing much else to discuss.
Amazing! Packers > NFL
Talk Doesn’t Pay, So Psychiatry Turns to Drug Therapy- NY TIMES
. re: "snow white & the huntsman": "Charlize Theron asking the mirror who's fairer, and it shows Kristen Stewart? um, naah"
Can't wait to see if can compete with Miami 😏
I would but I have two finals on Tuesday of next week. Studying on the weekend is so much fun!
things I hate: mosquitos, people who ride their bikes on super low gears, peanuts
Lisa u kno u are the bomb...i compare most 2u..much luv 2u Lisa...keep killin em wit all that class u have..great PR peoples
it seems like a lot of people are. I've seen way too many movies.
thanks. Btw, you free today? 1:30-4pm to be a non speaking extra? Business attire. On campus.
That's a very loaded statement considering what you've described as pretty before. Lol.
Uh God...a John Mayer rewteet? Not going to take much more of that...
Off to the mall for some retail therapy, christmas edition: because I feel less guilty about spending money when I spend it on someone else
lol this guy RT : LOL RT : Im no longer a black man. The Black God
Well you suck.
I'm in flow chart purgatory.
Going to go see a show at tonight.
Poor baby
Look I'll just say it. Taylor Swift gets all the best dick in Hollywood and I'm pretty bitter about it.
I see the Acta slander on my timeline. I get it. I do. But offense had several chances to blow game open and didn't.
This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka
It will be very interesting to watch if copyright issues start to dog Pinterest.
Rajon Rondo said his right hand is fine, no long term ramifications. Also was pretty sassy. So, the usual.
See you at the Bar+Bistro Hangover Brunch ~ named by Travel+Leisure Magazine as one of Las Vegas' best new attractions! 11am-3pm
I feel positive energy for the west linn man whose fiance' is detained in syria. she will come home.
lol i dont mess with those randolph kids anymore
Lady is rockin a gold lame top at the gym. Power shirt?
we all are looking for that :)
You'll be missed Andrew ;-(
mase I just wanna thank you for all of ur years of service t the baltimore ravens, u exemplify what itmeans to play like a raven
Thanks for the #FF mention!!
you're goofy
I'm in the mood to #GiveObamaCreditfor..stuff. what do you want to give him credit for? use the hashtag. and
RT : I think I failed my web design Exam
Bring me Beer & Clamato!
nehehe. We honestly do.
Work real boring -__-
ARTIC worked with IMA (software development) and NGA (registration of image layers) on Getty funded project. Great collaboration.
hi!!!! big fan! U guys should come to Omaha NE were known for our corn!!! Lol :D
Wtf. #NickDiaz no-shows the #BJJ super fight. Such disrespect to
If I decide to not take my bio final...I will still get a B. "Oops sorry, I overslept. NBD."
send him home early so I can eat it sooner lol
what about roshon? ;)
please spare your followers
On the way to thaaaa beach. ~
lol I'm on it breh but I I never understand it you think they'll ever make one 4 retards
Garden of Goodness (named by a young gardener) at Friendship Court provides veggies for 50-60 families
buffalo to both :)
Florence May, #TRSOnline, speaker on Volunteer Mananagement Best Practices at #NASC12 this afternoon. Join in the discussion.
Lol. You are too!!
it's hailing and why aren't we on a two hour delay? :(
what channel is it on?
So please somebody if you have a video of rapping "boyfriend" from the show last night, send it to me. PLEASE!! :)
just congratulated for making it to the final 3. That just made me love him even more. 😘😍
#IThankGod for waking me up every morning. I'm so thankful <3
Juggernauts took over DC tonight!!
thanks for taking time to check us out!!
I think most people are not as excited as I am for all the holidays and lights and sparkles...CHEER UP, GRINCHES!
. Inquiring minds want to know - how exactly are we like a penitentiary?
Just went to Digital Art and Design and made a project even though I'm not in that class.
im jealous!
Happy mother's day to all the #WIUnion moms
I do taste good on nachos and on popcorn in powdered form
In wine, there's truth. The same goes for truth serum. And roofies. This has been an odd dinner party.
Wondering if I will still have a job after spins at for me tonight
Holiday Plate Deluxe w/maple seitan, roasted rainbow carrots, brussel sprouts, cippolini onions w/ fresh cranberry & balsamic reduction $15
that sucks!! Btw, I'm getting a tattoo in May. You must be there.lol :)
I'm working on it....
Never forget to daily dive into the trifecta of creativity: 1) Stay curious, 2) Explore what's around you and 3) make discoveries!
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats. A. Branson Alcott
aw damn she on that
Recieved an email addressed to "Lisss Ah" yes, that is the phonetic sound of my name but wow. Mr. Professional you sure made me laugh!
late for the last day of school! woohoo :D.
its a huge problem lol
Show starts in an hour!!!!
Update: kat smo kills it You go girl
No mozarella (sp?) so I loaded the sauce with parmesan. How will this affect the outcome, I wonder...
nice round number ! RT : if the brewers go 20-8 in their final games they will win 100 games!!!
I had a intense practice from 3-8
wants to be a ball boy, smh, lmao. Really Metta?
She a Bobby Soxer.
Argo Teas is giving out Free Samples! Check it out and let them know what you think!
did u miss me?
good stuff bruh, i h8 reasons lol
Oh yeah! That rocks!
I've been saying that too. Glasses are required.
Can't wait for the premier of the Bachelorette tomorrow! I'm in Charlotte today & saw 's interview in today's paper! Love her!
That's the North Loop place? Is it teensy inside?
Today 1969: Father Groppi leads several thousand welfare rights supporters into the Assembly Chamber protesting cuts in living allowances
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."-General George Patton
Wow, Blake Griffin ladies and gentlemen...
Text me when ever you want I promise to respond (210)2949751i use that # to talk to my followers:)*its not my personal #,but it's still my#*
New energy code is a win-win for environment and business.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 31
Remember when you said you liked heavy rain? We got that here tonight. And tornadoes. D:
we should return to cobblestone streets and horse-drawn carriage. Imagine the nostalgic beauty.
Supreme Team killing it!
Making large CHECKS on Twitter is a snap...
love the name Roxie for a pooch!
is the best in the game. New album is sick!!!!
I expect pictures. (:
Is anyone else's #lanadelrey album delayed on Amazon?
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH !
Was happy when they lost.
and drink lots of 🍻
yeah.. And do it bitch
shawty you a ten...minus 9 but you not the 1 for me
#bestbreakupexcuses I died
you're a good guard Nicholas, your queen would be proud.
hey yo, i miss you.
im not really sure what this is? but demi? just one question demi? where is that name from? it sure is differnet! in a good way!
Excellent. We'll work it out. BTW, where in the world are you?
yea if they make ladies like u in Toronto Im coming now!
I love Jane Cobb
February Special: FREE PICK-UPS! Call for details - 503-998-5357
happy to hear it :] What area you from?
yeah, girl! So proud of you & the band. Have so much fun playing SXSW!
RT ": I'm ballin like Lebron you know we shopping in Milan."
it's nice when corporate america walks by our sign, cause you know they can read "fuckyou!" hahahaha
what is the business?
Midnight. The highlight of my day.
Woke up this morning & my dream didn't come true. My apt didn't pack itself up...Looks like it'll be a mad dash before the movers come.
Great curriculum ideas from about students finding their way through libarts ed. Share narratives of experiences
Mermaidman & Barnacle Boy In The Flesh Gasp* . ( Spongebob )
Added the r9 from TaylorMade to our rental inventory. Reservation system is open but the sales page will not be ready until the weekend.
Please check out & follow our friend/model/actress/musician and star of our "Red Ink" music vid. Thanks!
" started following ConnorCorrupt" I don't know how many times I've gotten this in the past year haha.
Will be logged in skype for you ...
Does that mean you approve? ;)
doug collins on the bench like fuck yea xD
alien, why you bring me here?
Just popped ur CD in homie! This bitch is on point so far!! Hit me with the follow so I can share mine with ya. 1Luv
Anybody want a free 7" stack of Videographer magazines? Pick across from ACC Riverside? -H.Cherdon
But he's ALWAYS like that #takenote other #pitchers!
At the OAJC #pdxmayor candidates forum, a man told me I was a shining light in the race.
RT : “On the basic of food, heat and housing, we practice a don’t-ask, don’t-tell policy.”
#21CRadio Q5 Have you ever been in a situation where you wished you (or someone else) hadn't brought their mobile music device?
Thanks to all that came out to support our pancake breakfast / bake sale!
White rice, greens and salmon with ginger and green onion tonight. I might be from the west, but my body and mind like better far east food.
You don't understand I misunderstood
The best friendships STAY friendships. RT : the best relationships start off as friendships first.
I do think that benefit of the whole is greater than our privacy. Society is operating in a new way.
"You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with" - Dr. Wayne Dyer.
just gonna call me out on twitter. She's hanging with friends at Dave and Busters Saturday. That's what she decided. Lol.
Yours too...
Really surprised that Barry gave up the mount. He could have done some serious work from that position, but chose to go to side control.
OMG thank you!
Rays WON!!
I really want a gf though :/ lmao Any takers? Lmao
RIP to singing great Whitney Houston
. Retweet . Follow back ? Please !!
EMPTY!! WHERE MY HEART USED TO BE!!! Now I'm lookin in the mirror, I see, THIS MONNNSTERRRR THAT IS ME!!!!
Whats up #TeamKhleo?? It's been a while since I have been on here.
I take that back. Drinking this weekend. ;)
Setting context for Imagine K12... worlds critical challenges demand answers in ed, tech in schools has not shown full potential to date
Kristina it has NOTHING to do with me! I have moved on and Jaimee has too! I don't understand where this all is coming from??
Would love Zane Lamprey's life.
The white iphone or the black....
Actually, I'm colder than a penguin's pussy.
I got tired of drowning mf's... It got boring. But this fro shit gettin old to, so its back to what I know so well...
u better eat that cornbread lol
Netflix streaming. Go catch up. It's worth it.
Just noticed that we have a subject file in our stereoview collection for "Wax." Wondering if I should go see what's in it.
want to grab a slice today if you have time?
im god n u
I totally agree lol
We can play Journey at his house while enjoying the Flatness IPA.
how long will it be before u come to tin roof Steven said
my grandma dieed on 031509 u will b missed grandma <3
Oh, shucks!
What a day!!! Working on a couple projects for clients. Who's ready @ Transformers 3 Premier =)
are you okay?
We are working directly w/the datacenter to resolve this issue as quickly as possible & apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
That was by far one of the scariest dreams ever.
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies." --Ralph Waldo Emerson <WOW>
The marathon grading of 39 exams in 24 hours begins. PJs? Check. Cookies? Check. Pandora? Check. What am I missing?
SMILE BIG!
Lookin Forward to hearing the new project!!!
He's beyond silly, he is. ;p
We try to provide the highest level of service while keeping prices competitive; we hope you consider using us in the future.
Wanna catch & this summer ? has tix at 730!
Keep your heart close to mine.We'll take one step at a time.......<3
608 was good...now taking Kar to #TollyHo for the first time!!
When my mom "K"s me
just finishing up school and pretty soon I have to go job hunting wish me luck!!
Yes ma'am! RT : Good mornin' ladies. Will I see you tonight at event?
Was asked to put together a proposal for an #innovative #snl type show for the #dtla artwalk... now to start brainstorming.
only question: can we work there?
Ouch, another truther exposing his tendency to believe fancy conspiracies over obvious facts.
lol vacation are never long enough
Supply shopping for tonight and painting our car for the Stagecoach Carpool Convoy!!!!
Thanks for the RT, sweetie!
New February flavors: Mango Sorbet, New Orleans Praline, Banana Pudding and Espresso. You *NEED* to try these, trust me.
Also: I peed a little.
will get back to you tomorrow
Re: movies.... I agree. RT : A story is what counts. Not the actors telling it?!:0)
All the children left to go trick or treating. Ah, silence in the library
I know 30 more days of school days!!!!!!!!!
Now comes the scramble to find a blue screen.
yes sir.
Couldn't agree more RT God I can watch Valverde get smoked all night long. Couldn't happen to a bigger douchebag.
Great meetings today...!
Good morning Monday! Good morning Minneapolis! Let's do this!
It's been fun New Orleans!!!!!
We've had a mild winter so far here in Columbus ... it's going to get bitter cold before you know it. Still time to get a furnace tune up!
- Want more Mark Steyn and what up with The Last Patriot author/sales? Curious to know. A GREAT relevent thriller, people.
RT People will actually care about you when you're dead.
I like the family pic :) and every show was good. lala full court life was good and basketball wives.
Never let stupid things get in the way of your happiness.
drink water backwards
Post Indian food coma...
haha no u just put it on the wart and it goes away! I'm serious haha it works
how'd you know? Ginger made an appearance ;) get ready sxsw!!! cc:
oh my lord... That is so going to happen...
hey Jon how r u tonight?
hah those fish tacos were orgasmic...lmao (x
is coming to Fairfax!! :D :D :D but... I cannot afford tickets :-((((
What are the best #coffices in #SF? I'll be writing from there all week.
NYT article used the "not your average librarian shushing people" to describe Ferriero. Most over-used cliche of all time.
hahaha!! Zimmerman going gangster? That's
did u get an iPad?!
If anyone knows, or is able to find, the original quote, I would be ever grateful
New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks &
Hooray for Tom Corbett for signing into law that beer distributors can be open until 9PM. None of them are near me unfortunately though :(
RT : It would have been cool if he had slipped at least one more "the trump" joke into the speech :)
ahaha oh yes enjoy it :p
Nick likes long hard skinny things
human wall ASAP
I.S.D. Locksmith 619-335-7969 www.isdlocksmith.com 24/7 locally owned & operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I'm alive bitches!
YOU NEED TO PICK ONE... NOT NEITHER OR BOTH
split keyrings50 Years Calendar Key Ring Chain Keyring Silver- split key rings
All # combinations of $5M lotto selected- a winner is out there! Hope he/she finds creative ways to #GIVE back to the community!
just getting it all out now so I'll be the perfect spring formal date on Friday ;)
They make money, a little for some of the towns where they're built and a lot for shareholders and investors.
Heading to Quality Social downtown for the Internet marketing party
i bet is never going to follow me. no matter how many tweets i send him
don't think they do, unfortunately. When you come to Chicago, consider it my treat.
"Nobody ever told you, you shine like a diamond, glitter like gold and you need to know what nobody ever told you" <3 :)
Thank you
u in the trap ?
oh well
We deliver! Area of delivery NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west. Call 521-9800!
Can't believe it's over - Goodbye Wisteria Lane. Proud to have been a cast member and a fan!
Michael symon? Omg! I am sad to see him go..
I need to get on the bike, but I feel more like napping.
She's a kitten, but thinks she's English royalty ;-) What's new in your world?
Today is my Friday.
Ha ha! We thought we were gonna die on the way to Ciampino last summer. This man was insane!
Hey Nick, do you have Robert Palmer's "Blues & Trouble"? If not, have an xtra copy that I'd love to give you.
I hope you have a safe flight Roy!! Blessed Easter to you :-)
I might look calm, but in my head I've killed you three times.
Goodnight everyone. Wishing everyone has sweet dreams tonight.
What do Residence Renovation, earthquakes and 44 prizes that will rock yourworld have in common? Stay tuned to find out.
when you discover you're digging yourself a hole you can't get out of... quit digging.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mamma cats out there!
There is a facebook account that says its you talking to me right now. just wanted to know if its really you or not.
Goodluck c: google a way to get it off lol
Guy code is a funny show
College showcase today at Nazareth College...Finger Lakes Coaches Clinic yesterday = a full weekend of basketball
I see you following, then unfollowing, then refollowing again. How've you been? lol.
awesome! Hope to connect with you too!
I'd echo that praise! The Geis family from the Cap Girardeau store are FANTASTIC!
He went to Stadium, who cares...I'm going there Friday for some buffalo wings and bday cake *shrugs*. Not that serious...
Omg its rainninnggg AGAIN. What the frick happened to the austin droubt?!?!
Bob Hope used to say that but he said it was his wife that wouldn't move to a smaller house.
Wallace trade is nice for the future, but I keep hoping there's a secret deal to unload Felton. Or Camby. Or both.
oh shyt is on twitter better block yo ears
Thinking of and his family today. You are missed and loved, Anthony Cornacchia.
Nope. I would love to see real cross country train travel.
Good Morning Lord
I hope all is well with you my good sir
BREAKING: Maryland approves gay marriage bill...
Going Roller Skating In Gym! :D lol
impromptu family session today at Red Rock Canyon!
Beautiful evening for drive to Green Bay for State Convention. Looking forward to rallying around w/ fellow conservatives
Friend told me he had seen a Shopping Cart within #Pinterest. Can't find an app or anything. Anybody know what he might be talking about?
I love words I can type with one hand like "careers" & "regards"
I hate this league because it requires a Constitution and now Supreme Court
JU alums that grew up in the 90s: check out #90sareallthat on teen nick. Brings back memories!
It's actually kind of a nice place now. Just told the new owner your pyromania story
Pretty good,text me,aight?
You're barely there? -_-
RT Sweet mother I no go forget you for the suffer wey you suffer for me.
Watching the face of a child staring at a Christmas Tree is a moment of Wonder and Peace!
BEACH=beast
RT “People need 2 know what they SHOULD pay attention 2, not everything they COULD pay attention 2" (Chris Kaskie)
Not sure what "those types of sites" are, but we have dealt with this situation with all morning.
Drumroll please for Javier Fuentes from , one of our 2012 Addy judges. More on Javier here facebook.com/AAFMiami
text me bestie
Tell me about this level, what's included?
Y.O.L.O is how I'm feeling
watching LOTR Fellowship on blu ray for the first time. Looks amazing. Makes me wish the Hobbit was coming out this year instead of 2013.
Blessed beyond measure.
I was doing so good tho :/ lol but it's somehow still working
fuck u been at
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing your creativity.
Get ahead of the game & consult w/ before the end of the year. Trust us you won’t regret it!
Some people don't seem to understand that the "practice of medicine" is not perfect. They believe it should be fool proof.
All fish in Marlins backstop tank already dead
BINGO RT : #buzzword alert: platform
but why is #Titanic3D in theaters again?
POLL QUESTION: what will you heshers do to ward off evil on this Friday the 13th?
I got a thang for British women I think it's the accent
Meek throws 8 straight balls and I'm not too upset about it.
Gracias! Thank you for the follow. Cheers!
Is RIM going to launch their Colt QNX this year? Their next phones had better be significant or they'll slide off the hill
virginia tried to become part of our everyDAY joke again....
Locked yourself out? Indianapolis Best Way Lock n Key Locksmiths provide an emergency service.
People say its hot outside.Then I think, if people can't take the heat outside, just imagine how hell is going to be. I don't want that heat
RT : #GOD You open all the doors... I will be your faithful servant.
ha he didn know that word till I said it
Follow me and I'll follow u back :)
Oh man, I wish I could talk to someone about this Mad Men episode. I don't want to spoil anything for those who haven't seen it yet.
Shoutout for Shoutout ? and sorry if you are following me and im not following you back! lemme know :)
If you live in Austin, TX and have a car that has bumper damage, dented, scuffed up or chipped, check out www.austinpaintguy.com.
i make myself laugh too hard....
let's do it! Except the hoopin' haha, I don't play and you'll most likely murk me.
I would agree it was a big defeat for firefighters but we didn't run Prop D.
Vikings draft NC State LB, Cal DE in 7th round - Sacramento Bee
I bet #Believe is gonna be an AMAZING album eeeks can't wait!! ;D RT?
"Tesla girls, Tesla girls, writing in their diaries. Now and then they'll watch TV. Now and then they'll speak to me."
OMG! It's getting on my nerves too! It's losing it's swagg' besides lilwaynes on twitter <3
Sad day for Tecmo legend MT : Deion Sanders cited for misdemeanor assault after Monday altercation with his estranged wife
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Austin Mahone, RT if you want to meet Austin.
Damn I don't even be on this G thang nomoe
I've always loved the idea of music as a cottage industry. And it's really possible these days. Gotta love it. :)
Great workshop. But where is the #recycling?
wer you at
These Beds R-HOT Titans Gym Cleveland has 6 beds waiting for YOU. 1st time with us tan for Free 216-574-2875
Start BECC tomorrow n feelin good bout it the thing bout the navy is that u are constantly moving forward. No time to look bacc.
i just realized i missed the oscarsss :(
So Daybreakers was a really swell film. I'm glad I had the chance to watch it. It's suprising more movies aren't like that now-a-days.
Guy:did it hurt? girl: did what hurt? guy:when you fell from heaven.
HEY www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
If you're over the age of 5 you shouldn't be sucking your thumb; if you're in your mid-20s then you've missed the boat of life.
thanks ur tight dude
I love you way to much to just let you go that easily <3
Stop in for a tour today, the sky's are blue :)
Here is your injury update Breen: his career is over dude.
i want love. i miss being in love
haha yeah. She does scream and talk a lot.
wow lol I got it Saturday morning.
this whole time I've been telling you about my man, you didn't tell me about your man, or should I call him your warrior?
Letters = the Zooniverse citizen science journal.
Champagne gone, #LegauxNoLa tag retired.. New trend : #BearcatsOnBourbon ... Again
Bono looks a lot like Corey Feldman on stage with Bruce and Patti Smith
I stand by my "wtf" reaction.
At applebees Thinkin bout skippin out on this bill better step it up
Surround your mistakes with love and forgiveness.
Kenneth & Connie White, Albert & Josephine Gregory. I am Honored I had time with you. And I miss you more than you will ever know!!
Is it time to polish up your look?? Sarah Bella Salon offering $34 Cut and Partial Highlight ($85 Value) at www.yourluckydeals.com
Really looking forward to crushing !
<---Don't take this stuff seriously - this experience is running a gauntlet.
I'm frm the hood of drug sales slabs cocked up choppa shooters where we don't let outsiders violate our block
heard it in Eastern Market too. Big loud booming plane noises not cool.
Alan Jackson Puts Tennessee Lake Home Up for Sale - Great American Country (blog)
Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can. Elsa Maxwell
So sad!! A family had just moved too Washington and what happens? Someone steals everything in their house. I wish you the best guys !
If you really loved me you'd love my farts.
chicken nuggets and fries in the 80s.. yeah buddy
Oh sorry! I thought you meant have I met anyone. I didnt know you where talking about a band! Haha! I feel so stupid!
I wonder if anyone has ever been slapped in the face by a pickle. That's how I would solve a Tony argument.
someone like you is amazing!!
Lakers...really....damn
did you get signed?!?!
Whats for lunch? I know! Free Fastinos Sandwich! Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
Assorted lozenges. Yum.
so good running into you last night! Tell beau happy birthday from me!
Nice work guys!
Yeah, its gonna be some time in September. I was hoping we could hang if I finally make it to the LA vicinity. lol
The ft nts should be included with any version of the article, if they aren't, check the IMH website
American Idol 2012 Top 5 Performance Recap: Finalists sing 60s and British songs (Video)
this is some of the worst watermelon i've ever eaten
Rooting for you tonight!
#poem Alate means having wings. No help to my writing career. I’m no angel. So for me: better never than alate.
go for it and right after well do stand up comedy together
I'm moving out next month
When your teeth hurt there is nothing better than a big bowl of icecream :)
Happy 1st Mothers Day to me :-)
Interesting read! thanks for posting
Love it! Will be sharing that in class today.
Oxy Mo: Genuine Fake
not totally looking forward to it. Forgot my socks too.
Whats up twitter
#Christie delivering reheated State of the State address. NJ making comeback from depths of 2009 because he cut spending, time for tax cut
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time. - Henry Ford
A Christmas Story!
Life goes on.
havent tweeted in awhile
Pan con Bistec!!! (Checked in at El Rey De Las Fritas)
It's Friday! Time to work : )
Should Terrence Jones enter draft or would he benefit from another yr in college?
Don’t give up just because things seem hard. Keep believing because your closer than you think to become everything you were created to be
Enjoying Mistborn very much. Thanks iyeronic!
Time to live a little!
back from a long hiatus.
How so? I get paid for 29 hours per week. I just worked a 50hr wk, had folks watch my kids, sacrificed sanity just 2 inform.
you were adopted
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
Lets go people! Show the real king of comedy some love.
Knew each other 18 days before they got married!!! The mind boggles.
Most of 'em anyway... I'm currently away from the classroom though. Gotta write that book!
Europe cash coffee: Strong demand for spot contracts
2hours never felt so long im funna die
"Sometimes the only way to heal, is to first hurt deeply." - Sarah D. Henson
I'm only me when I'm with you
My lovely friend Kim would've been 32 yrs old today. Oh how I miss her vibrant energy & laughter. XO Kim!
Just got home guess Iam going to try to go to sleep cause my lil bro game in a few hours
tell me what do you see when you're looking at me the social responsiblity its killing me inside
According to psychology, there is no such thing as a photographic memory. I feel better knowing that they just remember info in patterns.
I need a house wife
Waste of time.... Fuckin liar!
Wearing sandals with a jacket on # go jump off a bridge
Will you be watching the CUBS or the WHITE SOX GAME tonight while eating our CURRY in the comfort of your home?
Mouth piece*
SO glad that #ForksOverKnives is finally coming to southeast VA (6/17)! Heard so many great things; can't wait to see it for myself.
So I got pulled over....He said My Window Tint is to dark.....Really?? I guess he had nothing better to do!
~follows~ ok i'll come
getting off in a sec
U have to wake up to seek the truth everything is not as it seems majority seem asleep while very few are awake follow me
"When kids volunteer it tells others they don't have to be perfect ... or even grown up to make a difference." - Kalynn Dobos, 7...
Want to grow more hair? www.scoresluda.com
Who should I listen to next
I am looking forward to seeing you guys in here.
Men&Women of The 99%.... Help small Business Owners&Unemployed Mothers by Supporting your Online Representative Shop Avon -
One thing I do love about the #Oscars...they always start on time!
wait i really dont wanna leave but actually have to but i really dont want to seriously but my mom wants the cpu so sorry:D
can u drop me off at the airport!? I promise I'll get on!
Home from work & all I feel like doing is hibernating. Thank you, fifty degree weather.
i got a fb,,im soo happy
RT : For those that have given up on the #Brewers after yesterday, remember last years team was 14-20 on May 8th...
Try the Roasted Chicken Sammy : whole wheat, chicken, provolone, roasted red pepper, artichoke, pesto mayo!
Scottsville Farmers Market is open TWO days a week. Thursdays: 3:30 to 7:30 PM and Saturdays: 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. Always Fresh - The Best!
keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house
I heard u 🐭'd out your fellow tweeterz just to get out!
“: Its new to you; to me, its old” true -2chains voice
#HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids
I Wonder if She Misses Me,
Check w from LA...
the interview obviously took place on April 1 - Fool's Day
Chris: Youtube cant play anything
Does this week seem like it's about a month long to anyone else?
Same food/people/ranch. That's what's important.
Ahh so excited #ChasingTheSun #TheWantedEP9Days Needs to come faster!!!!
I'm excited for next season! and I got season tix for dubs!
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
i love my bucket. thank you!
because it's bacon. Pigs are my hero because they eat slop and make bacon. What other animal can do that?!
trying to stay up & watch the rest of this game, but sleep is coming down on me..smh
Let's go Pats!
Maybe NJ Sometime To Meet Them (: YAY! Excited!
thank you for mentioning my book on Twitter. You are an amazing women!
I'm right there with ya ;) QT : All the learner stories really get me, Im such a sap
How do we make data functional? Def a need for user needs assessments and ILS evaluations
This meal equiv line is cray
Thanks for the RT! I haven't received much traffic this week on the ol' blog, all sharing helps. =)
I love Revlon lipsticks &I C U do 2! I use #455 a lot. What #color is in the squared Revlon lipstick case? &pink&Orange 1s?
We some times set our eyes on the finish line, forgetting the past & straining towards the mark of spiritual maturity & fruitfulness~BAMM.
Crazy, wonder what it could be...
We're in the process of moving our office, so there may be slight delays w/ orders & message response 4 a few days. Thanks 4 your patience!
I want one of those relationships where people are like 'damn, they're still together?'
Looking for unique lighting fixtures? Our showrooms have a wide selection on display, so stop in today!
I hope we can fix this problem asap
The Other Guys (2010) Terry: Your farts aren't manly. Allen: Are you serious? Terry: They sound like a baby blowing out birthday candles.
Just listened to. #SAYSOMETHIN 3'times this Morning by the end of the day ima know that song !!!😊😊❤❤
No caffeine was a really bad idea this morning..I'm officially sleep tweeting
5% of sales tonite at 1618 supports PPMD. Have a glass of wine 2nite for a good cause.
my hole birthday party was going on and I stood there crying literaly the hole time bec u would not say happy birthday to me
Travis Barker's leaked photos! I really expected his rock star penis to have tattoos.
2 for 1 EveryThing in full effect until 9
I see. I am made out of gluten though. Lol. I'm glad they figured out what was making you sick.
Some old people are driving vehicles right now and don't even know it
Do you use your RSS reader daily? weekly? ever? I love my Google Reader, but I'm a bit confused and curious.
Hope your Sunday was outstanding. Have a wonderful night.
how was your prom?
Best day of my life
linda las uñas!!..
this is literally the only reason i hang out with you
I need a new job. One that doesn't require hearing 80 gunshots/day. Missing out on normal er'day life.
This all seemed so much easier when I was 5 and dreamed of having a wonderful life. 17 now and my lifes
People remember how u treat them...
Great horn session today with Danny Pelfrey, Dave Becker, jim Kerber and my producer Mark Ross!
I do not like your "new look" too much change!!
I knew those "sexual battery" lawsuits against John Travolta were BULLSHIT. Losers trying to get PAID.
Surprise naps are the best kind.
hell yeah
I love this weekend already :D so happy
oh crap, lol sorry :/
Has NYT ever done a story on ? Would make for a great profile.
Ahh this lady needs to beat her up quick!
How will this year's signing bonuses affect next year's salary cap at #KU?
Can a girl get a cab?
His is We had a lot of fun too!! Thanks again. You guys are welcome over any time. Let's do this more often.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
If I'm your bestfriend, you wouldnt have acted this way. True friends aren't like that.
I kinda feel there should be no difference in a foul call no matter position on the field. If it's a foul, it's a foul.
Miami home opener this Sat @ Cocoa @ 7PM or Sunday Day vs Orl 5PM @ BigTree, S. Day Bch
To be all broken up and delirious.
nice work reporting on the most wanted fugitives!
Are you bringing your backpack tommorow?
Marble Slab site to host AT&T store instead of ice cream
#imagine Harry: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Harry: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
How about a $5 gift card for the closest price by 10:30AM this morning. Yes, you may ask questions.
Everyone tweeted me back & said it was really good.
haha got it
yeah true!:/
Loving the Rush of training Hard
Lit circles r great if not overused. Many Struggling Readers prefer nonfiction but r smothered in fiction daily
I would consider selling my soul to the devil to be done with finals and teleport home
In the studio until Tuesday. Can't wait for you to hear the new tunes!
should i get dropped off
what about the 20 games that will be blacked out?
Ditto. RT : Every year around this time, I'm reminded of the pain of being an atlanta hawks fan. sigh.
At The woman next to me ordered the sushi. That's like going to and ordering the chicken fingers!
Never give up. Go over, go under, go around or through. But never give up.
Someone just told me they think Liam is ugly. Bitch, you cray.
John Wooden, one of my idols!
I wish I didn't have a heart.
What up tweople!
BF made it as far as Vienna. Last leg, Vienna to Kurdistan(Erbil), 2morrow. Don't know if I should worry about his safety there.He says no.
thank you for writing back and make sure to wear sunblock the sun rays are especially strong right now
What's going on buddy? How's 7S treating you these days?
RT : RT Shorter Obama: I'm prepared to give Republicans everything they want...and still they say no
You are a stronger that can face challenges better because you are reinforced by being able to do the things you love.
today was pretty good, driving lesson later tonight, writing a disturbing story for my reading/writing workshop class its great
I'm sleepy as shit
I think I'll take a nap on my desk now.
good to have you home for a couple days. Hope to see you soon. Best of luck
Come out for lunch today in , 11am to 3pm!
and beer! Amtrak up? :)
RT "Colts say they will draft Andrew Luck. in related news, water is wet, and fire is hot." My sentiments exactly.
#Kool, just take care of yourself we'll later ok..
Happy Friday Everyone!
Daydream of things like lexus and beamer's.
Im ready for some more camps!!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great March weekend buddy!
So late everyone.
Are there many free or low-cost treatment centers there? I need recommendations please!
The response from the article has been great! Thanks for all the support!
Cravin' Juanito's. Trip there in a few weeks?
I feel like everytime I discover a song on the internet its always the first song I hear on the radio in my car
Happy Birthday Mrs. Coolness : )
Do it!
Peace of mind..
Thanks for responding. You can send a resume, brief cover letter and 2-3 clips to
Maybe my team will feel my support vibes in the #DMV and start playing #Tarheel basketball. We don't miss free throws!!!
Mee To Good luck with that.
Link out to authority sites reinforcing points in your content, says
what is in it rocks???
WSOD affects us all. Congrats on the launch!
Me too!
No Chance! The Rangers will sweep the rest of the way and win in 6.
RT if you're a girl who can appreciate Jazz Music. Guess what? I love you if you do <3 Lol
": ": #WilWheatonSausageFest really needs to be trending." #bigbangtheory" LOL watching right now!
Today I've watch the Mighty Ducks trilogy, the Wall, and now Team America: World Police…. What a strange selection of movies for one day
Please stop by and visit #ShelterHopePetShop! We showcase shelter animals for adoption at the Janss MarketPlace Mall!
But rock covers of rap shd be judged aesthetically. E.g. the Manic St Preachers' ver of "Umbrella" and Korn's ver of "Word Up" = awesome.
Should be fixed now. Give it a shot and let us know if it's all set or if I need to spend more time on it!
So glad that warm weather is picking up all over again, yesterday's wind was
the more ppl playing with my wii the merrier
Always great to catch up w/ great work of
Well luckily that was Dec 2011 state of the month. I think this month it'll be... any state but Florida. #%$%(^(%*@!!!
haha shut up
I am honored. Thx for the follow. As a bonus, following me reduces the chances of bad weather by 10%.
leprechauns too?
Was that the 21 gun salute behind the hounds?
Perfect night.
pitching now at #SocEntWknd to reduce cost of solar power in WA state. "together let's make WA a greener place"
what did you think
hahaha yeah he fucking did. Mrs. Vick asked her wth she was doing and made her stop! 😝
You look so good in blue.
Lubricating molecules
Fleet Foxes are no joke live.
he's talking to bush?
With all due respect, it is absolutely impossible to trade without losses at all. Something is not quite right with your robot.
is about to skidaddle from work. Question...have u ever had the feeling that things were about to seriously start going your way?
oh thank god thought i missed it.
That is so cool
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
Tried to patch leaky crack or floor joint one too many times and it just keeps leaking? Schedule a free inspection here:...
good morning
It's crazy that investors hear about #RIMM ceo/board issues & the #stock price goes up-This is a failing biz, are you gambling on a merger?
Thank you for following us back and for your support!
Danny looks like an anorexic child molester
Lakers vs thunder tonight.
Just witnessed someone rob someone w/ a pistol in broad daylight.!
Sunday football. 8-)
See you guys there! What day are you performing? “: Rehearsing getting ready for SXSW!”
I want some ice cream! 
Thank you!
Plan your own trip to the Caribbean at home with authentic easy recipes.
I'll support catholics being able to withhold funds for abortion/contraception when I can get a refund on all the taxes I've paid into wars.
Really a photoshoot right after i eat
How many flats can I deal with at once? Half of the family bikes currently need attention but I'm stuck at work with a flat tire.
Another beach day ruined by rain...
so i am like the most bored person on earth right now
good and you?
#schoolmemories dancing with at every school dance (:
At some point it becomes nice to just make the decisions and stop worrying about them.
I see your tweets and i want to make sure you are alright. If you need anything let me know. Praying for you and your fam.
"The spirit of revolution, the spirit of insurrection, is a spirit radically opposed to liberty"-Francois Guizot
OMG.... So I just heard a new Hannah Mahoney song... She says "It turns out, you're not Mr. Wonderful"...Trouble in paradise ?
have a great weekend
“: #survivor "It is what it is" - I hate that saying. Not sure why. It's just so passive. "It is what it is..."” AGREED!!!
#FF experts helping others improve
calling all WEDDING photogs, planners, caterers, bloggers, etc. wanna contribute to 944's feb. wedding issue? email me at
Thanks for stoppin by to say hi Sun, next time feel free to make yourself comfortable
Im down with N Y G yea you know me :-)
Thanksgiving is... <fill in the blank>?
#ItsAwkwardWhen you're laughing so hard that no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Anyone tailgating with their Toyota at Miller Park?
every single person that I have dealt with today has been utterly incompetent, and I have only been awake for an hour.
In the form you reference I think CS it shouldn't even be named that. Its more like non profit volunteering.
do the mens heath abs diet. You'll definitely achieve that goal
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything
TGIF! Who is ready for the weekend?
I need to follow more Seattle directioners.
Anyone see Terra Nova on discovery last night? Interesting concept.
To love another person is to see the face of God. ~Les Miserables
“ On my this morning:)”
If drops Tell Me More and uses finances as an excuse they will not see a dime from us ever again.
I don't wanna go to school..
album comes out tommorrow #sostoked. I wish they would come tour in florida! :(
Making great progress on the literature review for my prospectus. It feels really good when the ideas flow.
Following you now :)
Everyday is Easter: And we are raised with Him, death is dead, Love has won, Christ has conquered [...] Christ is risen from the dead!
Now that schools done for the semester I'm already bored :/
After a week of vacationing and resting up...SST hits the stages again starting saturday...FINALLY!!!
With the exception of the architecture and few other things New York City is a shit hole in every sense of the word.
#MOH recipient Sal Giunta "I've been out since last June and I still am transitioning."
A Big Fish In A small pond
So that's what it sounds like when all of Miller Park laughs.
do you know Cory Miller
Wow I can't believe that Austin is going to be having a concert somewhere outside of US. Amazing how big that boy has gotten <3
okay well the offer stands for whenever! Once again we apologize, when your ready to come back..would love to have u!
"You play in dirt, you get dirty" - Jimmy McNulty.
check out for updates from #flashbelt 2009! Day 1 Bike ride, massive visuals on buildings, BEER. Can't wait for Day 2 :D
thank you! :)
The early bird gets the worm but also wants to fly into a window to end his misery
stay tuned...
(sits and stares at keys)
I havnt been there in a super long min. We got one in midtown too. You know this. Shit I want to shoot out to Florida.
": family over everythang!!!!!!"
I saw your beautiful wife in her final show of She was stunning. Shame more people won't get to see it.
I really wish people would stop using "heart" as a verb.
When I ROLL UP!!!!
Zakariya Salem Saad: The airplanes used in the barbaric bombing of protesters were MIG 23 which have rockets & heavy machine guns
Good afternoon twitter!!
Bye bye chicago, love the city but its just too cold ..... Going back to my beach house :D Miami
well thanks for the tip tho, i'm already used to weird machinations to get iphone FB app to load pix properly, so what the hey
It's amazing really, how a sequence of people being friendly and helpful can brighten one's attitude. Kudos universe.
I hate how i cant watch one direction video because i am from Toledo, Ohio that just sucks so i cant prove anyhing to my mom.
Blatant mistakes like "culty sack" when referencing a dead-end suburban neighborhood street are so hilarious!
He who sits on the throne said, "Behold, I am making all things new." -Revelation 2:15
good lord you're better than me.. You drove by yourself.??
#thingsisayatayankeesgame: "what happened?"
today my T.A. asked if we were done with the problem on the board so he could "rub it out!"
Trend 1: More research, more data; Trend 2: More interdisciplinary activity; Trend 3: Changes in Scholarly Comm. & Publishing models ...
“: The first sentence in your novel is so important. #querytip” Yes. And I will write it last.
Thanks! :D
Oh, hi there!
Such an interesting idea: placing tech interns with parl as a way of promoting internal expertise .... used in Croatia
I agree. Our challenges at SDUSD are so huge and so seemingly intractable I wish everyone was working with us.
Throwing everything she said to me back in her face. >
Asdfghjkl I'm SO excited for the new season of teen wolf ;D <3 <3
Thanks, looking forward to it. Been seeing them for years, always good to see some hometown guys make an impact.
WHERE DA BUD AT UGH !!! SCARED MONEY DNT MAKE NONE
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Pain as result of workout making it hard to type column about workout. Where are my wristguards when I need them?
So sore I need bed lol !!
Congrats Patriots now I hope the giants get beat bad I hate the giants
Samee.NEEDS to follow me.
The Awakening Arab Market seeks greater voice in global business. Transforming governments and the workforce in the process.
Hussey = Smooth Operator
dam when??
Darkness my new fragrance will be the best yet of Jake Drew.......!!!
Paul White speaking to us via Skype about the 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
of course! Keep your eyes open for my recap out tomorrow afternoon!
gotta agree w that :) Thank you !
come to my stand up comedy show, i know you like entertainment. lol
you need to do a live broadcast on NFL network with a #ballsoharduniversity background
Feather extension time. $2.00 each.
NEW FRESH DANK IN, GOING FAST: AK-47! Super potent Indica for only $12/G or $30/8th! Enjoy ;)
Looking forward to heading over to #bizexpo to present #sm4sg with and
Fork is in the cheese
Wait.. didn't I see that in a Portlandia episode?!
Trying to decide what make of all this right now...
O M G this weather is ridiculous
ow! sorry, tx! at least you still have cows. AND you were in the WS. lots of teams would love to try that on. congrats, stl.
Tonight J.Kap hits the stage at Graveyard Tavern in the basement along side the RiTE Family circus! Show starts at 10pm. Be there!
We takin dum ass jump shots
I get what ur saying
follow me sweety
The New Mexico Small Business Development Center offers sub-contracting seminar 9 am-12 March 6 at Clovis-Curry County Chamber of Commerce
Hey now!
MY MESSAGES NEVER GO THROUGH FROM MY PHONE SO I CANT VOTE -_____--
oh right. see, i am lottery dumb. should've paid more attention in stat.
If you are a teacher, take your own advice. it's amazing! #AlwaysKeepLearning! #MakingMoves!
#IfIwasPresident would be in my pants. and everybody would be tan.
Yeah, and what about prairie dogs? Sure they're vermin crawling with disease, but they're cute!
RT : Anywho.. On another note, I love all y'all..--- lol stories about fb status with u
Heck yeah I will! Just tell me when you guys are heading out on tour! Did Matt tell you that we're moving to LA? :O
We know not where our dreams will take us, but we can probably see quite clearly where we'll go without them
How can talkin to one person bring your whole world down? Geesh, I'm glad I left you alone.
so what happened to kramer? poof-he's gone, ? and the law suits?
and yes, we know we tweeted TGIF on Friday. We're not proud of it.
I'm happy cuz I can almost scream victory;)
Discuss FREE College credit for HS students TONIGHT at 6:30pm in the Jefferson HS cafeteria w/SEI and
Yip. RT : Boom RT : I believe, Jermichael, "the quarterback"'s name is Aaron. Might want to use that.
It is like a sauna at the reference desk right now.
Can't wait to see u there either Thomas!!! ^.^
Good meet up w/editor & visual effects artist; looks like editor's cut 2b completed ahead of sched w/in nxt 10-days! Post movin at good pace
Hurricane Irene get anyone? in new Hampshire our power went out. It just came back on :) -izzy
a family who lives in TN needs your help desperately. Their gay son died and the school knew about his plans. Who will take action?
The "Day Man" song from #ItsAlwaysSunny might legitimately be one of my favorite songs ever.
alive and kicking, and looking dapper, too
We need to do our thing together soon buddie.
thanks for following! mercury in summer is awesome! :D have a great day, itd be awesome if you also checked out ! <3
i never use my Twitter.. Gotta Tweet more! Follow me
3 days until a mini vacation. Hope they go fast.
Thanks! School is great - nearly done, actually! How is your work? Still in MI?
Looking forward to todays shoots and Spokane Chiefs game!
Ha ha ha! I thought as much! Have a great Friday night!
That was actually me...RT : Got to high five one of 'em. Made my hand sparkle. Ew.
Tell her says hi and how will Terrible Beauty survive with her out of town?
Had my wisdom teeth removed this morning. Went well- if anyone needs me this weekend, I will be on my couch. (trying not to shop online)
Pets Rocking in Manhattan - All Pet News (blog)
"A true conservationist is a man who knows that the world is not given by his fathers, but borrowed from his children." - John James Audubon
Had to search Twitter to find prep score because Channel3000 is not iPhone viewable. Pretty pathetic.
Chest workout followed by cardio. then home for a Yummy protein shake and some oatmeal!!!
I should have been a copyeditor. There has been an increase in "Ms. Pryde, would you read my paper" queries this week. More than usual.
no plan b for that...
you won't be able to move by friday. haha
We're playing at Backstage Lounge 1315 S Main St Gainesville, FL on Saturday April 2. Show starts at 9pm. Tickets $8
GOD is always looking to promote you.
i work here lol
What's good to make for a potluck?
kinda sad we use the term suicide with a 18/19 year old
when I say no it means no.
I'm looking for examples of patient-centered blogs run by locally-oriented health care organizations. Any ideas?
I'll ask you the same thing when I get my 2 seater ride at Indy!
you know you give absolutely 0 fucks when you do a photoshoot ina kilt with a straight ass face the whole time
OH. But yes, actually all of the things would be inadvisable, so you're quite right.
God Bless him for his service.
Keep free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said,"Never will I leave you;never will I forsake you."
Starting this week with Steely Dan's "Kid Charlemagne"
KOTCHMAN WITH A TOWERING DRIVE TO DEEP RIGHT FIELD, AND OUT OF HERE! 4-1 TRIBE! LETS GO!
"When you face your fear, most of the time you will discover that it was not really such a big threat after all."
go jog around the block :)
As in food brought from multiple restaurants? RT : we should have a food related Tweetup
i knew you'd like it!<3
It almost seems like the Blazers couldn't handle not having the "everyone's injured" excuse to fall back on this season.
Is heartbroken and emo
Indie film lovers check out
I sure do! Actually I don't know what his hair looks like because he was wearing a hipster hat.
MARC 517 just struck a person and is stopped on tracks.
..it hurts that bad!!
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The #sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
Wondering about writing coaches & webinars. If they could make more $$$ writing books or movies or limmericks, wouldn't they be doing that?
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Booty Daddy Mikey Stix
Yup, I agree - but most companies don't, and that's a shame.
Maybe the Mayans just ran out of space when they made their calendar.
OH (at the office) "Gretchen kind of looks like she's 10."
its even harder to picture that you're not here next to me
Goodnight everyone. Remember #GNF!
Everett Animal Shelter looking 4 canned pet food donations Kirkland, Science Diet, Aims & Nature's Recipe Rbest
#Feng Shui Tip: Receiving is just as important as giving! Keep the flow!
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Females love It when you surprise them .
#Venezuelans & people all over #LatinAmerica have no rights because of evil tyrants like Hugo &
that, and I had a run in with a fortune teller that made me wholeheartedly believe that smthing will happen to me when I hit 42.
can't wait to see you on Thursday @ SXSW I wanna take a pic with you....
knock knock?
It's definitely possible that BOS is on decline & CLE is a bat away but i'd like to see how CLE wud do in AL East.
nicely done! see you didn't need my help at all! ;)
VERY under-prepared. I am keeping in mind that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
youre tall. :o and you play basketball haha thats great.(:
My cmte worked hard--and it showed! SO PROUD!
Jim, you can also use "all y'all"!
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win. -Shelley Long
I wish would update their box app. Damn this thing sucks.
Man be saying the realist shit
Amazing day. Looking forward 2 conference tomorrow. So much good info as a support group leader and as a mom!
yea, that was a freak accident.
we just walked out lol
#BBN show some love! Hopefully we can add him to the class.
My favorite European team is actually in Russia. Big ups to Samuel Eto'o for putting Anzhi in championship group.
S/O to for being my bro lately
Great Q from : What does a good visitor experience look like on web/social/on-site? Do we know?
Indeed, thanks to the and everyone else
I want to wish a very happy bday to the one and only I love him so much!! <3
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended. Contract expires end of june.
I BLAST atilla in the parking lot waiting for my mom. People are freaking out loolololol
I'm flattered to be in such good company. And that guy is cool
Would you say that your online identity as "Scandy" toed the line of porn? So many men seemed so quick 2 consume you.
Anyone that gets a fever from a pussy really shouldn't be blasting his suck hole about anything presidential...let alone assassination.
Life before electronic communication.
nothing much just staying out of the snow and ice lol
Welcoming our newest members Joan and KFaehling
Sean Hiller needs to stop telling girls he likes that they're not pretty.
Good morning #thankgod for another one
Huntsman: Believes everything should be up for budget cuts, including Dept. of Defense
but thanks :)
Want a tattoo today? John has appointment time from 4-8pm and Gustavo has time from 5-9pm! Come on down or give us a call !
Alright, I rarely do this, but I just walked past a group whose fashion and attitudes merit the reaction: Man, fuckin' hipsters.
“: major workout day !! training with , cardio then pilates ?!? #getit”. Can't wait!
it says i'm following you
GOD is SO good!
Talent Agent Needed...
We all Know Selena goes everywhere with Justin lol it's not obvious
oh I could go on d man. Paisley is amazing. He is like a version of Kirk Hammett and Stevie ray Vaughn. Has rhythm and speed
hit me up
consider the chip bags emptied
so you're a laker fan too
RT : He's Phony, She's Fake!
well im at home rite now lol i go to L'Anse Creuse high
The best tweets are always 4 characters too long...I can cut 3 characters by adding grammatical errors, but 4
Gah damn, just saw project x... Makes me wanna go to a party.
Mica favors some TE activities but "time 2 get away from mandates" Rahall "tired of this program being used as whipping boy"
Grey's yes. But it seems that after LOST, killing popular characters became vogue. Oh I miss the time of red shirts.
My mom loves flowers.
trudging through the mountain of work that's been piling up since last week
New laptop.
Just read that Facebook is going to start launching Timeline for fan pages this month! What do you think?
You lookin to build some muscle man? Tmw voice
Same with me. Lol just laying here -_-
okay, maybe i'll make a secret new twitter name RestlessLegSyndrome? for the night
What's the goddamned aural difference between "ha-ha" and "ha-hah" in Stoppard's #Arcadia?
Will do!
Look for the announcement of Celeste Kellogg's official Fan Club being announced early 2011...
I wanna visit!
I'm talking about infrastructure in general - ex: fiber installed when w new streets in a major project. I agree access not univ.
I hope I get my computer back from the tech who is fixing it (my cousin, lol). I sure miss twittering more often!
#BlueRock welcomes the #RedCross and their production company to our great #soundstage!
use the entrance on S. Frederick. No crowd.
Plane ticket = $300, snacks at airport = $10, having amazing kids get really excited to see me and give me hugs = priceless!
I'd think closer to 10. 5 seems like a steal. Kind of? with his temper, though..
m not so bad (=
Really excited to hear the work puts into the studio this week.
I hate being at home all day!
ROB YOUR SONG IS THE SHXT!
": Michael Eric Dyson teaches a class at Georgetown about Jay-Z." Now that's cool.
Hahaha whatever your heart desires(:
Many intriguing panels @ #NCPH2012, particularly: Whose Civil RIghts Stories on the Web + State of the field: The Long Civil Rights Movement
Lost my school id. Crap.
Who do people in the love the most in BTR? Mine would of course be the only one! KENDALL
Next Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee is Sat, May 16th inside the Milwaukee Harley-Davidson dealership on Hwy 100 & Silver Spring
Hey #HCG 'Losers'! How was your #weightloss this weekend?
Earning money feels good but giving it away to my family for the bills feels even better
Is it weird that when I walk into a bank I think of ways to robb it.. And strategize a plan step by step?
Yes, thats right, I am a heartless bitch.
did you get a hard case for the akai apc40? I need to get one
Hello, my friend. Yes, it is!
hahaha right . ! (: well G2G Loser Bye * Gasp a dinosaur "\('o')/"
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Mary j got off in that commercial.
Keep the faith. You'll come back stronger.
I HATE having allergies.
change your mind yet sign me interscope records payola 2012
Advocate through FB - create a group page (ie Save SC libraries)
RT : I hope Crucifictorious is on the Battleship soundtrack.
- #nice That's when SNL was good.
huh?? is there a different R.Kelly? lol RT : I wanna do a song with R Kelly.
Got passes from hispanic website. Mgmt says definitely here.
lol I do you bold with that name but what's up
I think, should Redman do well, there's a good chance they cut Mendenhall loose.
The boat sank. We know.
today we're going to see Annie with our friends!
"In all things be a master of what you do and say and think. Be free."
yes at an Arbys in Manhattan. Where your $8 roast beef becomes a $38 sandwich.
"Jenna Marbles! Gettin' people pregnant!"
Submission deadline for SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 13 is Friday, August 13, 2010. Send queries to wptATeightstonepressDOTcom!
nice. Good looking
If he had pitched a fit on the bench or after game, it'd be different. He was just answering questions. No harm, no foul.
Don't let the snow stop you from visiting Hundred Acres Manor Haunted House!! Only two nights left!
I hope those include fewer than 1 million bots :)
Little Weapons is on Text! We love it and it's been a fun and efficient way to text each other and get business done!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you randomly get horny while driving the car =/
I think you're referencing the truck from World of Jenks. It was a Jeep Commander :-)
Good luck finding the fuck that I should give about you.
: Hit me up the day of... would love to see you Friday too!
That girl was so hot dude 😳
So just saw THE HELP- loved it but realized that I'm totally over paying my maid.
April 14th, Guthrie Oklahoma, lazy E arena! Help us raise awareness and put a stop to childhood obesity. RT if want to make a difference.
I'm sensing a 98 yard TD coming up...
All I want to do is High Fashion #Modeling, get some free designer labels wear my own #jewelryline and get some celeb jewelry clients...
I'm going to take Barbara Walters advice to ElizabethHasselback to heart: "The show must go on."
My mom came home with a 1D magazine and chocolate for me... I love you So much :')
No! Thanks for pointing it out to me.
still workin out the kinks, I reckon...
Awesome, thanks -- we'll check 'em out. Got any more old 4-H friends up your sleeve?
yo it be Jose..
if the power went out I couldn't see the TV anyway... lol. If internet goes out... I'll tether my phone :-)
Blah.....fuck this I just wanna have fun.. ._.
Could not wake up this morning. So tired.
Went to a new barber today. They did that thing where they wrapped my face in a hot towel. Kinda freaked me out.
SIT THE FUCK DOWN WOULD YA PLEASE...
No matter how love sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.~ Joyce Brothers
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Going to see cabin in the woods. Scan of the theatre doesn't show whedonheads.
Who let the dogs out?
I tried to reply to you privately - but it is not working. I promise that I do not have any anger in my heart. We want peace but.
If you're in L.A. and tryna get tatt'd tomorrow hmu! Special Deals tomorrow!
And u knows funny? He will get this message. He will just keep sending money like that's going to be alright. Fuck money.
I am drenched from the rain. My good deed of the week is finished, so I'm back... at work. It's an exciting life I lead.
Still thinking about 'Time Stands Still' -- heart-wrenching, provocative & brilliantly performed. Go see it!
28 minute flight to Grand Rapids, MI.
I can't believe all the similarities were there. I was there for gm 5 in 2007, one of the best moments of my life
UPDATE: Livingston Co. sheriff deputies confirm 1 dead, 3 injured in Livonia crash.
Sunday Funday @ Sache!!!!!!! Walk in wearing your shades (even if you're not hung over:) and get an extra 10% off of everything!!!
Amazing rehearsal last night with new singer Whitney Coleman. Crawfish Boil all day #cinqodemayo 18th & Church
Sender and receiver mutually evolve a code that enables communication, but that negotiation only has bits to work with
The Oracle/Hurd memo from Big Larry to employees: Dear Colleagues, bla bla, leadership, bla bla, culture... integrity, bla bla, stock price!
Who are your Ru-ting for?
Welcome back, #Drexel students! Hoping you had a restful break and that 2012 is off to a great start!
Long Tail Keywords - People are searching for a specific item, variations are endless.
Is there a better nut than an almond ?
i hate you :hmm:
the lip thing I hate
"Superstar! xo!"
Watching skins Season 3 and 4 - yes! :)
Oh yeah, why would the Steelers even entertain a trade for Rothlisberger, for a top-10 pick? Thats stupid
If you don't apologize by tomorrow we are no longer friends
“: #lovetherunyourwith5k, unimpressed w event pageantry and race gifts $40 got me” did u at least get a shirt??
I truly hope the #Colts take Upshaw so the #Ravens can't. Red Flags Reg Flags...
lmfaoo hell yea
My mom just bought tickets to see Wiz Khalifa. For herself. Mom.........
whoop sick buddiess
Anybody have any dealings with WebCore?
Listening to YellaWolf
Brutal turnover
Up here @ 254 ink across from west end mall ...we getting it N ...20% off tats
Can we just dump Simone in the ocean like we did the tea and break away from his nonsense
I was gonna DM you a number but you aren't following me
#NABJ The end of Unity Journalists of Color is more than unfortunate. It represents a disturbing trend in U S newsrooms. They're lost!
I often say, just because I don't say doesn't mean I don't know. I should say, the less I say the Less I care.
Booked a part in the award winning web series "the adventures of super7even"!
God bless you Today is also the anniversary of my grandfather's passing. May (y)our day be
For the Love of music
yes, it's not fun what's up?
~ Throwing XOXO your way sweetness. Thamls for the ReTweetable Mentions! So delicious.. ha
were all taught to do it with the slip of one hand.
There has to be some kind of study that looks at why humans enjoy farm simulation games so much, even in 2012. (I want Harvest Moon, plz.)
oh man, great idea I'm about to turn it on! The perfect jams to get you through a tough day! PS. we have a lot to catch up on!
Haters gotta hate
It's what u make of it not what u think of ot
so who is going to take the risk and draft megatron in fantasy this year??
Im fuccin' ready for #DIRTYIIIRDS again this saturday. This nigga 'guarantees' turnt up parties! period.
. Thanks for loving my dad's poem. I will eventually publish the rest of them. Some are deeply moving! Good luck with your book.
Hello if your costumers need airport transportation send them my way I will return the favor with my costumers
Do not have, can I find them online? <3
Bright side? Now we'll have a quick and easy shortcut to making Moscow Mules without having to leave campus.
not cos of the sun., cos people are watching me
When you're cleaning you come across stuff and wonder "Why did I hang on to this?!"
#NP Called Out In The Dark - Snow Patrol
Thanks Starbucks for making a good frapp today... We won't talk about the last 100.
I've been listening to Sleeping With Sirens, Pierce The Veil & Circa Survive all day.
Rheumy has me starting on Humira along with my Plaquenil starting next week. I'm a bit uneasy about it, but I hope it gives me some relief.
gives me an excuse to break out the Counsell shirt!!
Wow! That Rizzo is awesome. The Padres should call him up because those Tucson numbers will certainly translate well at Petco!
Stay positive, everything works out.
G4rrrrrrrrrrrrr twitter... let my tweet go thru!
About to play you another cut from new album called #MakeBelieve on Cant wait to dig in to this-
wait my brother just put on a random episode of Seinfeld and its the underground shower head episode...
Special talent? Supporting a cause?want to be on radio? Tell us about it for a chance to be on Saturday's Variety Show. !!!
Reminded today what a privilege it is to treat children. nearly overwhelmed by how awesome & precious they are.
cuter than ;)
ughh my friend does that all the time!
"...You may dig winter time but, Spring is my Joy! (Joy Spring)
On my way to Vegas, might go see :)
Dreading my trip to the DMV tomorrow morning. :(
Jus got 2 harlem. Feeling better already. (:
plzzzzzzz follow me it my new years wish
A few of our favorite local DJs are spinning vinyl tomorrow at Come dance for No Richmond! Sat. 10:30pm.
What do you think about our new cover photo and profile picture?
'I'm just a regular 16 year old kid. I make good grilled cheese and I like girls' -Justin Bieber. ;)
You cheated on me with choreography
I am so glad I will see both of you in one week! It has been way too long.
#EBUS118 I am trying, but am finding myself super boring.
I can do that but I cant do that?
Biggest Fantasy Baseball Stars of the Week: Fan’s Take
i'm a Ferrer fan in the Austalian Open. it's endurance and heart against Murray's natural talents
Hey nephew I lost my name and password how do I get it back
"The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance."~Galatians 5:22-23
almost had this game! Them boys played their <3 out
That may be the true. I think Ajax is less of an injury risk too. 20th rd pick, I don't think you can fuck up too badly.
": Glad the "home race" is in the books, recommencing training sequence and wagon riding." Fit and x rated.
well that's good he seems polite. :)
Today is Wm Shakespeare's birthday! #448. Would he have a publishing contract in today's world, self-publish or write Broadway to film?
"Your work is to dicover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it ."
RT PPC Aruba & WPT Boot Camp Battle less than 2 months away! See you in Aruba !
Edmonds family beat Plymouth rock pilgrims to America by 1 year #'merica
Good Morning Everyone :)
My shiny teeth and me
I think that makes the GOP presidential field NFL Europe. RT Lawrence O'Donnell compares #sotu to an all star game. Which is apt.
Reading a good book by , called Twitter Power. Very helpful.
i burnt myself..
If you're a woman #entrepreneur (or staunch supporter of one) and want to share ideas with a brilliant, like-minded group of women, I invit…
I think half of LA was scared of that crazy wind lastnight... 6:30am now and still kinda windy :-/
So, its official! The girl group is coming soon ! Sassy Swagg 3 ayee, ! Y'all ready??
: About to watch Game 5 of the series! Lets close it up & move on to the Heat!
I may just log into my daughter's console. I'm at work so I can't do it immediately.
Kate upton doin the cat daddy is easily top 5 sexiest things ive ever seen hands down no doubt about it 
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Go Elena! Rock the world & keep making this planet a #SafeWorld4Women!
#youwerecooluntil you started wearing skinny jeans and leotards
Whisker Wars, pizza, & needlecraft with Yes on all 3 counts.
linnnnnnnds big hug girl! hope SF rocks!! my gf and I broke up in the fall but her friends are all still very cool!! ;) haha!
thanks for getting us to 800 folks! shooting for 1000 now!
finally!! its my Birthday, about to have a BLLLASSSSTTT tonight!!
don't know where I'm going but glad you're following.
I am a husband, father & entrepreneur who has become more and more interested in online marketing, blogging & social media
welcome!! I like LOVE it! And other #Imagines u did!
So the old lady behind me in the flight to Austin threw her nasty used tissue on my shoulder then it processed to roll into my lap!
wanna cum out
Like analyzing a fugue, sonata, or motet has never caused anybody any pain. :) They're harmless little numbers.
right back at you! Should be a great chat!
RT Great cause! Thank you for supporting so many great local orgs. >> Amen to that . And, Thanks!!
RT : I want to rephrase, the police said 'the people do not have the right to assemble.'
SAVE THE DATE: September 10, 2011, Yards Park, 4-10pm - BEER & BBQ - TICKETS COMING SOON!
Philip Seymour Hoffman :) RT Spill it! Who? RT Oscar winners do ride the subway.
At the HEAT GAME with my brother (Jason Garte) thanks papa!
To the one person that reads my tweets..goodnight
Hahaha now the real question is how many of those thousand are spam bots...
Ship building company in Singapore is looking for a General Manager with good neg skill for tender preparation, project coor. send CV to me
RT Remember to stop, look and listen today. God wants to encourage your heart.
Wonderful! It's so important to support our local farmers and community. Thank you for the reminder!
Dear security guard, just because I'm a teenager doesn't mean I'm up to no good. So please stop walking by and staring at me.
a nice little evening for some footy
Turns out I actually underestimated the value of Empire Strikes Back for explaining some of Nietzsche's concepts in the Genealogy...
MA has now replaced Rhode Island as the most Catholic state in the country
oh man, my hearts been particularly ugly lately and yet the gifts don't stop coming. Spoiled child.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Confucius
There are 2, upstream & downstream, on exhaust pipe. Call if you can't figure it out 242-9778
burns are the worst
Personally it was wonderful. Politically it was a bit rough. :-)
26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it? www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
I can't deal wit my moms and her friends lol
is WM going to be able to file an appeal of sorts in the near future?
First, dieting mice are almost always MORE ACTIVE than non-dieting mice
Wonderful! I'll be going back for a Ph.D. in Modern Literature and Culture!
got an email from twitter "twitter misses you"...what the?!
Jus followed everyone bck that has followed me this week... Love, so s/o to you all
Lolol what is homework? Not gonna do any of it, whatevaaaaaaa
Yeah ...... But I only live 5 hours away from him so ...... I hope I get to meet him before he gets to famous!
I Wanna see My Brother Benji tho(:
I know, right? I'm thinking a sequel?
so i have like no ride to school in the AM!
a great point.
Women dress alike all over the world they dress to be annoying to other women..
Onwards and upwards!
your friends are the best!!
The Pirates were really rolling along there at the start of the season. What happened? I hope they can turn things around.
no idea what you and are talking about. I haven't tweeted in over a month
Nordstrom just wrote to inform me that w/out this bamboo clutch and and maxi dress THERE WON'T BE ANY SUMMER.
This nigga on tv ttu he really trying to sale these coins!!
Testing a Google+ to (Facebook AND Twitter) cross-post. Using brackets because I'm a librarian.
lovely. Yes, let's skype around 8/9ish tonight because you know... my fav. show comes on at 10 (; looves you. XoXo
Y should he ? His loyalties r 2 his benefactors,not 2 his country. Re: #Haqqani says that he is not prepared to give #BB data...
ALways looking for the next gadget PCTEL Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend BLOOMINGDALE, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PCTEL, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCT
What's the latest on UTC reno time line? MT Do you know of when parts of UTC remod's will be completed?
red skull
i did and man wow he is a beast well i forgot that fast if its a man or lady well oh well ur awesome
Skeeter had already mauled a stuffed duck toy.
Sexually frustrated
Call into work or not
That awkward moment when walks into your house...
thanks for the info. i haven't been in the den stuff yet this year either and this is a good nudge for me. luv the rock star list
watching on w/coverage of #Tornado & #VincentTang. Incredible what they went through, our hearts go out to everyone!
Females want a nigga wit a job but if I sell drugs ill still get her huh
$10 RAW DEAL, plus new summer cocktails to push these clouds away
The fact that I am in Maine makes this rumor seem more legitimate - Nor'easter on Christmas day. Hmm...
In the lounge at the Showbox sodo, they stopped taking food orders. Too many at once. I think that's a record for them!
alright. i believe you.
It's great that I'm a plus in ur life but if u're always a minus how can we ever get ahead?
sorry...I think my A game is already in Florida for the week.
Effective networking tip 51: Forge and strengthen key business alliances, including your referral network, with your business networking
the irish chieftains
no I didnt call u a bitch so what are u saying
Tired-.- off to bed
Yes, and a smile on the face of a non-threatening black man in said video :D
Enjoy the exhibits! If you're looking for art, you've come to the right place. :)
yes! The girls are always wearing stuff straight out of Styles.
Family jog? Possibly the easiest way to learn how outta shape you are!
RT : "You can either accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them." Denis Waitley
Headache from hell
Hello hunters :)))
a threat to herself and her children, she would have Eric locked away at the very least. Too strong. Eric if he is pushed would have harmed
s favorite horse" I'll have another" just won the derby
No. It should have been higher to begin with. $100. There is no "choice" between speeding & driving responsibly.
Awe thanks (:
Hey Chris! I saw 's Community Manager job listing & came right to Twitter. Is there a better contact to reach you?
If she actually wants to watch the NBA Playoffs
going to be a late night, pushing through to release an update to Weather Genie
ive replied have you not gotten them?
All programs are different to fit their libraries :) I sent you some links via email about our programs.
Seems you're the expert! Impressed :) RT : haha Im always willing to help and give suggestions!
gahh interview tomorrow :o
We had a great conversation with from today about building a user base. Recommend any entrepreneurs check out his blog.
What kind of person who works at the Art Institute do you need?
Info Regarding Running Attire for Women
why didn't you invite me?? Hahah
today i will now find cody new shoes !!:D
Happy Monday everybody. Wanna read about my weird dream? It's not weird in a strange way b/c it could really happen.
I just lost 2 followers..
(Whiny voice) I'm tired...I'm tired. I'm hot...I'm hungry...gimme tacos, now...pollo!
seems like you have a great life
Study hall((:
"Mr. Crick, you got my weave wet!"
very impressive!
I had Comfy Cow for the first time this evening, it was heavenly.
Knots do need a little def.help. I will also go out on a limb and say Pierce will need to score at least 9 to win
Holiday worthy: Gilt Taste. Ruth Reichl's roasted chicken, spiced kale, dried chili pepper flakes, Parmesan with anchovies,onions, garlic.
Actors should license out full 3D body scans so we can enjoy new movies from when they were in their prime.
does not approve...
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F FOG/MIST: 61F FOG/MIST
The Ravine is ok, but should have found a better place to woo voters with
jesus, what is wrong with this world? i guess i'm going to have to run for president. ONE DAY gay marriage will be legal everywhere.
when and where is the fantasy football draft party going to be?
Another shoot rocked!
We are featuring $3 Loopy Bombs and $5 Lemon Drop Martinis, get yours tonight!
Ay if y'all wanna come down lets do it! I was referring to gettin alot of ppl but shit we can still kik it
So I'm listening to the radio. Lily Allen YES...but then the song gets hijacked by some autotuned pirate. What happened... Stop stealing ;)
Today we received in the mail: Dawes tickets, Kennedy Center theatre tickets, and Keane tickets… we are an awesome couple.
'King of the Hill' was great....enjoying all the seasons all over again...dang.
Can't be bothered.
I drink to o fast ...
would not, stay tuned to forecast as we go through the weekend, should be dry most of the day on Sunday
aw yeah! what station?
really? Cuz im about to change my schedule and be in apc.
outside of Sarasota
I'd be happy to see THE AVENGERS nab the biggest opening weekend. A movie that massive deserves a giant haul.
it usually is, based on what's been in the news for the past few years. Never had one here, but equal pay one today.
Just a FYI, I am alive and well...with Internet & phone access so u can contact me now
Hello #NAPICS! First attendee or exhibitor to mention this tweet at Off The Wall Magnetics booth 619 gets 500 free magnets!! Come visit!
WHY ARE MY COWS RECKLESS?
LOVING SugarRay's aggressive takes to the hope...
Not Ron, Not Hermione, YOU
Pls RT:FREE interactive teacher+kid friendly stuff at my newly-updated site: www.brianpcleary.com
Yes to both. While you're at it, steer your travels to the windy city :)
Lakers game in 5 min. after a double-header! Philly about to win this one.
Price Tag ♥
if flght from HNL to LAX has layover in KOA do i check in w/ regular Delta counter or inter-island counter for Hawaiian?
you told me to shut up!
RT and follow me? (: yea ok thanks!! (;
Training till you almost puke, thats going HARD!
Hearing Lil Wayne light a blunt at the beginning of one of his songs >>>>>
Bad ass workout earlier.
For fans of batman I would check out the series red hood and the outlaws. Its a fantastic new series from the DC new 52!
not too sure I'd be eating sprouts right now, from anywhere.
Thanks for sharing the news on the AZ vigilante law. Hard to believe we've come to this.
Shouldn't be RT : RT : we're not really trippin on that, are we?
Haha! no one was off-limits at the Regal Beagle!
Thanks for acknowledging my pain! I'd write a strongly worded letter, but it wouldn't make a difference. Perhaps we can...
I asked him about emeraude
always a pleasure. Hope to do it again soon!
Shout out to for having the most swag in the PGA and for his first W!
schweeeeet! it'll be fun! we're gunna be selling stuff like it's a thrift store too hahah $5 shirts and stuff :)
“: I LOVE BEING A #PISCES HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! MARCH 17TH ”
I dont know yet! A bottle of chardonnay I think. Its in the fridge and will be ready to go when I get home. YOU?
do you work down town? I go to the Hubcap for lunch
good luck. 143 ❤
And all of a sudden my room magically becomes a Sauna?
If you take care of your character, your reputation will take care of itself. ~ American Proverb
Great conf call with my bud whose home from hospital and eager to get started on 'Privacy' score. Website score he did is kickn!
#Dope concerts hitting Indy this summer...Janet Jackson at Indy State Fair
Good. They put the Bucks on a channel that won't interrupt important sports.
I just prayed for the first time in a couple weeks, feel relieved.
was one of them Grave of the Fireflies?
*squeals* #AdamOnIdol Go Adam!
O'Hare, how I love thee. The way you hold on to me just a little too long each time I pass through. Your coyly concealed power outlets.
#FF isn't over in my time zone - here's a few of my favs
I can confirm this.
Damn! I want all the women to win.
Is it just me or do any of you get random people following you with naughty contents?
Need to go get my dress altered asap
no school on my bday
students from Marlowe Middle School in Illinois visiting the Conservatory today for a performance from members of our Voice Faculty!
Hey Anne! Ever run by us on Ridge Ave?! Stop on in soon for some Best of BBQ!
After no sleep in scottsdale this weekend had to get 12 hours of it back in ABQ. Now its time to get to work on the current and new work.
"That falcon must have slipped something into his drink."
Definitely trying to get out of work early to go see the #Lemieux statue. Only kid on Liberty with his jersey on.
Very helpful conversation today. Thank you. if you haven't spoken to a rep, give them a call. 800.663.1662
Just passed the national certification exam for Massage Therapy and Bodywork.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 5
No #AC till Saturday!...maybe he says!!!...guess I'm living at the library till then...
ENOUGH with the "Keep Calm & Carry On" knockoffs. Today I saw "Keep Calm & Be Vintage" HUH? Almost as bad as "Got ___?"
“A goal without a plan is just a wish.” - Larry Elders
Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?
its only like a mile and a half from the venue! thats only if everyone is playing..hopefully i should be ok
Thanks Glen Boudreaux for invite to Duxiana Holiday Party tonight! Great time meeting new friends.
pneumonia couldn't have kept me away!
Maya Angelo “ People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I wanna hangout with my best friend tonight.
Hey #Followers ~ let's have some fun . . . what's your favorite thing to do?
Hanging with the bestie...no partying this weekend...laptop & sweats #leggoohh!
heard the word "marinate" used in a way today that is no bueno. #awfulwaffles #maguro #whatWorldDoiLiveIn?
haha Congrats to ! Be the fearless leader!
Leap day should be a holiday. Mostly because I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
No set backs, im out with the old in with new!!!
In a super secret unmarked balloon warehouse, getting ready for at w
----------> needs 2 PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO
haa ones not good enough for ya shadow? lol JK :P and BEST PENGUIN STANS FOREVER bpsf <33
What is the best burger joint in the WORLD?
RT - Oh you have a Cleveland Indians snake skin rare snap back? Oh were fuckin tonight
#regret wsi classes at this point
Happy Birthday 
happy mothers day (:
IN Quotes: "The body knows what you need before the head does."
May is Cancer Research Month. We salute the scientists who are looking for a cure for the disease that touches many of our lives!
RT : could you arrange with to make this ppt available on blackboard for us #mc220? Will do.
will they be restocked?
lucky bitch. i wanted to go to that but shit's fucked up. :P
And thanks for the RT!
: Not mine per se, but… you can add a trigger to set the update to happen at regular intervals… Can I email you a bit later?
WOO What you call 8:00, we call home. Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
getting swill tonight. Next season starts now
my damn clock played a dirty trick on me this morning and i got to school an hour early!
You can have a productive day if you had the right coffee.
Do not want this wonderful weekend to end! Tantrum throwing, commence.
When Yu Have Five Or More Different Colors Of The Same Retro 4s
I think since Williams has past history Goodell has to suspend him more than one year. Agree?
Everyone have a safe st pattys night
dont wanna go to school!
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
2012 Shooting Guard Akeem Springs will play for Northern Illinois University next year....Congrats!
i really wanted to set up contests with Austin, but i guess it's not going to happen #ohwell sorry guys :/
hate Math :(
we love you!
At 3:30 p.m. Central Time, Mrs. True & 'Abdu'l-Bahá left the Plaza Hotel to drive to Davis's gravesite in south Chicago. #239DaysLive [1/2]
Digging that hair
I feel sick to my stomach thinking about those poor people in Japan...I'm praying for you Japan
haha but we have swag and i think our future husbands would agree. bahaha.
just followed ;)
I've been busy! RT : It's just amazing how a guy can be utterly dominating on every level and then just suddenly lose it.
Opera dinner tonight on stage! Loving it! I will be surrounded by the set of Barber of Seville and serenaded by an opera singer:)
Ghetto translation: "So you Mad?" = "It amuses me that your angered by what just occurred when it didn't seem like a big deal to me
I went to the bathroom and like a heard of elephants came in making lots of noise
Oh man... Kevin McHale is so awkward sometimes. hahah
RT : Today I stood in a slave pen with shackles driven into the walls in a bldg I've driven past with a tragic history I never knew.
For New Years, no CX bikes at the dirt crits. But summer series - if there's enough interest we're planning a CX bike race.
if you bcc someone, it should be impossible for that person to then reply all to the entire group no matter how hard they try ()
OH from our IA: "Not sure what planet I landed on when I started here. Actually getting to focus on one project."
I really wanted to go but I have school tmm and I didn't have a ride! Next time you guys go please include me I want to go
e-mail on it's way! Thanks.
Walking into UCB without having to pay is literally the coolest thing I've done in New York. And Baz Luhrmann once came to my house, so...
where did you get the SEC shirt? I need one
his eyes just looked so BEAUTIFUL
estimated time servers will be up??
haha fuck you! I know ;p but idgaf I wanted to drink and it was all that was available :)
At the UW Madison terrace. I forgot how friendly college students are. Making quick friends with those around me.
Can't wait to go pick up my copy of Mass Effect 3 after work.
WE ALL FEEL GOOD NOW. get it? knee-slapper. lol, im not even in columbus, ohio. but i thought i'd share a good joke with ya.
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach' - Voice & Data Online
Today is my birthday,if you guys see this,hopefully.. Can any of you please wish me a good birthdaay? (: Thank you<3
If there was one thing I should know about you, what would it be?
RT So is this BLUE water shooting out the fountain on the KC plaza dedicated to us (Sporting KC) or the Royals???? (Royals who?)
comes to mind too.
drunk-driving) if they have eaten someone who was drunk?
Philly Eagles? No thanks lol
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of near #americanu (supposed to be at Mass and Nebraska). Yum!
When you say feminine traits, does that include feminine activities like hanging with the girls and jumping rope with them?
Good times
#NP a #Headbangers Double header; Linkin Park: Given Up & Avenged Sevenfold: Nightnare.
No don't do that!! LOL.
Im extremely hungry too..haha
Let's all pray that Ben & Jerry's stays out of the #FishFry game... Go get your free cone today though!
Can I just Grants Pass OR is amazing. U sing like a choir. U pray like Moravians. Thx for all ur work. Stay thirsty my friends
Famine, the new size 000
were can u get. The I swam with mcafee shirts. The would b the shirt I wore to every party. Follow me
I just moved to Birmingham last year. Lived in Atlanta for 30 years. Live in Birmingham now and I'm 48 years old. Yep.
Kentucky better hold this lead! #Leggo Wildcats!(:
...sell one, and with the dole, buy hyacinth. Feed thy soul.
Shot at Toro with for a video series. Jamie will be featured in October. Thanks for the hospitality Chef!
Those are the BEST! Nearly impossible to resist.
RT : If You Want Your Music In 24/7 Radio Rotation Follow
I got you that job app!
Fall down seven times, Get up eight.
Lakers still the greatest of all time ! Js
you noticed it to
no problem!
they could have the police go check up on her.
Jimmy Fallon Debuts &#39;Blow Your Pants Off&#39; Album Cover
let me tell you about my grandpa a. faal....
PBS referred to your people as "fiber enthusiasts." Is that acceptable? Sounded a little unseemly to me.
Do you hear the accompaniment in the upper winds? Remember it from the first mvmt?
ha! there's still a lot for them kids to learn
I look good... #Anchorman is on.
Saw that Twilight movie. I learned that Jacob can only leave a room if someone shouts "Jacob, don't!"
Love you girl. J and I will be skyping you soon. Be ready! Xoxo.
Montee Ball is at brickhouse right now...shouldn't he be at the KK?
... been watching the ESPN coverage of concussion related brain trauma injuries and their effect on football players.
Were glad you like it. Leave the bubble untouched and it will dry out with no issues. It should be clear in 24 - 48 hours
Did Jones really get a tooth knocked out from the helmet to helmet?
Goodmorning everyone!!! Hope everybody had a great friday!! Now its time for a great saturday!!! ^_~
haven't gone a day with listening to at least one song by you guys
would be easy if the game was 20 second long...but it's 60 minutes...same question could be asked of Lee Evans, I suppose.
What is the source of this story, please. Thanks
Lose your dreams and you could lose your mind. #Lifelesson"
After six innings, Trinity leads St. Xavier 3-0 at Slugger Field. Last chance coming up for Tigers in top of the 7th and final inning.
Is Tuesday the new Monday?
4 more workdays until the
I love twitter
Still looking for #recommendations for
Happy #FF to some more new followers
#pssst everyone #turnon your phone and try out ☺
Guess who turns 39 in a week? Hint... It's VERY classical... & it's VERY Pittsburgh!
my phone must be broken since no one is texting me back today
Great sound bites at World Business Forum in NYC; GEs Conaty Performance Culture = Rigor, Rhythm and Consistency
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. it is the transition which is troublesome.
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills." I'm also seeing lots of people raise their sails leave.
I AM SHIFTING into my NEW Reality! Support System; International Speakers: Gerry, Paul, JG, Publicist:J. Price, Marketing Manager: S.Simmons
I love how easy it is for you to lie to my face.. It's not like it surprises me though. You do it all the time.
u so sexy i love it lol
I wanna see my baby today but he's retarded .
like when Ray J went to negotiate with Kim Jong Ill a few days before he passed
That's nuts.
I want a guy who will come up behind me & wrap his arms around my waist. Just to surprise me & whisper in my ear " Baby, I love you."
LOLOL Rodney! We tryna change our lives!
great story! Older than dirt?
And I wasn't attending, I was trying to bike home from work.
Going to my first game tomorrow! Fulfilling another right of passage for me living in Seattle. I'm excited.
Ole willy wonka Drambuie ass wanna be's.." u aint gotta lie to kick it"..lol
The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you have to do anything.
if this girl dnt come in the house..we gon lock her out!!!
If the Knicks make it to Game 5, I expect the injury report to read DAVIS, BARON: Out (knee explosion)
One wrong turn trying to exit the Herald Square train station and I'm wandering around JCPenney for an hour.
Is Facebook down?
to the rats fuck you you know who u r
Blowing up phones ;)
Automation Alley Fall new member networking meeting tonight. Always great opportunities at these events!
thank you! but you seem like a sweetheart yourself, just being happy seeing others happy!
ahahahahahhahaha... oh wow. people are
bro i cant talkntonight. i would text but dammit my phone
Album cover/promo photoshoot. We stay
Love the new season of Dexter.
Congratulations to Art and Art History Prof. Evan Reed, who has been awarded a prestigious Franz and Virginia Bader Grant!
Someone dumped a... ahem... Personal entertainment device In my yard. Ick, & umm how? And umm why? & umm ick. Surreal to say the least
Not taking a dig at you this time. Referring back to a yesterday tweet about teachers thinking we play favorites.
Did Carla just retweet that? She is DEFFF not funny c;
- My " Ex Bestfriennd " Said Relationships Are Not For Me , Be He Dont Know Shit Cause He Still Got Hoe Problems .
Sleep sweet.
RT : "Diving into Riak for a few days. This is looking awesome so far." <- Go Josh, go!
Disappearing? When I Google Shaima Alawadi I get 460,000 results. When there is news there will be more stories.
It wouldn't be the Women's Open without an evacuation. We're in a suspension of play.
We are creating our facebook page right now. Coming soon!
Twitter Interview with & is starting now.. follow #TRRPA to see whats going on!
Smh she trynna get tough already,
I don't get this soccer thing. When are the TV timeouts?
lol I love doing that ! But then I take a shower so it was just a waist of my time 
What's up everybody!!
So incredibly envious! What a group!
thanks amigo!
Havin a really bad sunburn and takin a hot shower
It is so awesome to direct college theatre students!
Photo printing is a technique that helps us preserve and cherish our beautiful memories.
We just received SO many accessories from Top it Off! Cute, preppy totes, flipflops and keychains. It's gonna take me forever but check back
I can't help myself Imma pusher.
Hi me and my partner over here would like to get suited for matching tuxes
Follow my friend !!! Do it!!
Our office will close at 1 p.m. today and re-open Monday morning. Here's wishing you a joyous Thanksgiving!
"There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last."
RT When claims government doesn't create jobs, odd he forgets it's created every job he's ever had.
Excited about these new tracks from Usher's album that my favs are working on!
totally thought of Titanic with your last hashtag
A black some vodka and home is how I'm ending my night
Keep up the intensity Coyotes!!
Now that Adele is in love she better still be able to write a good album and not be like 2 different artists. ( a la Mary J Blige)
getting stood up is totally embarrassing.
Clippers vs Grizzlies.... Hopefully this series ends tonight.
got this new keyboard skin for like 3 dollars on ebay!! man its SICK! (:
Up again with the sun, off to a campaign breakfast. No, I'm not sipping fresh squeezed orange juice & reading the Ft Myers New-Press.
true. The Internet is gospel. ;)
just posted video of the march with all sharpton you can see me in the front at about the 30 second mark
Download Game Center on your phone! You can listen to the games while running.
I swear I'm such a good friend
I think and I are long lost sisters.
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks ... - Hollywood Reporter
Party on Friday ! To ready ! Ayee, ! #TWERKsum !
New Follower <3
Ridiculous how mobwives gets to me sometimes
suffice it to say i put that in the rear view mirror instanter.
you were superb in Unreal estate Agents! Missed yout at the screening, and class!
If your friends broke your not too far away
an early special #FF to the old pals , check them out you won't be dissapointed.
Hm....which winery to visit today?
Financial Tip Friday: Here is a priceless article with tax tips for the freelancers and self-employed. Be sure to know how to maximize...
In Wells' Time Machine, the palace of Green Porcelain contains a ruined library. Borges' Library of Babel is arguably sci-fi.
Fuck. Less than an hour of sleep. Fucking great. Thanks. Ouuu so mad...
Great session of #eci831 - thanks Alec. Will check out the student blogs.
Facebook gets soo old.
I sware, if it's not one thing it's another.
Nashville Crew Goes Behind The Scenes With ABC’s “The Bachelorette”
Miss you too
Hot guys follow me! 😉
Check out Antengo! We make it ridiculously easy to connect and sell with buyers in your area!
I am glad I finished my basement, so I can store everything from my baby shower.
Working with Apple's new Motion ... it's pretty slick and almost idiot-proof. Almost.
paving my brain with this steamroller and catchin z's
So #Sarkozy is no longer the president of France?
Someonee Wanna text Me ?(:
Did anyone else notice how segregated the #hungergames dystopia still was? The only non-white people seem to live in District 11.
Chicago is BURSTING at the seams with cool shit to do. But since I'm new to the city, I need to find some cool people that do cool shit.
Nah! You just concentrate on my pretty face and it will al be oooookayyyy !!!!
Ah, the sweep, sweep stench of a winning streak. Keep it up #SFGiants www.WeBeGreater.com
Crap. My secret place that had a good amount of Hopslam has finally run out (thanks to me). So long, friend. See you next year
Sr. Year basketball coming up....gotta make it to state one more time.
A place for everything and everything in its place. ~ Anon
Enjoyed visiting MUSE publisher colleagues at booth here at #AAS2012. It's great to see our publishers from outside North America!
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains And we never even know we have the key. "Author Unknown"
Someone starves to death every 3.6 seconds, 75% of those are kids under the age of 5. JOIN THE FIGHT!
RT : The verdict comes from those with nothing else to do, the jury's out, but my choice is you. -Taylor Swift
I'm waiting for James Dyson to claim he's reinvented the shop vac by simply selling a black hole generator.
Gulf Shores bound. Can't believe my cousin is finally gettin hitched...poor guy ha
At Helix bar Palazzo with ODs on FB, cool group. Just met
everyone looked great at pictures today! REMEMBER: if you are on the stop list you have till 5 pm tomorrow to get it cleared. GET IT DONE!
YAY, purple's my favorite color!
i got my own money tew get my toes&eyebrows dun for prom yay me
If you know how to make memorable art, you know how to engage your tribes & clients. /QqP8Ld
YOUR UGLY YOUR UGLY YOUR UGLY & YOUR SO UGLY : ) oh well
Thank you president for noting desire to include Reynolda House fine art in campaign.
Told you, Its such a good movie!
I make my debut, Saturday March 26! That's where it all started for me...how cool.
Love is better in person, but made stronger with distance.
oh well then there you go ;) online never worked for me either I'd rather do the leg work haha
12 in a row!
"Living and dying is not the big issue. The big issue is what you're going to do with your time while you are here." - Bill T. Jones
lol, I know. I'm tryna take the whole day off to make it to both
West Dundee enters ‘economic diet’ mode on expenses WEST DUNDEE — The unexpected closing of the West Dundee Best Buy has v
“: I should be credentialed” as should i and we can sit at PressConf and do shots while mocking stupid questions
Jason aldean looks like ludacris's gay meth dealer. Go listen to johnny cash live at san quentin prison and be amazed by real country music.
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
http:// via R.I.P. CHRISTOPHER WALLACE, AKA THE NOTORIOUS B.I.G.!!!!!
museum staffers casually chatting about WHY social media belongs in exhibits
Getting my grub on at "La Ponderosa"! Woo! Yummy! My tummy is gonna be HA-PPY! XD
A mistake is just a mis-take... Take another shot! Learn from it and keep pushing toward the goal !!
preparing to leave for #icsf in the morning. one more late night for the team.
We don't have a horse in this race, but opening nights are always fun! RT Your #WhiteSox are home!
This guy right here landed a job! Giggity!
deanthony thomas is stupid fast
Sitting on an empty beach & a crazy family sets up 5 feet away
RT Who are your go-to tweeters for museum news? wants to know!
": Stay Strong Like Demi and put your finger down your throat until your dinner comes up :)" You are so fucking PATHETIC.
Just read book 'how to win in the sports of business' and gave me a lot of inspiration! Love the make it from nothing and hard story
Happy Mothers day to My mom! and all #yankees fan moms, #nygiants fans moms, #Syracuse fans moms, #nyranger fans mom, #Knicks fans mom
Don't forget to get signed up for this Saturday's Hawaiian Tea Party! This may be your only chance to taste rare teas from Hawaii in #Omaha!
Whether you're #TeamClimateChange or not, save some time and go outside while the weather lasts
Happy birthday hope u hav a gr8 birthday
Peloff (making Stuller's argument): The female hero's journey is a collaborative, communal, adapative journey.
aww that sounds like fun!! I've been chillin done with the semester n back home now n yeah def! Hit me up sometime!
Plus the Reagan administration helped set up the funding networks that led to Al Qaeda. Not mentioned too often today.
Think before you speak.
She said Chillin In the Cut Like A Band-Aid -__- , Ctfu Boosie !
Just tapped Lost Abbey Deliverance
Woo! Sub in history
I hope its ok, I mailed it 2...Zarin Fabrics.......
En route to Detroit. Trying to make it out of Ohio before nightfall. This is bat country.
Hey Juan! Message says your site is down temporarily
RT : Don't let math push you away from science. You can get math along the way. (EO Wilson being quoted) YES!
#JoePa looks about 10 years younger when he isn't wearing glasses. No joke
lol. everyone is tweeting about Justin on the voice. ok. i wanna see it too. :3
Remind me never to sit in the first car of the Acella. Feels like I am on the worst roller coaster of all time! Come on
my hurricane tweet yesterday >>>>>>
Whoa wind.. the pollen count is peaking at 11.8 today! So prepare yourself for the wind and swirling pollen.. subtle decline tomorrow.
Just now watching the Teen Mom episode from January 3rd. THIS IS NOT OK. I need more computer and TV time.
Watching Eclipse. I'd forgotten how hot Jasper is and how horrible Kristen Stewart is at acting
Put Ah Condom In Your Ear And Fuck What You Heardd ♥☂☁
which Rao sauce?
RT : Thanks! MT : Great interview with iPod inventor Tony Fadell - Great #entrepreneur success story...
Thanks to everyone that voted Vision Optique Best Optometrist in the Best of Houston 2011!
Of course not. I'm a temp, not en employee.
#takemeout side to shoot around and play basketball with me :)
Long May You Live!
Sadly, you are missing out. :(
~Good morning everybody! Time to get up n at 'er!! Be the best u can be today!
No matter how big your dream may be, GO FOR IT. Don't let anyone or anything get in your path!
thanks for the MT Peter. Weren't we trying to connect with ?
via : Placed about 14 chairs on brick(?) area on our SIM.
Calling someone fat or too skinny or anything far from nice.. yeah your not hard. Your just a judgmental fuck who made someone insecure.
Another great performance by the legendary orator and debater.
do you also go to USD? Did you win that tennis match a few days back?
Who else is more excited for Believe tour?! :D
It is noteworthy that most of the great people of the Bible were busy when divine necessity laid hold of them. - J. T. Pugh
love and miss u girl. Thank u. Texas misses you. MCMEOW!
It's a new level of awkward when your mom asks if you've read 50 Shades of Grey with that far off look in her eye...
They�ll say the old rules are still in play
Wisco sports 2-0 for weekend thus far. Pack will make it 3-0 no doubt. Great performance Badgers
You know it brother! I can fight the good fight because of all the useful info from you
Two stops...
we talk. we flirt. we joke with each other. and were not dating why...?
(vice pleads the 5th of *vodka")
AU student suggests another Huntsman run in 2016
I hope it's more useful for you than it has been for me. Nothing very drupal-specific here...
sending your best friend tweets because you can't put them on here >>>>
I've thought about someday moving to #NYC but imagine myself pulling an Elaine Benes at Yankee Stadium.
My thing is if I'm with a nigga I'm faithful to the dude til the end. period!
I hate users.
As in academia, Maya scholars even form groups of researchers who take sides according to which particular meaning is chosen for a glyph.
Going to followback some ppl :)
Thank you Encinitas!
I tried! But I was beyond the wifi range! Sorry #artsummit12 They recorded, so it should go up somewhere...
donk. RT : color me peach and black. color me taken aback.
LOL RT Who gets custody of Willow's hair?
hopefully peyton didn't hurt his neck while he was kissing elway's ass today during that press conference. jeez, you two, GET A ROOM!
can't wait to see you there!
Yesterday, we installed an alarm for someone's daughter, attending the UofA. We installed it, as if it were our own daughter's alarm.
Today is the day. I'm putting a few of my precious shoes up for sale. I hope that people buy them, but mostly I hope that they love them.
Some people at my school need to learn how to sit down and shut up
You think this is about you? hah
You raise some important issues. Now more than ever preservation is something the industry needs to take more seriously.
looking for leaders connected to Australia. A project that I am working on will be there soon! pvt msg me.
Hello new followers!
Thank you Jen...I appreciate it.
I love seeing clients like Peter Twohy out and about.
I felt ma bed shake, and nobody was in ma room!? WTF
what a wonderful and nerdy day at smithsonian museums. i really miss living here. even if it was just a month or so.
lma obv i was being sarcastic
Haha - I'll suggest it next time there's a foiled underpants bomb plot.
I love to see ass holes get screwed over. How you like me now punk.
Thanks 4 a wonderful time! Great premiere of our little short, great networking 4 Saw some great flicks
The live stream wasn't working, I'm watching it on a delay now...no skips. Thanks for reaching out.
2011 Resolution: an improved culturenow.org homepage. We'll let you know when we launch it!
“: He messes with Sasquatch. And gets away with it.” Is that true ?
Sad...the ties that bind can sometimes strangle your spirit.
enjoying the random suggestions of "People You May Know" today on LinkedIn. Robin Hood, Activist/Chief Fundraiser @ Nottingham is particula…
hey think you could sign up on dccodeathon.eventbrite.com ? i need more librarians... purty please! you can play act!
Getting busy at the new gig. Off to Fredricton, New Brunswick Canada next week.
RT : It is impossible not to believe what you see, but it is equally impossible to see what you do not believe. T-11.VI.1:1
My feet hurt I met some cool ass people today tho, I need to learn not to blush. Haha
What a GREAT story!!
Alcohol in mouthwash dries oral tissues. Dry tissues create more sulfur compounds. Sulfur compounds enable infection & create bad breath.
Loved watching you guys arrive in #Lex & get off the bus at #Rupp. You're all going to be missed. Thanks for the ride.
Hidden camera: FBI seizes - and then returns - anonymizing email server [VIDEO] - Naked Security
Ian Desmond said during wknd series Phillies were up for the gms and played harder than they usu do against the #Nats, he says thats big
Good pace so far from the Thunder. Keep it up.
Betancourt and McGehee are pathetic with the bat.
I dont really interact on Twitter lately so Im surprised that I still have followers. Lol.
VeroKNEEcun, NAOMI, Steve called 2 have YISD cancel that YARBROUGH BRIDGE meeting but I have tht Aaron BarRAZA on my tail & couldn't call 2
How are you sir? Hope things are good. Say hi the next time you are in Austin!
DO IT!! RT : In the mood to workout
IS A JOKE no consistency with anything like I said earlier you can get away with murder if you are a big name player
Hello!How are you?:)
I feel like ass ass ass ass ass ass ass....
This nigga almost deleted the beat lol
With my By Sunlight dudes and hitting the road today, I'm going to have to catch up on a few episodes of the OC.
Lee Ann Womack quotes “I thought it would be nice if I got one or two. Everything after that was just icing on the cake.”
can't wait to see my loves & in 3rd period (:
Great to meet you too MT : Loved discussion abt digital pedagogy, scholarship, & future of humanities w/ &
Dinner with the Athens family. Happy.
it was a treat to get to see you and the entire GTG Team this weekend.
What is the #worst time that your #car has broken down? Middle of nowhere, side of the highway? How did you fix it?
Make love not war, my man is happy... what a hippie thong 2 say...
About to cuddle with all 6 of my big pillows,,,
MT We've monitored Sat.'s forecast: high risk of thunderstorms. We postponed #DITC to May 13. See you then!
Latin Gold Thursdays tonight at The QBar with &
Which is more conducive to personal growth? The right question or the right answer?
call me
The beings had no dents, grooves or anything, they were smooth all around.
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see.
Get the burger... it's AMAZING!
sounds great!
RT : Q1. How do little things like enough sleep or ups/downs at work affect your capacity to learn & change behavior?
Who's watching the WWE Royal Rumble Tonight? :-)
Gotta make moves
I just got home sorry
well I have a snow day today so I will! :)
Peoples should follow !
OMG OMG OMG if I win the get One Direction to party all night with you im inviting and !!
lol welcome aboard!
Then had to wake up teenage daughters at 4 am to take me to airport. That was fun...
Omg we did ATVing at pismo beach, hella fun! You must eat at splash cafe, its so bomb!
Word son
gone night running williamsburg bridge for big thinking
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Funny,I have 2 male co workers that I told the same thing!They busted my chops!Now who's laughing?Pats sore losers.
Brought my mom to the #HEAT game for an early mothers day present
Happy Easter for those who celebrate and Happy day to those who have been given the opportunity to have another day of this good life.
2 yo went to daycare in underoo's today! (also with 2 changes of clothes) - God Speed Little One!
All I wanna do is tell you how I feel. that you would listen and all this time I wasn't mislead. That you would catch me as I fall.
calm down you bottle stabber your dad might have 2 arrest u for assault
New rule: you have to go to all games!!
Chiana:Yes, I'm still here but my tweeter is tuckered out!
I am so, so, so tired. Miss my wife.
Studying lines for tonight's rehearsal for this weekend's movie shoot. Love love love when we have the luxury of rehearsal! Don't you?
Your wish is your command. If you had 3 wishes in life, what will they be?
Needs some new friends
on oovoo with emily and alex♥
#HappyMothersDay to my mother, the very best!!! love you mommy!!
That shouldve been me
Mud Hens player is like Bull Durham.
casual, organized with lunch in mind, and will potentially keep 1-2 rooms for conversations/hacking deriving from courses. [+]
Hearing about Google+ and +1s but hasn't addressed user adoption. If target audience isn't there, success is limited.
where are you?
Thanks for a great today!
Nice to see you at Julie's show last night....sure can't wait to hear her back on the radio!
lol I think u gave it to me on my birthday when we were like 5
hang in there man.
have you tried it with cold pressed dark chocolate?
Power's out again, down Sellwood-way. Wind-related, I assume. Our office needs a diesel generator, it would seem.
There's a lot of apologizing in softball. Ladies, we need to stop it.
Uhh Justin Bieber Gonna perform on grammy award SUCkS!-__-
Bout to hit turbulence at the banquet
convoluted attempt to imply eating unprocessed foods will make your kids capable of high-level reasoning?
I took a nap and missed dinner omg I'm so upset right now. this is child abuse
NBC yet to show hit. Suspension worthy?
They'll make it the right time! <3
My friends & started a wedding Twitter account. Officially the cutest thing ever. So excited for them!
LMFAOOO!!! My momma just said Terrell mustache look like DIRT! Bahaaa
Story of my life RT: I won't text back. I won't text back. I won't text back. I won't text back... "Nothing much, you?" Fuck.
A big fan!!
thanks so much for featuring us!
Are you playing 8 mile on Easter because Eminem's character's name is "Rabbit"? How festive.
Say what you mean, and mean what you say.
RT: : #MittRomney still losing Michigan - this guy cldnt be less popular in 'heartland' if he strangled Dolly Parton and came ...
I don't belong here I dnt belong anywhere
how much ? I'm a broke beezy
so I finally watched Doctor Who.. don't worry, you're not missing much. it's retarded.
Too bad we don't have that here. “ did you know in Australia, Belgium, & it is compulsory to vote! If you don't you can be fined!
tweeps! what's the plan for the weekend?
Gary Coleman's comeback would've happened right about now.
dumb bitch
let's go! When and where haha
Hanging with sadie tomorrow...I miss that girl even thou I see her everyday and school :)
And they go down in a whimper again...
I'm in the business of illusions.
You can always trust me to be me!!
It's a great night for Wisconsin football! Here's to many more! Cheers!
happy bday to one the greatest!!
Subway cold cut and some hot as gripos
John Lennon would have been proud. His hopes for peace and revolution realized.
NEWS: Psychic medium will be here in San Diego on 4/4 for his own event. Psychics can be a great resource for para investigators
In my head
To describe this seasons collection at TOPMAN AW2012 I would say hip 60's take on Russian military
Bronchitis. Awesome.
like my bio? ;)
Are you an interaction designer with visual design skills? Open to new opps? Please reply with a portfolio link.
We're so excited to be on board to help promote the best #stpattysdayparty in #MKE!
hi. Can't wait to see you tonight. Xo
Pretty little liars. <3
is this rap?
I'm missing my phone right about now...
I can forgive but it's just so hard to forget
God bless you, Theresa! We radiate with pride whenever we receive a compliment.
Uh oh.... I may have just been DUPE-ond. Which is of course when you get a shitty Groupon.
What's with all the police cars in Santa Fe right now.
I'm finding that QR codes are about as useful as a pimple on a design. It gets attention now, but that'll dry up in time.
Omfg i hate bugs!!! Ewwww. Im gonna cry!!
and I was like plus, you got invited to this party last week? I've had these tickets for months and they were a fortune so shh
Lunch time in school
Nap time :) ... Working extra hard I need to go back home #DominicanRep #Santiago #cibao for at least 2 weeks before summer time ends
It looked like Sveum was giving his 4-year-old son a lecture when he got mad at Campana for not knowing the goddamn signs.
They are saying I have to pay to upgrade my device. BS. BS. BS. It was FINE until you pushed the update.
I live a double life.
Ready for the Weekend Sales event!
However, it's worth wondering since his camp. manager is an oppo guy - is that what his campaign will be?
"Live doesn't matter I still like their album" excuse me last time I checked if they're shitty live they're shitty all together.
let's go to the circus...and cirque du soleil!!!
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1968 the 58th and final episode of "The Monkees" TV show was aired. -
U were definately right! RT 2010 twitter prediction that said this year all about drake next year gona be about wiz kalifa?
Today 1936: Hottest temperature recorded in Wisconsin: 114 degrees in the Wisconsin Dells.
Hey Follow Me Here Hey Follow Me Here Hey Follow Me Here
RT ": Always do what you are afraid to do. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
I just threw up in my mouth a little
6 more days till my birthday
Monday Night Football...Like or DisLike???
Nope, I think I'm getting a cold though
I'm addicted to heirloom tomatoes.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Gifts for all! We have giftcards! And, we will be open December 24 for all the late shoppers!!
nun much chillin bored listening to music
Any chance you guys could share your Tempeh Shepherd's Pie recipe in honor of St. Paddy's Day? #prettyplease?
Happy mothers day to my baby mommas
Major thinking to do..
We'll announce the new airline in one hour!
haha seriously do it!
Me too, Kate. Me too.
Miss America 2012 go NC
Which constitution will Egyptian government go with?
you have very good sources!
Woke up a little high, definitely anxious. I'm not looking for sympathy, I'm just annoyed.
dont give a crap if its saturday....killllin my legs at the gym today ;)
With 57% of wards reporting, Walker has a 27,654-vote lead over all the Dem candidates and Kohl-Riggs combined.
Commercial auditioning comes down to the right amount of finesse for that actor. I've coached actors to 100's of commercials. Find mojo.
Do y'all think I am fake?
Followers, my tweets will be sporadic the next 2 weeks. When they are posted, they'll be comments on the real austerity protests in Spain.
it gonna be in july..I'll let you guys know :-) we're having a girl!!
FEMALE MODELS: If you can use some FREE PROMOTION for urself as a model to let ppl know about ur work, holla bk.. SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY...
Everytime I dig into a fan,they only can throw shit bout kim!Y can't you defend nicki with how good she is or impact she makes?
Wouldn't *increasing* their availability make more people recycle?
Can't tell you how much I appreciate that you're always there and one of my biggest supporters! <3 & Miss you!
RT im da type 2 say a prayer and go get what i just prayed for!
Seriously, Emerson's got nothing on them as for as interpretation of this piece goes. So snappy and articulate and
Meet the mighty Mojave Desert Up to $150 off deal on now!
Yes Madison has gone R of R for a while now! $ from the R pays th way
Greateful Dead Acid Test 1966. Yes, please......
More: brown chicken brown cow
going to netherworld tonight
It's like I'm talking to children.
follow back xo
Good work and drive safe!
TOTALLY worth the wait! Good to virtually see you man!!!
Anybody have 4 tickets to The Master's this week. I'll swap for 250 of theCRICKETtoy :) Please RT
Alrighty Twitter people's. Time to get married in less than 2 hours. Been in deep thought all day, but I'm ready. Let's go!!!!!
i got thinking and i just released i would die to have a mom as cool as you :)
Dear junk food, So yeah where do I start how bout this, I Need You Now ! Please come back! Those veggies meant nothing to me! Honest! -Me(:
Mistake 1: lit 40 candles with his pants unzipped.
has a nice lounge at #sxsw. 4th floor of the Hilton.
That sounds fabulous!
Kepler Lucas :I <3 Animal Planet.
You sat Selena is a fame-whore? She got only hate from dating Jus, no fame. So what're you talking about?
RT GOP believe $$ can win their elections -that they will complete corporate control of US in Nov. #Vote them wrong!
That's the spirit!
thanks for the recommendations!! been wanting to try PS7...
i got homework i havent started yet smh i dnt think imma do it
I stand tall wit da fuccin world on my shoulders... I might stumbl, but I don't fall! No nigga or no chicc has evr been my crutch!
IDL6543 Faculty Showcase students describe varied experiences taking online courses. Nice addition to hear from students
Workin my butt off to save everyone 10 bucks lol
Tonight's pint night is shiner wild hare.... Followed by trivia at 7!
#accordingtoasource is very sensitive
So what did you guys think!?!
Working at the office this late is creepy.
Sending video messages back and forth with Morgan because texting is overrated
Good to hear! RT : Yo the bonavita brewer is great. Crazy to think "make a pot of coffee" has entered my lexicon again.
Did you unfriend him?
Will do! Are there lyrics and a bouncing ball to follow along?
just got complimented for being able to dance in stilettos
my humor is like Franks... You can put that shit on everything!
BREAKING NEWS MICHELLE RHEE RESIGNED! GRAY WILL NOT CONTINUE THE EDUCATION REFORM THAT HELPED DC GET 75 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING!
You're not the first west-coaster to lament no opportunity to see ! Should be a great show.
people, they come and the go, just as easy as breathing. u aint nobody but a person to me, and i aint wasting no more air on.
2 great shows tonight! The Dangerous Summer/Weatherbox/Ten Second Epic @ The Loft and Marco Benevento @ Redamte!
We just started #nosework last weekend and it's so much fun - enjoying your posts!
thank you! Lets go Aussie Babyy
no don't touch me!
Took the kids to the Children's Museum of Atlanta. Warms my heart seeing how children, no more than one time acquaintances, can be so kind.
I need to smoke!
make sure to tweet plenty--I want to hear about that!
That is very true. But now she has a great mother like you. And she has just been given a life she would not have known otherwise.
Baby im not like the rest!
whats going on with the urltv website my dude
That's right! RT : Chef of just stopped by the office told us he takes all his line cooks to In-N-Out to...
Alpha Chi Omega installed Epsilon Eta chapter at on May 6, 1967. Early happy Founders Day !
haha. I wish. I clearly don't excel at tweeting yet. Dude. U r the man!! Miss u bro
Don't forget... May 18th is #HoodieDay - Thanks to the $FB IPO
i dont , they kicked me out.... after my 10 days outdoor , i go to w.r thomas...
Oh, wow! LOL...is the dog THAT bad?
Great! Was just thinking to do that as well. Will connect with you right away!
Someone tell me what this 50 shades of gray bs is
don't get butthurt cause you got a small dick !
I am well. Tired.
Lmao everybody mad
Stay in, away from the snow and ice! NO REHEARSAL Tuesday, February 1.
Welcome Jack!!
After watching the unveiling of the #WiiU, I'm intrigued but still maintaining my skepticism. In any case can't wait to see games for it.
Pretty likely, yeah. Filming is big biz here. But arcade at Redondo pier is big and open-sided. May be able to grab something.
What day are you thinking off?
has invader zim, I have adventure time. I can just watch this over and over
RT : Great! We'll see you at 2012 too then! Can't wait!
Bitches who sit & gossip aggravaye me
This wasnt the end its the start of a new chapter Your dreams will come true hopefully soon! id buy your music, much love💋
Thanks, just emailed you.
Anyone else in Milwaukee (who is stuck inside working) wishing they could just move their desk outside?
new follower! :)
Please take a second and check out my video Meet JO-WAYNE!! It's our way of introducing myself to the World!!! If you like it Please Share!!
Really? "#Bruins defense is like Tim Thomas at the White House, nowhere to be seen." Wow, is this what it's come to?
Hope everybody's spring break is going great! Next week we will be starting our week long raffle and silent auction, more info to come
3 days until new site launches.....
Yo who wanna hit me up though?
Are these tweets from old people in Miami?
National solution in the form of strengthening #CAPTA requirements warranted. #ChildAbuse #State Secrecy
Beginner Yoga with Laura 6pm tonight. Great for new or seasoned yogis to practice asanas (postures) & breathing techniques
Yay! Congrats! See you soon, love!
Better than Things? was just thinking of downloading that, but if Omnifocus is better I will look into it!
#dragrace is this for real?! has to win! Squid fingers, c'mon!!
Just crazy! If losing weight and toning were THAT easy, I'd be thin and toned too! ha ha
you should do it! You are definitley emerging leader material!
NEW ACOUSTIC SET in WA Where: Mandolin Cafe, Tacoma WA Date: Friday March 16th 7pm-7:45pm $5 at the Door Ill be hanging out after the show
Definitely! Let me know details whenever you have a chance.
Waiting patiently for my iPhone to finish charging. It isn't easy.
I'm coolin wit my youngest
Senator Herb Kohl at the BC tonight for the #bucks and #knicks game
MD Court of Appeals have decided that pitbulls are "inherently dangerous". Next up they will decide certain races are dangerous too.
Gotta get rid off cellulite before the summer....
Steve Blake. Like A Boss.
YOSO - You Only Sleep Once
The NBA is just the worst.
gotta love ms.waldron...
Why is the schedule different ? I wasn't at school today .. I probably missed everything ._.
At the ob/gyn with my lovely wife -- I've never been in a room with so many pregnant ladies before, lol
thanks for the shout out Stephy!
we're trying to do at least one a week now because i know how desperate you are for info about our activities.
not fun...ever hear of the cellhelmet?
Not in the mood to work today, feelingg like poop.
please follow back (: im watching you on younow right now ^.^
Daley maneuvered to expand pension: report
ha! awesome. At least i know my career has a future with the anklebiters.
I always win
we need people to follow on this account. our timeline is dead.
Everyone please tune into Tonight at 9 pm and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary :-)
Surf & Turf Burger, 1/2# prime Angus beef, lobster, fried onion rings, provolone cheese & truffle aioli served on a kaiser roll w/ steak fri
such a fun day :) i love my boyfriend.
watched the oscars last night!!!! ii have to watch albert nobbs, war horse, the muppets, and a whole bunch more!!!!!
Deepest Condolences...
Call Now for a Complimentary Consultation (800) 810-1580!
The are no answers to love, success, or happiness. That is the beauty of it all.. No answers. Just life & adventure.
Sounds like a good 48hrs.
Thanks! Wanted it to represent the #lnyhbt soldier that is weary from long day at work but ready to fight!
FAKE FAKE FAKE! !
What's Love ? In Math its A Problem, In history its A War, In chemistry its A Reaction, In Art its A Heart, In Me its You :)
I was a jock, but I've never understood also why sports takes priority over academics. We've got to fix this!!!!!
' Newsflash: I am special, and I will never be one of you! I have a disease? Bulls**t! I cured it with my brain, with my mind
shud have came. Makenzie is here too :P
nah girl im good! Relient K is just kinda depressing sometimes lol
That game is really Early but could be worth waking up for. Isn't it 5:30 AM? May have to run the DVR on that
Feeling inspired by the new content I'm discovering from all you wonderful folks out there twittering :-) so...thank you!
we're still here, just masked in alternate logos till fall!
I love that started off today's company meeting with a rap that had over 30 dick jokes in it.
you should go to Wisconsin! Lol
Carwash, new bike tire and I'll be ready to roll
EVEN ONE DAY I'll meet you '.
Another hot day today......
Landed in Orlando last night; not working definitely has got advantages. I highly recommend Airtran, first time on an LCC, and it rocks!
Bring me along..Bring me along!! Ohhhwhoaaa take me anywhere with you my girl!! Why can't it be June 15th already I'm in full Pepper mode.
A. Chase Budinger
If one word could sum up the way I am feeling it would be: Karōshi
correction: no one is going to believe the fake ID you made with photoshop 2 and a color printer.
is going to be on #ninelivesofchloeking tonight!!! I'm soo excited!
Still thinking of what to do for celebrity day... any ideas?
Ravens Sunday= Free Sonic Purple Slushes> Just ask> Limit 1, No other discounts>valid today@ 8212 Liberty Rd>Try the new $1.99 toaster melts
I love when mom calls to offer me some of her prescription drugs. once cured a severe cold in a day w aids meds my dr aunt gave here.
Your full of it... I'm done trying to be nice, and dealing with all this BS! I'm not gonna feed in. I'm just gonna kill you with kindness.😊
What is a biology teacher's best tool? What is the one thing you can't teach without?
They truly did deserve it and we can't wait to have them come to San Diego!
brb gunna kill myself
winning!! studio!!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence
My favorite part of Saving Aimee - Kassim!
Get your Grandad Turner(feat. ) yet ? #4 on Billboard (jazz albums). this & other on iTunes
Oh dear. Hope things get better for you soon.
Pacers lose.....again. Wake up pacers organization. I think a change in leadership is needed.
you poor child :(
RT : - Hi there! I sure do have a blog - still trying to find my voice though. Here ya go - housefulofnicholes.blogspot.com
Did any of our followers participate in the Shamrock Shuffle today?
Festival opening night! #MFF2011!
Don't forget Rotton Wisdom. Peep us on Pandora. Thanks peace
I bit my tongue earlier and now i cant stop biting it. uggggghhh it hurts
#BadBasketballPuns She told me she wanted to
won symphony tickets and $100, kicking ass @ the trivia cruise this weekend
what the F?
Suffering from a bad case of 'I don't wannas' this morning but life is kinda smacking me upside the head & saying "Shut up & do it anyway"!
its like 1:52 its lunch but u look like me cuz n big fan true jackson vp is the best tv shoow eva
I found your Load Storm tool site. Awesome tool! How does the licensing work? I'd like to use it for a VMworld lab.
we're so excited to work with you!
Two Words: John Carter.
HAHA yea, where's the tall brunette on the menu !
My ex husband and his brother had been out drinking, and were pulled over at the end of our block. The ex passed the field sobriety tests...
Shes so lucky:)
While you're hopping you may as well rinse off, I suppose.
#ff a shout out to all this friday
Autumn in New York City. Finally.
Daniel Webb needs to stop pooping his swim trunks and farting in enclosed spaces for ALL to smell!
deleted it :-)
Testing: hello facebook
me too! Ps nice article!
Thanks, Dave! It was a small conference (100 ppl) but very worth it.
Your farts smell like vanilla
she was asking me how to sign up lol ": lmao my mother became a Street Teamer on my mailing list lmfaoooo"
Apparently I passed all my classes this semester. 👍😁 guess it won't hurt to do summer school.
haha I really don't know..I must have hurt it during dance
Man Ziss Lens Rock
LOL. Hayleigh tweeted it from my phone at lunch and it won't delete
YEAH for Season 2 of #Suits If I get this job in Chicago it will be the reason why I get cable faster after moving in!!!
what u ridin girl???...u betta behave....
now do the bourne movies.
Nice visit to Allora Vineyards, St Helena, #Napa. Small, family owned/run producer of interesting cuvees. Like Napa used to be.
If I choose you over sleep, you better feel fucking special.
Lots of dads and kids fishing at Wingra Park this morning!
lol I'll make sure to put money on the side to buy you that red electric wheel chair :P
NEW TWITTER !
Haha. Well truth be told, we've been saying nasty things about you for weeks and I thought it was time to tell you.
just saluted a stranger on the street...but why??
I am noticing CNN usually picks things up about a day or so after it hits the Net. Bring back Walter Cronkite!
Wow. I didn't know Jennifer Morrison had it in her to act like that.
your welcome Jann and thank you! :*
RT - July 2nd and the tribe are in 1st place. That's right people Indians. As in Cleveland in 1st place. Where are al...
I'm not the only one. "RT : It's sick how much I love the fact that Withings data can integrate with fitbit, RunKeeper, etc."
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we unfortunately didnt have to provide us with insightful and educational information on IT topics!
Fucking A. Seriously? When is the Chamber of Secrets gonna be open on Pottermore? It's past "early 2012". Just sayin'.
And let the excuses begin!
hey tweeters, do you love the performing arts? Then start following this incredible theatre company based here in DC!
- Thanks Victoria! Hope you're having a great weekend.
Who wants to go see wiz Khalifa wed with me
Thought the macaroni box said sexiest macaroni there is.
It was our pleasure! Can't wait to see the episode. Watch out for those racoons!
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
We would pick the one day of the year that Ft Myers only bridge is closed for the morning.
The rocket summer/switchfoot concert tonight in asheville!
great to see you at the UPAF Kick-Off yesterday, too!
my friend tells me what she likes about me is that i am a positive person. so true but sometimes it's a burden.
oh just wondering how much time difference there was between us!
I think these niggas out here reading lips, salty we the only niggas eating chips
seriously. when can i see you?
we were there-trust...just not by choice
It's terrible.
You really think fan interest will return if Bucks push towards .500? That's the worst place to be in the NBA.
lol yea once a year! Go get up more than that buddy!
Why can't the judges stand up for Jessica, she sounded better than Joshua!! Not fair
4 Yrs $85 Millions with a Team Option of $25 Millions for a 5th year.
Sorry if your account says we've followed you 4 times over - twitter isn't showing we've followed folks we know we have!
Yay Everton! & happy with Spurs of course. James and rest of footy world still reeling from City/MUFC matters.
haha. Awesome I'm Physic !!! John cena and the rock !!! Tag team !!! lmfaoo !!!! =» eve and kelly kelly now !! Hahha
ur not hungry? Omg call 911! Ill eat for u!
I don't love you, like I did, yesterday.
Thanks to BizJournalMke and for posting about the Grand Ave!
"Midnight in Paris" reached $52.9 US and $98.9 globally as of Monday.
Does that necessitate three exclamation points?
John Richards () killin' it this morning ! Heard Joy Division and Kermit the Frog!
Awww...Thanks, Lola!
Good problem to have. Shoot an email to and I'll get you connected with the folks who can make this happen!
I will NEVER smoke another cigar in my life again! Same with He said maybe he will.
Besides being witness to an insane car crash where the lady turned into the oncoming car, my day is going just fine, thanks.
i must be running on sunshine, ain't no rain gettin in my way
Thanks - great tips! RT Using iPhone to shot video? Touch the square over the subject to keep the subject in focus.
I love how my parents call me dumb..
I know bahahaa
no doubt as a journalist I think you have to test every social media option. It doesn't work for me but hey who am I
Too late... We're at home watching Sounders Vs Dynamo...
Hey Milwaukee! Come workout for FREE every Sunday down at Bradford beach @ 10:30am! (@ FREE Milwaukee Bootcamp - Sunday Funday Bootcamp)
In which we attend a wine dinner & decide to cap off the night with a margarita. Best evahhhhhh
ugh.. Good luck man, I'm sure you will be just fine
Having fun screen printing simulated process & full color process prints.
Thanks for the support!
I have an over abundance of snow peas from the garden. Anyone have a creative way to preserve them?
So excited to play at our new release show tonight after sets from & Doors @ 8 | Show @ 9.
Deadlands y'all!!!
you're nicer than my bigger sister haha
TELL ME I'M A SCREWED UP MESS, THAT I NEVER LISTEN LISTEN! TELL ME YOU DON'T WANT MY KISS, THAT YOU NEED YOUR DISTANCE, DISTANCE
you are an amazing person and i love your smile((; and am so happy you were in rebecca's music video!! please follow me <3
Douche move #153: When you should be conversing and you find yourself SCREAMING and SWEARING...you are a douche. You're welcome.
Smoke makes gum taste gross.....
I keep wanting 2 change the channel but my love 😍4 pooch hall is forcing me 2 watch this terrible movie 😞
whats up people i need you all to follow me also check out my music
LOL HOW DID HE DO IT THAT WIZARD
VERY proud of her! That combined with Today's TMJ4 and you'll be well covered with severe weather!!!!
probably going to be free... acoustic show
Romney having veep candidates go through vet process. I don't think his vet would've approved the car roof traveling though.
dawww. de coltey baby is growing up :)
I hate it when Draw Something asks me to draw Pegasus for people who have never seen the Disney movie 'Hercules'
But she loves you!!
Reed Johnson with a walk of homerun????? Never thought I'd see the day.
You don't have to be first. Just be right. RT : Scott Skiles confirms he will return as #Bucks coach for next season.
Snow flurries began the moment I left the house, so yes on the freezing.
Not fair we still in school
I'm like a kenyan running a marathon, but I'm a drunk in
yes!!! Me too for my birthday!
Milwaukee City Transit System <<<<
ugh! Just UGH!!!
Great blog post ! Kept us in suspense. Everyone is asking what the fish measured?
did u? Where?
Yes, absolutely. :( Definitely sticking with it. It's not worth it.
Please send your contact info to
Out of the hospital! :D
Heck to the YES! Thanks, I promise I'm a real person and not a spammer! I DO need your social security number though... (J/K)
My friends think the most interesting man in the world is planking the final boss of the internet. Challenge accepted. Come at me, bro.
do u like fish
lol for secret service on duty... yes I am!
lol. My point exactly.
": Its a Thin Line between Love & Hate no its a thin line between fries n shakes lol
Iran or Arizona?
is it just me or did tumblr change it's font...?
When laughing, bodies produce more neurotransmitters for memory and alertness...so laugh!
We are hosting a Lunch & Learn opportunity for anyone interested, clients and associates. Our first one for 2012 will be held on January 20…
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to musicians that have influenced their lives! check us out?
wow, it is a gorgeous day in san francisco!
I will for sure :]
"There is a slideshow, and it's so slow - flashing through my mind. Today was the day...but only for the first time." ::travis::slide show::
Haha that's so cute! Was he just that cold?
#milwaukee We make custom products! Stop in, ask questions, get ideas on how to complete your project
It won't stop. Make it stop!
Gearing up to write new screenplay and getting ready for my next role... Getting ready to set up with an acting coach. Missing my kids...
I SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON PRODUCTIVITY TOOLS THAT I AM ACTUALLY NOT PRODUCTIVE
Hey wana go sunday? me and my friend whitney is seeing it on sunday
Thank you for the mention! If you have any questions about my positions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for...
Everything about her is PHAT RT : The dude that called Adele"Fat" is an idiot. The only thing "Fat" about Adele is her paycheck.
I beez in the trap.
Cherry all day. I don't even want to know what kind of crap they're printing on those banana ones.
who would you compare Barron too? I don't see the Berry or Thomas comp. Not sure I see him as a top safety, but draft is so thin.
Me too! Thanks! Have a good day...
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
love when that happens
At home:)
Damn, they have badass shoes. Lol.
im about to come up your house and go to sleeepp. cause im scared if im sleeping my mom will ne like why you so tired lol
Life Marches On! Live Each Day To The Fullest!
Practicing when your sick is the worst! But I'm excited! Even though I'm gonna die(:
That's a role compared to batting under .100
It's only after we've lost everything that we are free to do anything.
Old news buddy, had it at Piper's yesterday. It was unreal, even better than I remember.
just focus on the beer!
not a bad idea -- i can certainly do a fedora/solr/blacklight VM; beyond that are a lot of missing pieces for a full UI..
No problem Michael, glad I could help, I always appreciate it when people point out a bug on my servers.
I'm a coconut black outside and white inside
Alright, I have been dreaming of a site that aggregates all my social media sites into one...alas was found!
Do you like fish sticks? Do you like fish sticks in your mouth? What are you a gay fish? Fish dicks!
/// I've noticed a lot of Laker fans tweeting "Kobe would've made that shot.".......did he do anything against OKC last night?? [crickets]
yah it's a total deal-breaker for me if a guy I meet isn't into hockey. C'monnnn man. Lol
Dr. Antonio Flores President & CEO of HACU will be at USD on 2/21 at 4 PM in MRH Auditorium. Dr. Flores will chat about the future of HSIs.
Girls get fed up over all the bs and when they do they can hurt you just as bad as you hurt them...
#oomf is beautiful. Inside & out. Her personality is just as beautiful as her voice. Can't wait to see her on
Over a third or 33.9% of U.S. adults are obesed and by 2030 about 42% will be obesed, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported.
Brio Flatiron Branzino, Mediterranean Sea Bass With roasted Potatoes grilled string breans
Thanks, Sec. Duncan & Dr. Alonso, for coming out to play and for support of recess!
They are indeed. Hehe
Congrats! How do mummies celebrate?
Welcome and thank you to all our new followers. Look forward to connecting with you all.
Hope everyone has a GREAT weekend!
Which and JOJ songs were your favorites (to perform or liked the most)?
Wow we are busy. Thanks for the no show. Joshua
Me and my twin are going matching tomorrow :D
Improvised diner at Meza in Cap Hill, and loving it!
This week needs to be over
Yes, we would like to be considered for best desserts. That would be cool.
Not let Iran go nuclear a$$.
been glued to the tv watching the #CaseyAnthony trial for a few days now.. its like a reality show + extra reality
Read about Disney doing customer service consulting. Hm. I will take the STARBUCKS experience over the Mouse any day.
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Anyone have any good stories from the field or court?
This white dude is about to get slapped in the face.
I got the best present I could've get, but one thing is missing. to follow me! :)
thats a good thing but i can tell its kinda gettin to him lately. he's still tryin to juggle work/us but he's doin ok it seems.
What can/must be done in order to end all major problems (poverty, unemployment, homelessness, crimes, hunger, etcetera) of Earth humans?
you should be able to get Yuni in the 4rd as a steal!
at the next Thursday is sold out, but you can win tickets and find out about other great shows on the
While u all up on titter
lmaao for real dude! This thing loves me :') its my new bestfriend <3
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music
i lost my voice from the concert last night, but its worth it!
i love you!
#NM, please be safe during this storm!
Consider said marshmallows routed (and yes!)
I really did not tweet jack you! my guess is the cats
Congrats man....In 15 yrs as an NFL agent, I have never had a GM call me so many times to sign my clients UNTIL NOW w you!
At Church And Fredo's Fine Ass Just Walked In ;)
Brett Favre has not yet been cleared from his concussion. Will he play tomorrow? Yes or No?
I hope that manager nigguh calls me back tomorow for a interview , I don't like depending on others for money.
no problem!
Cmon you know it only plays "One Less Lonely Girl." #paymoreattention ;)
Quote by Horace Mann -Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity -comes to mind watching tedx youth day prez.
These are my own fault so why I'm even crying.
Come see #TheOysterPrincess tonight with a live score from #BeeVsMoth at 9p
Such a treat to have a great convo with a great friend. is a woman wise beyond her years! Thanks for tonight :-)
#houseofblues just launched a brand new #restaurant Crossroads at House of Blues! Come check out the brand new amazing #food in
#bruins GOAL!!!
So quick to hate and so hard to love
that or we will all be paying this new amazing trend of RSD12 EBay hike the price Bullshit.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Reach Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
Stephen Jackson on the spurs...
I'm good, wbu Youngster??
Woe up earlyAF, soar throat, went back to sleep, now running a little behind and may be late to class..
you need a man like you need rat poison in your cereal.
I like exercise to relieve stress. What do you recommend?
"Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity." -St. Augustine
Wow, thank you so much for helping me reunite with my community with plane tickets
Thanks for coming out! We hope you had a great time!
Really looking forward to the gym💪
i really like being online at the same time as the boys aw
2012 Goal #10: Feel good about completing Monticelloman Sprint Triathlon. Feel good about the run and the knowledge that my knee is good.
It's too early to be awake. Have to head to Indy for IGS board meeting.
Thanks for the shoutout!
well that would explain the epic fail. Who did DW7? Has it been the same producer the whole time other than DW6? Really it is? Huh
for real? can't tell if you're joking, but that's the most fucked concept for a strip club imaginable.
Back in 2003 on Presidents Day: TWO FEET of snow. Wouldn't mind that today at all.
Where can I get a Twitter #Election2012 tee?
Make sure that good stuff still in that Sprite
Happy Mother's Day! Mothers make a positive difference in their children's lives.
Commissioner is on his way to meet me n the photographer clifford dickson
Started a spreadsheet to track duplicative bib records I don't have authority to resolve. Next up: spreadsheet to track my spreadsheets?
haha I mean do whatchu do! It's all good.
I didn't get your Mother's Day wish, but I accept it now. Steve is awesome. The kitties are now living with Whitney Hoffman
YOU GOT A BAD ASS BACKGROUND ;)
is Wil still part of ive been trying to contact him about the gruesome death of tommy pistol.
It's still a trek, but a bit more to it now. Like
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. ~ Dave Barry
Satisfying win. I think we call all agree on that! Roll Tribe, a 5-4 W!
-- it was really great briefly meeting you after the panel today. "Oprah still means something...."
#colts news conference on now - Irsay now at the podium
Thanks, we had a fun day!
good luck packing!
watching a documentary on some guy walking a tight rope between the world trade centers. never in my life.
Library Program today, looking for ushers for MML, and gearing up for our Beginning Acting Workshop.
Okay, cool. We weren't fighting :)
Thanks for the follow miss
30 rock pulled off saying "jack-off" on primetime. South park would be proud.
RT:New artists or DJs,start w/ what you CAN do. Get a YouTube channel, be compelling.No one is stopping you
I had so much fun last night thanks
Memories don't live like people do... They ALWAYS remember you.. Whether things are good or bad... It's just the MEMORIES!! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!
Too, too kind.
Hey #Wausau Folks: WAOW and WSAW will have unclaimed property stories tonight - make sure to check them both out!
Heat will when by double figures. RT : DWade scoreless in the first half.
I will check it out. Flipping Boston isn't too exciting!
There's a smile on my face when I'm broken inside...
: T. Ridge & L. Freeh back online #poker licensing. Please back Rep. Barton's HR 2366 at the 10/25 hearing!
book u can't sleep tomorrow haha
im not a star somebody lied a nigga play around with me somebody die.
I'm not surprised! It was very obvious, especially when you were thanked in the end credits.
I kinda like it when Ron Paul gets all fired up. I find it amusing.
Lol right, I wish I can go all out like I want to but Im doing what I call "ballin on a budget" lol
of course they did.
JMU graduation, cinco de mayo, and 's bachelorette party. what a happy day today shall be!
Sorry, can't. Attending the ITA CityLights event.
National Travel & Tourism Week begins tomorrow! What are you doing to celebrate this weekend?
I Knowww Omg and Thanks... And No Big Diff... So What You Did Today
bestie I'm exhuasted. I had to work from 4pm to 12midnight then stay at my store and open up at 5am due to the door wouldn't loc
iOS 6, what I want: A system to allow and buy tweaks, widgets, themes, etc. as well as normal apps that are approved by apple
He wasn't on bench; he was at the concession stand. LOL Got a pic of him!!
another epic friday at the library. prepping for visit tomorrow! very excited to learn more about the two weymouths!
Chipped black nail polish! :)
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
OMFG. RT : If you're havin' life problems I feel bad for you son. I got 99 problems and your capslock tweet is one.
I wanna feel reckless. I wanna live it up, just because. I wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough. "Weightless" by All Time Low
she can no longer bring movies. . .ever
Me too baby! ": :Ding lol"
#Breakfast #Baltimore #FarmersMarket (saving the vegan cookie for later)
ends with question we need to ask "am i living up to academic practices or academic norms?"
I am home, exhausted, but really, really inspired by an amazing team and amazing fans, thanks!
There is a certain subconscious expectation when I buy a burrito from Chipotle that I will not be awake for long...
2 new paintings finished! One of them (24" x 72") has taken me forever to finish. If all goes well I'll photograph them both tomorrow!
Kay sweet I got it!!(:
Does anybody wear a 3XL?
POSITIVE MINDS..THINK ALIKE :)
I like life.
Hope today is a good day :))
Peyton Manning here in Denver not sure how I feel about it?
"He go and make breakfast... you walk around naked."
How long do you keep eating the Tigers cornbread before you say man this team has some issues
mourning the death of Steve Jobs on something he created. Forever grateful.
lets go!
People that Made Me Smile Everyday & <3 :D
I had so much fun today with at Jungle Jim's!!! :D
Ha Ha Ha ha ==>I. Be on fb foolin
Two Jordans on the Lakers today. Durant and Westbrook losing their youthful edge..
RT i don't know why they say a girl's best friend is diamonds when in reality all women adore pumpkin flavoured coffee
Watching Law & Order and wondering how I made it out of NYC alive this weekend.
Good suggestions, but emphasis on healthy relationship over slow jams. I guess B's Love On Top would count, but..
thanks, but no thanks...
Yurrp I'm in solon right now at my ppl cookout...what you in2 RT : you in town bro
Can I get a refill. :-)
watch out! (crash!)
welcome aboard!!!
it's perfectly normal for me to pretend I'm the #barefootcontessa when I use pricey cheese in grilled cheese sandwiches xo
thanks! :) whats up?
A fuck niggaaaaaa , thats that shit that i dont like . Fake shoes that's that shit I don't like .
Got neg. ppl in ur circle of friends? Make the circle a little tighter.
I spilled a popsicle on me on Sunday. And my arm still has red dye on it.
Hoping that #CPSiliconValley will include highlights from Brasil, México, etc.
The winner of the VIP table at Smokin Hot Aces tonight is !!Congrats!! Please reply/confirm by 7pm
I can dig that!!
Working late finishing a semester's worth of grading, digging your grooves. Thanks.
I agree! I don't think I'd ever want to use one, either. Those who tout them are often pretty aggressive marketers.
...and what's that?
No prepurchasing, unfortunately. Its going to be first come, first served. RT : Can tickets be prepurchased?
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation. ~Author Unknown
Better make sure those are some heavy-duty earplugs if the LRAD gets used. Beyond loud, possibly damaging.
Impressive Established Leaders panel! Purdue black alums are doing some amazing things.
A healthy, low-calorie "ice cream" from # Tastes like the real thing, I swear!
hope you are having an awesome day! Xo
Feels good to not get stuck in the cluster funk that is the red line during rush hour
. thank you for your support. If you have any friends who haven't yet voted, now's the time to get them out!
I just finished a 1.81 mi run with a time of 22:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Watching charity basketball (no defense) > watching Spaziani (no balls)
At Cal Expo for the CHiPs for Kids toy drive! Come out and hang with us, and Fat Lever! Don't forget ur new, unwrapped toy!
Don't think just do!! RT : Thinking I may go down to to check out His production is fire.
I certainly got my cardio in for the year!!!
I'm working on a new one!
Ate at Veerasway last night. On Randolph. Very nice, service was great, food has some kick. Drinks are strong. Thumbs up.
i was sitting in the middle of Math 120 this morning, and about half way through i felt searing pain all over. I don't think thats good :(
what a day, what a day! Seattle, I love your schizo weather sometimes.
I have gotten So many emails about supporting gay marriage...we all knew he was getting to it!
congrats on winning some free tea. Who doesn't like free tea? DM us what you would like. Thank for hooking it up
My manager is two hours late....oh I am about to be so fucking pissed if I drove down here for nothing
I wish book club would just die
There are just some days I really dislike my alarm clock and today is one of them!!!!
is almost finished our next behind the scenes video with En Fuego, and !!
Me too on that site. Love windowshopping. Buying... Not so much.
Just finished Alice LaPlante's Turn of Mind.
I say is officially a Texan. Happy first week my friend!
you didn't follow me, but I followed you, follow back ? (:
yessir it's gonna be an epic nite!
“: Wish today was Saturday” I'd like to redo saturday.
What a great morning in #Chicago!
a lion or a snake..idr some type of animal
I ripped open my back...
Oh bbyy , You're welcome .(;
Hate period pains
I dont believe in that Expensive power balance bracelet!
that picture was legendary
These articles cover what we spoke about last week. students learn writing skills from immersing one's self in social sites.
Even at higher genetic heart risk, lifestyle helps
#GoodMorning #twitter I'm up bright an early and I have no school!
As just said, this #Rockets season began w/ The Veto & it's ending w/ The Losing Streak. Could not have been more painful.
Today's Soups: Clam Chowder, Chicken Noodle, & Chili
“: Rihanna wears “Cunt” necklace to church. That’s the most awful thing she’s had around her neck since Chris Brown’s hands!”
hope ur bitch ass has fun in Miaammmmiiii! Have a drink or 2 for tha runnaz son!
But you just got here...
If you think congress can solve our financial problems, you're crazy. They are the problem. NOT the SOLUTION. See my blog on my next tweet.
The video game is due to be released on the 25th of January in the US and 28th of January in the UK
thx for the mention. Happy Friday!
is that what you're wearing on Monday? business attire!
Yay Doug got the rose!
checking on Momma...and my Uncle.
Birds of a feather dreaming of Hostess Twinkies.
Just saw Kentucky win their 8th championship.
If I let this go, if I let you go, will the scars continue to show.?<3
I wanted her to pick Duckie!
Jim "Anvil" Neidhart
Good luck to all the finalists in the James Beard Foundation Awards this evening! Cc.
Thanks for posting this...
Yes.... Good ol Fred Lamer. One of my favorites. I loved his directing class.
RT : #casesmc11, great conference. What lessons did you learn? What ideas are you taking home?
RT : A3: Maybe tying in AR/LBS contest for fans in-stadium, unlock clues that can lead them to try on actual ring
Cubs are going to do badly this year anyways, this doesn't change that. ;)
Whoever says golf isn't a sport didn't take as many swings as I did yesterday.
Rolling down I-30 in #DFW saw you're coming to the Verizon Theater. I retort "Sweet" out loud. True story. Blessings.
I know, I can't resist. I get so bored, and theres nothing else better to do. :P
Buy the paperback!
Hell, you'll probably get your own season. You'll be like the Octomom of daytime television.
Trending now
Have you spotted Tom Hanks in #Boston? Maybe he'd like us to show him some luxury property in Beacon Hill or the #backbay. :)
No Joke here, I just had a customer tell me she had a problem with the lactating acid in her legs.
Maybe you can was the small a few times. ;)
I wrote how I thought there wasn't enough talk in the Bears needing a safety. Glad they felt the same way.
We are flirting with a bubble but not there yet. at
Either way, big hole at the 4 for #badgers in 2013. (You listening recruits?)
Will You Ever Follow Me ? .... Or Tweet Me ?
Jesus that is lol
We made it!
Just finished awesome photo shoot today in a beautiful park!
that wasn't to you lol idiot!
Spring is here!!
I miss goth night
$99 for an nfl jersey? Ridiculous? Nike gonna cause gang issues over this.
-- apparently that's far too subtle of a point to make on twitter. but kudos for trying.
do you actually have any news sources that support your claims?
Ok have fun kiddo but not too much fun:P
I've actually been on Loveline before while I was playing in TBS. I've been a long time listener so twas a dream come true!
Preview is my most used mac app, opens everything w/o fussing
Our camp's two gigantic moving trucks and packed and on the road to BR City. Wrapping stuff up before boarding the RV to NV in the morning.
has a bunch of scholarship essays to to read
It's a great day.
I wanna see lol
Remember Y2K? AIM? Napster? Answering Machines? Submit to perform at the Milwaukee Ave Arts Fest 7/25. (Theme is "10 years gone".)
RT : As a manager i've learned that the difference between a pebble and a mountain lies in whom you ask to move it.
"There is such an opportunity & obligation for the Church to help children early in their lives." - Pastor
the only way to fix tna or impact or whatever its called is to erase the peoples memories of that last 4 to 5 years.
Well, us blacks love us some cool-Aid
I'm gonna spam yo phone with emojis!
Sounds like has got those moves like Jager.
it say a lot when u return to #value village 2 days later 2 buy the old mens #leather #coat u hid in the girls clothing area.
Looked like durant got fouled on that 3
Good luck bud! We are following!
yes please! Why not meet me tonight for mid-week happy hour? :)
Right! haha. I suppose I should be too. I guess it hasn't really fully hit me yet. I was shaking when trying for tix though
hey steve just doing my thing. My campaign is catching fire a little at a time
#PhilanthropyFriday Follow alum 's , helping human + animal victims of #DV reach safety together.
whoohoo on my way!!💘😘
i have a mosquito bite on my face. thanks softball thts jst what i wanted.....
"it's like a country club, but then it gets filled with molecular biologists"
he's vrowd-surfing!
Finally caved, I am now officially an iPhone user - it feels weirdly cool :-)
Just looked it up on IMDB and disappointed it's no-names. Original had Swayze, Sheen, Ferris Buller's sister, Caroline in the City
It's crazy how you can look back & see how much you've changed.
Junior year has taught me so much
i miss my meatball! wahh
Ive been sticking off , freaking off , beating off with your girlfriend =)
< back to bein worlds biggest brewer fan!
Luckily, the shoes I have on are basically slippers. Do I shuffle around drinking tea and reading? Yes.
he works nights and I work days ! But let's Skype later(:
RT: Nineteen innings of baseball today ... no runs yet.
& I can honestly say, I love my life <3
Quote of the day: "Give me a place to stand and I can move the world."- Archimedes
Time for a new phone!!!
“: my son said he liked Steven's dress better. Ha!” LOL!
Now that would just be disgusting, even if I liked bacon hahhahaha
I don't want to leave!!
#ThingsIGetAlot....DAMN ! You gotta fat as ; )
what does rofl mean? haha i love you!
We've got a lot of great stuff hitting the site in April… you may want to hold out if you're not in a hurry… just saying. ;)
Talk to your computers about Virus Protection
they better hurry up and jump in...
Cornell Dubilier Introduces Type 947D, High Energy Density DC Link Capacitors for Larger Inverter Systems
damn i feel sorry for the knicks right now
good game against us at SKC. wish it had ended differently but it was neat to see a legend of the game. thanks
Watching "Once Upon a Time" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just realized a minor typo, it's Green Mount Cemetery, not how we typed it. Sorry!
Robin Van Perdie because all season he played great and is a goal scoring machine!
2strong Ent. is checking me out! just got an email from them!!
Tonight's pint night: Spring Bock.... Followed by some mind stimulating trivia at 7 !
Haha at the zoo still. This is intense.
yeah O: <3
looking forward to seeing Stacy's film too, we missed it at Sundance!
Nored, Smith, Hopkins, Woods, and Jones, out after the timeout.
#JaneByDesign this is the funniest episode so far! xD adam adam and adam :))
if you see this tweet, please lemme know that you know I love you and thank you for all you've done for us #NSN!
My Oscar® Pick, Best Picture: The Artist
It took long enough. That is good news, tho.
Anyone watching #themiddle The Middle. That is so Indianapolis Average family
Thanks, Emma, for the #ff. i'm great, thanks! Great news about your college! xx
#1 options advisory service in America. Consistently outperforming the DOW, S&P 500, and Nasdaq. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Almost home lol
I had the stop the play or dube would have been behind our backline 1on1. Pulled him down and took my yellow
God, please get me through this. Please. I feel so alone and I just dk if i can do this.. #broken hearted..
Knock knock Taryn Brooks
Mayor Bloomberg says bill to monitor whether local banks are serving their communities is "ridiculous." B/c banks never lie/cheat/steal...
Who needs the world world when i got u? Beautiful song by
Share share share share!!!!!!!!! Havelin and I are all ears..or eyes..
At work bout to make this 13hr day go by fast
I'll be in the mix at the hangar tonight! $3 you call it's & $2.50 Beers all night long!
The Date of Axial Compressor Fundamentals + AxSTREAM Workshop in Bangalore, KA, India has changed from April 16-20 to April 9-13.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 255
He knocked out? :c aww well fuck it. Goodnight ya
Hey, thanks for reading my blog and getting the word out. Excellent!
Twiturm.com - F.O.E DA CLIQUE - DIS IS THE LIFE twiturm.com/i9uo5 via NEW YEAR HIT
im 22 turning 23 this oct :-) how old r u?
RT ": Sometimes I feel like smacking a hoe"
Adam Glick Adam Glick is partnering with #farmers , #chefs , #souschefs , #linecooks , #packagers , #shippers & #bicycledelivery-#men and #…
I understand the theory. #goodrelations has shown it works in practice for Best Buy. Outside ecommerce, you have proof points?
Yankee closer Mariano Rivera has torn ACL, out for season, maybe end of career. Sad day for all baseball.
Where the hell is my jacket?! I've looked every where for it and its nowhere to be found. Wtfffff
Cost of fuel?
Who needs Prince when I can sign Derrick Lee for half the price and half the years......Yeah I said it.
We picked another winner for tonight's #NFLDraft! Congrats to ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets for tonight!
because you can't keep leaving me ! and that is good news #yayshannon!!!!
Countdown to May StrEATS is on! Finish what you're doing and get down here for the music, food and fun.
nice tweet to yourself! lol
Rainy & coldd I'd rather have snow -__-
. two social anxieties for laptop use in coffeehouse: nostalgia for public sphere and treatment of people as objects
We're open today until 7pm. There are two relative events today.
making people look stupid in front of thousands of viewers.
KEY EU FISH AND FARMING TALKS IN LONDON
of course but you either believe in progressive taxation or not.,
damn, your voice is amazing! Unforgiveable will always give me chills! Would luv 2 have u perform in Chicago!
can you bake
RT : Excited to be part of the 1st humanitarian relief social media center-Red Cross's digital center powered by Dell
The lover is a monotheist who knows that other people worship different gods but cannot himself imagine that there could be other gods.
it is SO good! The transformations, the history. I heart drag cabaret!
no...Lee me 'lone lol
I feel lucky to be a First Class citizen. My condolences to everyone else who didn't make the cut.
I'm in love with #ColinFirth!
When I thought I was lost, is and I am very much the life that I will always love
I need your detes. Soon?
Special thanks to #Adobe for sponsoring lunch at Accessibility Camp DC this Saturday. via:
any clue where I can find that Bears fight song the guys in the Big Show played tonight?
keep yo fast as right thou
Bernard! Make me go there on twitter! 😂😂😂 jk jk
It's the natural order of things!
That's the ultimate revenge.
hi nancy. 3-2 BSU Softball over SL. Haha. Watch our games online live starting Friday!
can't argue with that but we like everything loud!
Same here, man! I feel like that I have very few things to edit. Everyone was on the ball yesterday evening.
that picture is just fucking priceless. shout out to #oomf who made it as a "gift" for me xD
ZICO is in Santa Monica right off the promenade! Come chill out and hydrate! Grab a complimentary ZICO while you can!
first time?! isnt it amaze!!
funny because i was tweeting his lyrics 3 days ago and he is country....
2nd prize at #health2dev goes to .... team NCI ... congrats!
Big turnover with 2:07 left.
I want to marry harry potter #whichIwasawitch #whereismywand?
where can I find the story on the 2001 best jobs if you want to save the world... on the web??
Spent another night playing 360 (COD & AC2).. gotta sleep sometime, lol
Rick needs to put the ball in Russ hands and live with consequences. Tell chane to crash glass
Dirty Randy's dirtiness is off the charts.
i'm really into balanced breakfasts lately. at noon.
"I can walk & breathe AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!" Lol. I hate that damn song, its stupid af.
welcome to my san francisco life. get use to it lol
I oppose for Governor because I support quality, affordable health care and good wages for all families
#Timbers fans... How Tough is your Goal keeper? Find out tonight :30 and 11
support hard to find if u need me I am here. Know we had our problem but we both grown n everyone need someone they can call
"not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol"
hey you okay?
Gonna bump a fatty with
pussy ass nigga man
She tastes like a milkshake made with hard liquor I told you before & I’ll tell you again don’t underestimate thePOWER of a woman
Qian Yu, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
I noticed he mounted a wine rack behind the mower seat. All he needs is a pee jug and he never has to get off it.
What " sacrifice" is Obama asking of the 47% of Americans who pay NO Fed Income Tax? NONE.
so a Bjork venue. Liked it. Not used often though.
I'd be down for that. :)
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers:6. Program your LegalShield provider law firm's phone number into your cell phone.
Ready to get home to Baltimore so I can Tatt the rest of me up
Sleepy sleepy.
"Unicorns are not the answer." -- "Then it's not a valid question." -- me.
Fist fight, with a girl, over curly fries vs regular fries? Best prom ever!
Feels like it is so much later than 7:18. Still too early to go to bed
I liked it well enough but I wasn't blown away like I have been with some of her other books.
Thank you to all our apparel fans for asking us to join! We would love to hear how and where you wear your Charles River Apparel.
I feel bad.. I only did one thing. -_-
Screen on the Cow! Tonight: 9-5, rain or shine! Call and reserve your spot for our special theater seating. 404-874-3751. Movie at dusk.
I AM SO BORED
Meet me at the lake.At the Park.Or in your room.
Crazy busy week already! Thanks for helping me with the day, I may need you again tomorrow, lol!
sometimes it's a whale, too!
Okay X, to satisfy your requirement, next time I'll pick the fight with you. Happy?
My A+ spring intern is looking for a summer gig in publishing. While she can always work for me again, I like to spread the luck.
I have an new dog his name is snoopy.
such a cruel joke that I have to layover here just to fly to Orlando & drive back
watching freaky friday
I think so
you smell, but like no you really fucking smell. take a shower please.
slayerS wins np.
yes, I never like being stereotyped, that is for sure. And I do love technology. Texting has its place
The Big Band Dance was a success!
Shout out to all my newest followers.
Timbale player looks like none other than Sheila E! Probably playing with her father, Pete Escovedo.
You are so welcome! Can't wait to see the spread.
Even with inflation factored in, could anyone argue that is more valuable than on just about any level?
Someone I know is on Wheel of Fortune tonight, but hasn't been allowed to tell us how he did. Good luck, Joe! Can't wait to watch! :)
And i could only sell 2 out of the 5 books i bought back so if i had a gun..............
I do too, and I said i'm suprised you don't like Princeton because almost EVERYBODY I know likes him, but everybody's dfrnt
t(-_-) hey wanna go eat!
We wish best of luck and Godspeed on his journey to Wales. We'll miss you!
It's a dirty...world
Arrogant empire photo shoot
Mick Jagger's "Miss You" With Booker T. at the white house was crazy good!
If we always do what we've always done we'll always get what we've always gotten...
Have a great stay in Japan! Happy to keep you connected!
trying to book one with Rosedale right now. We will let you know!
Bad days make the good days better.
For more information call New Horizon Theater, Inc. 412-431-0773 or
Umm we're gonna do this and make it work! And we don't give a fuck about your opinion.
upgrading our install to 1.5 & adding bunch of plugins for student projects. Last time all our exhibits broke so
I remember the good old days when my mom and I will watch Law & order SVU together :) ya... That was the good old days :)
Home sweet alone
my place 7pm. There is a keg of Boont Amber.
Your vulgarity amuses me. Congrats BTW.
I am purveyor of fine quality bottoms, boobs and brains.
did you find Jesus?
harry potter fucking ended! why?!?
sent all info but with no success. Any roles that fits my profile let me know.
"Get equity or die trying" I'm so middle class..Yay!
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. - Alan Alda
follow she follows back!!
I actually was accepted to UCLA...and chose UK
Homo! You sucked @ cine space in Hollywood lame homo
Amped for the party of the summer. Club vain Detroit 1500 Woodward.. Sat 30th....
Tragic that US internment camps during WWII are requiring a history lesson here.
And no SB guarantee from Rex. RT : Tiger loses & MLB player doesnt get busted for steroids. Day can't get worse for sports media
Looking forward to seeing some #49ers tonight in
followed beautiful
ugh i can't sleep D:
he works till 3 then he taking jacoub remeber
whadddafux are you doing? Hang out wif me!
Seriously? Uggg hurry up! RT RT Still in delay. Hang in there, #Cubs, #Reds fans
THANK GOD we didn't buy those tickets
Just heard this morning about a bat flying around in cabin of plane from Madison to Atlanta. Wisconsin in the news again!
what is the status?
you let me down time after time so its no point anymore im saying fuck it!!
i was just listening to beez in da trap, das ma shit too ;)
Oldest, non renovated arena in the country, though.
Forgot how much I love north carolina <3
Did you know that Miami’s oldest home, the Wagner House, was moved from its original location to make way for the Metrorail in the 1980’s?
When are you going to London?! SUPER JEALOUS!
/ The next BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest will award iTunes gift cards to 3 lucky (and skillful) winners...
Am I the only one that thinks Facebook has gotten WAY complicated?! #WTFIsAllThisStuff???
Major standoff in my house right now...my wife wants to watch "The Notebook" and I'd like to watch Tosh.O
Installing Komplete 8? Set aside a few hours. ;) I'm quite pleased with it so far (installed 2-3 months ago).
A comment on a video of a baby goat: "What are you going to do when it gets bigger? Release it back to the wild?"
That was so gay .
big points to for responding politely, promptly, and crediting a small mistaken fee on my account. why use metro?
Running my first #neuroscience experiment today! So
I can't focus. I can't think straight right now. I can't get my mind off of this...
Not happy with J Lo's dissing on a #dmb song... rocked it!
good had off work today so I hung out with my sister and friends!!
wants his friends to continue this story by adding a leading sentence. lets go: Once upon a time there was a dwarf called.
I think so. Hope I spelled it right, lol!! This game is AH-MaZing!! Are u doing post-game?
RT if u don't have a favorite ICONic Boy but u love them all 
FACEBOOK FANPAGE IS NOW UP BE SURE TO SHOW SOME SUPPORT AND LOVE FOR THE PAGE BY CLICKING THE LIKE BUTTON
lol i think it is funny
Learn about Torleif Elgvin's research projects and publications, and a brief mention of a forthcoming Brill publication:...
Its been a month since Demi replied to me :'D.
I noticed that too!
hahaha sorry! lol jk, so is your twitter name in reference to Ms Donofrio ?
Productive week in movies: 21 Jump Street, Cabin in the Woods and tomorrow... THE RAID
my nigga on repeat too much bass
Now: AB 2242 takes on problems with 'zero tolerance' policies
Today is going to be miserable.
hey man let's hang soon!
The fact that they totally ignored me tho..
Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing. - Oscar Wilde -
haha imagine I go to church and baptize my phone? x)
Press Releases: Brazil-U.S. Global Partnership Dialogue (Brasilia, April 16th 2012) Joint Communiqué
New York City is so much
oh:( i understand
must have had a long night because i am actually up before him <3
omg I want drinking
All artist lookin for somethin different Get @ Dope Musik im the next hot thing up and comin!
I get up at 5 am.
Goodnight to you! :)
Thanking #God. For yet another day! Glorify da Lord!
You can centralize your projects and add a boss, coworker or project partner to see your progress! www.IamINC.biz
Oh? I'd like to hear your thoughts
doin good, doin good. Home with my kids this weekend - wife's away at a women's retreat for church.
Is it weird that I feel honored to recieve a spambots very first tweet?
Wish my fone was fully charge :-( iM still sittin here
Man. I'm really digging this new EP
I will tell him hi. If I could sing like her, we'd learn their songs. Haha. Can't wait til the CD comes out
Only thing I was driving today when it came :(
We will be deputing our new title sequence in a special #September11 World Affairs Round-up. Will be posted later today on
Thank you SEO.
Ok Chitowners. I'm out!!!
hmm...that's weird. I guess I wasn't following you -_- my bad haha
Fancy seeing at the lady bball game
Dangitttt. I should've said yes..
omg I know I always get quiet >_<
I am convinced my life belongs to the society, and as long as I live it's my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
Got all choked up there for a sec... Nice shot tho kid good luck!!!
So her theory is that today's men are somehow better at their jobs because past men did similar jobs?
Hey yall take a tip from Shakspeare: throw pebbles! Yelling "Steve! "WOO!" Only wakes the whole Alley. Better yet: text Fool.
that dude is GONE!!! NO Way can he come back....Fire him
Exactly! If we take authority away from the states to regulate Reg A deals, then it becomes a viable means to raise capital.
Why do banks attach chains to their pens? If I’m trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pen
im sure at least one guy is there just to get laid and drink free wine in a mansion - which is a great reason in my book!
Scared of Lonely
I truly love challenges.
sure. I won't have my cell but come find me on the lawn by the start.
Well I'm on my way and then maybe I'll leave again.lol
For a second you were here now your there
"What is with these a-holes bunting?!" Kim said frustratedly.
dm ya number
Turns out Neal Adams is in on the live-blog too!
Damn who know a loud man thats gon answer at this time lbs
don't remember. I forgot cuz u took too long.
is 's cell on? I sent her a text about going to Midway on the 28th.
i want a fuckin
University of Wisconsin Oshkosh Rich Text Format??
Dharun Ravi: pride goeth before a fall. I bet that plea deal sounds pretty good considering what you're facing now.
that's what she said
If you like fun then RT
a lot of face melting rock at sxsw this year, but am yearning the sonic landscape you guys impose
hey you should follow your Facebook friend back :D
can i buy a vowel?...
Let this be a lesson to people: Never, ever leave a game early.
i guess ill update my phone. . . this will take a while. .
My mother called.. they just got a iMac and closed out of the Safari browser and now can't find it so they boxed it up to return.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith, and marrying my DREAMS!
Wonder how the Jeremy Lin haters will spin tonight. Thought he couldn't shoot the 3. Thought he'd wilt under pressure. Guess not.
Screw Melo! That is all
“: Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face. Ronald Reagan”
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
McFadden looks good, JaMarcus looks big
-________- RT : And just to think I almost changed my relationship status on Fb smfh
it was. A friend was VP of Sci & Tech and I got to see an actual working nano machine (w gears!) under a microscope. Wild!
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Lots of rumors floating around about CBS flipping Classic Rocker WYSP/Philadelphia to a simulcast of Sports WIP after Labor Day...
Although I am typically anti-puppet, listening to the cast recording of #AvenueQ does help lighten my mood every time.
When I learned the #Monkees lip synced I felt totally betrayed/lied to. Then I learned about evolution and was more pissed at my nuns.
NAEP Science--16% of students perform hands on science projects everyday.
If ever retweeted me I'd rub it in my dad's face for eternity. :)
Anymore questions???
seeing you at the basketball banquest on friday!!!
Red Sox should probably just put Youkilis down. He's disintegrating. Youk would make a great platoon DH for some other team.
Why?(x
i'm at #drupalcon. We should say hi.
gfd brewers. back to the bucks game
Um, the problem is that I am not there - I am still in traffic.
the reviews keep coming
Maybe ill love you one day..maybe we'll some day grow.
I've been wrestling with that, too. #EdReform is now somewhat tainted and I'm not sure what that leaves us.
I'm reading "Lighting Out for the Territory (How Samuel Clemens Headed West and became Mark Twain)" by Roy Morris, Jr.
we'll be glad to participate
Little Weapons is in San Diego again!
The giants are letting no 39 burn them the haven't pressure Brady like i want them to the giants play better
Good thing nothing came down around the course.
I still like him tho... But I can't
Global Awarenss class! boo!!!
“: I love meeting people who are badass to smoke with.” Ello!!!
Take advantage of this beautiful weather and get our eat cheap week specials for takeout!
#SlickLiving is the name of 's new mixtape that's dropping soon I can't wait to download it!!!
You're killing me, Deutch! RT : Wouldn't be a trip back to the Hill without a morning pit stop at !
“: Why does that bother me so much though?..”
made a new Facebook (: lol I got kicked out for adding alot of people yo so...add me back
Why do I feel like I have to say, "and let that be a lesson to you, young man."?
Good morning #tweeters.(: how's your morning going so far ?
Officially done with my drivings! #OnlyTookAYear x
Playing in an all-skill-level casual games group. Mariokart Wii and Boom Blox fared surprisingly poorly in group opinion after one play.
I want fucking white castles!!!
My spiritual question of the day, where does the disorder in my life stop me from being fully present?
Capital improvement program underway! New lobbies & elevators, upgraded fire safety system
RT : Sitting down with "regular folks" at a picnic table, said the cookies looked like they came from 7-11. Wow!
i broke my phone :( ill b gettin a new 1 shortly ...DM me nd ill hit u later...but thanx
The Spurs Mobb Deep Shook Ones commercial just passed the Celtics commercial ....
I wouldn't discount the value of instructor involvement in online discussion. My students love that I'm not a distant observer
Best Idea EVER!
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch A movie you watch when you're sleepy
looked so cute last night on Twitcam <3
General bk club consensus: thumbs up on 's Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day: insightful, surprising, tho just a tad snarky
Ahaha! You think there's a bar somewhere that has a drink called The Water of Life?!
The line to vote wasn't this long for the gubernatorial election. Very telling...
got an A on my math final (:
Of all the topics to claim superiority, Perry seriously wants to talk about TX air quality?? today??
awesome video, the song is great and Happy Christmas to you too :-)
My moto is tell someone wat u wanna say when u have the time to do so cuz u never kno when it will be to late ^_^
All our lives, we've been waiting for someone to call our leader.
Good to hear. It is one of the wines for #TasteandPlay. Looking fwd to it! Are you going to Food & Wine?
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
Omg. I really need to start my Christmas shopping =(
Thanks to
Behind every successful person there will always be a pack of haters!!
“: I'll be watching TV's "#Monuments to Excellence" on tonight at 7:30 pm!”
Viewing for Aunt Marie
check out the fresh new deals at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com and don't forget to use repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 20% or 10% FOR LIFE
im sending out copies of my show from last night to some friends groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com monday nights 7-11 pm cst
A few thoughts from #GeneYoungblood's “Secession from the Broadcast: The Internet and the Crisis of Social Control” , so many more..
Phil is done....
wow i can feel it, how about u?
we all live this crazy life which is like spinning all of them plates!
#Tea before bed helps rest my head. Goodnight.
im going to stay up till 5:00am yayyyyy
What happened in london?
they definitely outplayed for 2/3 of game, but OT winner would be huge for Pens...or Flyers, for that matter..,
He's not in town, but everpresent!
Finally home!Ah!Time to kick back and relax.Tomarrow 100%.All day everyday.
Have a bless'd Friday Baltimore...
#upstream2012 afternoon sessions are starting!
Lol ain't that crazy? If Jesus had a twitter that would be nothing tho!
Please email ---
I worry about this regulation. We need something, but I'd like a better sense that this is that something.
Should be public parking all day until like 10pm or 11pm when you can't be in the park.
RT : boring...can I have a cupcake lol #ornaw<<<go head dont take the big green one!
Let's try and make it that question about the most retweeted tweet!
🎶...Party Rock in the Hoouuse tonight...🎶
LA are you ready for Tonight ! All the cool kids will be there!
Shouldn't be a problem with Tweeps that know you. Just never know who will grab a RT and run with it. I've had it happen to me.
Pagers are the things doctors carry still. Let me see if I can find it on wikipedia or urban dictionary.
as far as know
Quite impressive Kleine. You are correct.
Let's call alfredo sauce what it really is: butter and cheese gravy.
Follow for amazing tweets. Believe me
"The Art & Science of Optometric Care" Clinical Curriculum course starts later this week in Phoenix! See you there!
Im such a baby I'm going back into memories watching all these little kid movies lol I'm so stupid and childish at times •emberresed•
follow me diz ashley from 7th block lol i got my twitter back whoop
hell nahh lmao -.- he was just my free spark up for a day lmao -.-
Yeah me too
Going to bed early >>>>
Sometimes when life changes the circle of friends change with it.
Join former #Tigers P Dave Rozema and members of the Babe's family this Sat at Nemo's in #Detroit for the 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Going to the Corning Museum of Glass today! :D
Finished all my things. sweet.
I hope I don't watch tv all summer
..hate to break it to ya but you can go but you're gonna answer for a few things..somethings are true, believe'em or no..
please call me back.
About to take a break and get some food...a nigga is starving out here, lol...
Nice win #Noles! Lucky in the 9th RT WALK-OFF!!!! Jayce Boyd gives the Noles the sweep with a walk-off double. FSU wins 6-5.
this is one of the dumbest, most uninformed takes I've ever seen. The #Wisconsin hate knows no bounds.
Anyone in #ROC have a VAG-com obd reader I could use for 10 minutes? would pay $10 or $15. Audi allroad has suspension warning light
Can't think of that guy without hearing Johnny Depp saying "Are you a MexiCAN, or a MexiCAN'T?"
so true bro, so true
lmao. ill try not too... im writing shit better than anything youve ever done.
In my almost 37 years on this planet, I have met one other female with the same spelling.
Now to March 30 student submitted 3 minute videos on "How to green Your Prom" wins prizes incl. trip to New York. www.teensturninggreen.org.
I'm tired of feeling so alone because of this.
Go to my fb page. Under my recent post, click selective tweets, click "go to application" +ur twitter name, put "#fb" after msg
I'd like to see the Wildcats take on the Bobcats!!
#4famouswords you can trust me
Free candy?! Where?!
Haha that's clever! Our fan club is actually gonna be called The Varsity.
I received my third rejection letter in the last week, so I decided to embark on my most ambitious and offensive work to date.
Road trip to Dublin with my two best friends on Saturday. I can't wait for the change of scenery
I am reading the Kindle version now, but only about 12% through, so still not sure.
what omg jealous I'll always be pale ..
To see me? :3 oh how nice of you RT : hey im actually gonna go to the talent show.
Check ! We're on right now! "Little One" thanks
Fox is bringing back '24' this Fall to chronicle every hour of my #twitterbinge. 24/24
Oh what the hell. Welcome, Thomas Colton Padalecki. Your daddy (and his costar) is one of my favs.
"#youknowtheycheating if they got code names for multiple girls in their phone : boo #1, Baby mama, Baby #2"
Not a promo for Homewood Suites, but they have hands down, the best rooms with mini real kitchens. Homewood University in Durham ROCKS.
Thanks for the Logo! I put it up as the background on my twitter profile. Looks SWEET!!
4:20 FUNNY | Why did the birdie go to the hospital? To get a tweetment.
Ah the awkward moments before class starts....
Hm i do wonder...
THANK YOU!
a little treat, we have to go backto russets soon unfortunately. Order a rye manhattan next time to wash them down.
Ditto “: Ugh! I HATE when mobile sites don't give the option to switch to the regular site. ”
An almost brand new Tamron 11-18 mm AF aspherical wide angle lens on sale for only $400 on Amazon. Great for groups, architecture, nature...
..you'd stand a better chance than I would. Only way for me is if he likes to ski or hunt..hahaha!
sit on the floor and stretch. It usually helps.
a collective thought from all of us
Scraping paint off of floors
Wow... I think my ex is in a relationship... FML... And just when things couldn't get any worse. Happy freakin holidays...
she is her about to go off
that's guy in the duck shirt is a creep . Lol
I love Nordstrom rack! Have fun :)
good times, I'll have to noodle on this while at my upcoming meeting.
That is endorsement enough for me. I shall need to look into the book further.
Boom. In. Do we get to use flame throwers? Also, why'd you crop your wife out of your twitter pic?
According to the bimbo on the black loop, a UTI is worse than AIDS.
sometimes life isn't fair
I'm always late for work now. I don't care. I want eggs.
haha I just look in twitter and Instagram for different pictures(:
Here I sit...on the computer...eating a chewy bar. I could do pilates, go for a run, etc..cannot even will myself to do a push up
WILL IT COST MORE TO HAVE MY CAR FIXED AT CAR CRAFTERS? No. Only what is damaged will be fixed. At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
#YouGetPointsIf you like to run.
Van Jones: "Make the choice that gives you more choices."
bring Paisley and Mindi on over and there will be even more animals here.
niggas luv to ride in ya whip, but hate giving u gas money. and say dats sum hoe ass shit if u ask...smh
i dont wanna be mean..but how can i let a girl off nicely...and tell her to leave me alone?.. :( sigh..
Thanks for the #FF love , now has found me on twitter! The marvels of technology! Happy Friday!
#TwitterLessRobert wears a mouth guard...on the bench
hey you tweet for yourself?
Tonight I will be shutting it down club saga come watch epic rap battles good performances n ur boy kdub kill the stage!!!
He probably didn't want to show his face :eli:
I woke up thinking I was late for school.
Will you please follow ? They're holding a concert for charity here in Cincinnati soon! (:
When Harrison is playing football and runs right into a tree.>>>
I always think people are giving me dirty looks when we make eye contact.
your pretty hot for an older woman.
Matt from Weezer/Rentals has a twitter now. we suggest you follow him. the original Sassmaster
Lol iknw it was kinda country n ghetto but im glad to see people recognize that...
Boo, I'm the oldest person at this alumni event :(
lol only for you, sister stiffknee!
im trying. I did stop making those movies though. #TwoArtistsOneCup. That's a start
“Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others” ~Buddha
yooo I'm bored.
I'm soo pretty that I may melt if I saw myself in the mirror ;;)
you were prob part of that huge road trip to get dorito locos or w/e their called
Please join me in a most specialistic ever Good Luck Atlantis version of the Happy Friday dance!
Irony in print: RT : Newt reassures his base: "Marriage is a sacred institution between one man and one or more women."
Sonic for breakfest
Renault wants to Captur market - New Zealand Herald
Way to rub it in... RT If Gators & Panthers fans didn't have enough overtime losses today, the Heat just went down in OT
once a snake always a snake. been busted twice before, only a matter of time before the truth comes out again. #notagoodcoach $$$
Man needed help with photocopier.
"...in Jeb's kingdom dissent is frowned upon and journalists are supposed to be accommodating stenographers,"- America's Next Bush, S.V.Date
There is a scam going around where you get an email saying your account here is suspended and you have to complete an offer. Its bullshit.
#Lions turning into a top draw for #NFL with four prime time night games including "handshake" game rematch against
At least two #brewers would have to reach base,without getting doubled up,for Braun to get another AB
get it, girl!
lmao deffinately wow u thought my shorts were too short? i didnt think they were that bad when i pulled them down lol
Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes Real Nggas Hustle For Goals...
that would preempt the need for a frying pan with smoke detector & fire extinguisher, which I thought I needed.
We still have last minute tickets for only $8! Come spend the day at The Mad Frog! Let us know if you would like a ticket!
In love with my foster kittens. They are so stinkin cute.
Maybe it is a good thing - Izzo seemed impressed. But I want players to fight for their starting spot, not give it up.
hey GUESS WHAT?! :)
Off to to satisfy my craving for their mac n cheese...and of course beer!
that's ok! I love hearing you over and over again.
I had to write a journal entry in history today. I started it with "Um.. so basically" and my teacher collected them and read mine out. Haha
Kobe may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the stomach. Chris Andersen may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the head!
We won both games!
Never... You're the only guy for me 
Thank you for the mention! I look forward to your tweets...keep up the Great work! Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
Was talking to an #independentbookseller today who said she was putting the amazing #TRAFFICKED on her wish list. :)
Going downtown for an event tonight? Try our FREE shuttle service from Daily Grill at 6th and Flower. Call (213) 622-4500 for details.
But I cannot forget Refuse to regret So glad I met you and Take my breath away Make everyday
same here
I'm got shocked -___- you don't knw me ? You forgot me ? -___- rawrr~
Within myself I saw my soul, and felt the feeling of soul,the light that I became,and the love that I brought back will be with me always.
RT : Hot panel... #sm to Drive new Product Innovation
It was all Coach Butler Fault
His performances on were electric. See live in our studio & hear his new single
same here
": The Saints will remind the NFL they are an elite team today. Recreate win from Superbowl 44 over Colts." Yeh u rite!
who got they ass beat cuz?
i know your a big basketball fan but do you follow nascar if you do u have a favorite
"I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch." -- Gilda Radner
What happened to all the Boo Berry? I thought they brought it back! Was gonna get some for my honey. He's never had it. There's none.
Absolutely- cool stuff!
#birthdayshoutout goes out to PEBBLES!!! !!! Happy Birthday
me be tiwed.
Working to communicate the necessity of vital documents for homeless people. A bit of a struggle, but must be done. So, we doing it.
lol! Let the Hostess Cakes hoarding begin ;)
you should invite he's pretty lonely
Just relax your neck and find pillows that can support it properly. :-)
Wow, this is a fast 50K. 75% of the field hit the first split (7.6 miles) at 10 min/mile or quicker!
thank-you for the kind words : )
You are very welcome - thanks for coming! And I do love what I do. How could you tell? :P Presenting/teaching is my *thang*, bro!
Heading out tomorrow after gets off work!! Going to Stockton, CA to watch kick some ass & takeover points lead!!
Sorry to hear of your loss. Watch for signs of mourning and take the lone boar to a vet before you consider a new friend.
The Little Kids On My Bus Are So Sweet . (:
: Regret is a bitch to live with. Don't do it to yourself. Live the life u want. Start now.
You're gonna hate getting old, it doesn't get better! You going to Layne's show today?
I look like yes & you like no.
Four day weekend was great! They always go by so fast though. At the day job for now, hope you all have a great week!
laundry...out of sight, definitely out of mind. And that human flaw has served me well, in this case. ;-)
is totally throwing a 503. They mean business. Wikipedia just went with a simple JS overlay.
oh no! U will be missed.
at some point today i have to come out of this bathroom
#SanDiego can't wait to be named
All you need is love! Stop by FITzee thru 2/14 to show kids at you care- just $1 and a paper heart is all you need!...
table 17 seat 10 in the super bounty.
Yay! You won trivia! I have your address on file unless you've recently moved. Congrats and thanks for playing!
Try our Caprese Vegetarian: Fresh Mozzarella, fresh Roma tomatoes, pickled red onions & young arugula w a roasted shallot vinaigrette!
It will be very interesting to see how the #Flyers bounce back in game 5. If you want to see a competitive game, turn on CNBC. #NYROtt tied.
sorry to miss your #metweetup at an awesome wellness conference at Sunday River instead
Koustubha Kale: Over 9000 libraries in this state, most of which are non-automated
never me ! Doooooley
I already learned why it's bad to stop a falling knife. Now I've learned it's bad to squeeze lemons with a hand that was cut by said knife.
Excited to be out celebrating at Red, White & Boom! Will be a great event w/ 20,000 of our closest friends. Hope to see everyone here.
if the Boyz legit followed me I would like be set for life! It's all I want for my bday!
And hey, don't go be a jerk and outbid me because I mentioned it on the Tweeter.
Great night at the Bootleg - sold out! Thanks and for having us on the bill.
First few days of class was fun! I'm going to love learning Japanese!!
I'm going back to sleep!
keeps me sober and responsible because I wait 30 minutes between beers ;)
Ever have a day with that undercurrent of unease for no practical reason? Strange.
I took a shower can out and my doggie was at the door waiting for me...<3
we open back up tomorrow at 11:00am, come in and enjoy lunch...don't forget Happy Hour!
So what did you drink and eat over the weekend? Let's see how many people answer the same thing!
Have you started printing with the MakerBot yet? Am thinking of getting one for a future project.
we make it in #pdx -
Met my bf's parents. Hope it's true guys always date girls like their mothers. His is AWESOME!
jump ship
bring it -I love corned beef!
Love the reinvention of a boiler room at Ames Free Library
If I had Heather for a mom, I might do that too.
Virginia Breen, author of I Am in Here: The Journey of a Child w/ Autism Who Cannot Speak but Finds Her Voice on Today Show 10/14
I know right I think I bombed that test I'm Freaking out
apparently I need to start stalking you, since you don't respond to my DM's.
we don't mind
is there any other channel or website that shows Jersey Shore?? Please RT :)
ALEX I LOVE YOU. you and austin are hilarious, i love your videos!! want to follow me? :) <3
I'm fiend'n lemon pepper
Butler argues juvenile court system was racist from inception in 1890s, not an idealistic system that was later tainted by racism
If I Had a Gun, you know what i do. I'd point that shit straight at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you.
I voted for Obama
Ted Danson is the boss on CSI now?! Count me in!
thanks for uploading your images!
Ooh! Haha. I must be getting old. :) There are some cool proj mgmt tools for Macs in the app store. Microsoft Proj was a pain.
All-nighter for me tonight:(
I miss what not to wear on Fridays :( I forget to watch it on tues. now.
I wish there was an app for zapping stupid people who think they can go through the Amtrak gate doors before everyone else.
Without a hand of regret, I'll hold ya to it
Hi there. How are you?
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333 [PLEassseeee
Having lunch at South Point next to Micheal Gaughan, maybe he'll pick up the check.
The weather is perfect for summer dresses and short shorts. Yes.
which 17 paint scheme would you want to be 'cruisin' around DIS in??
ok,ok...I apologize ...I hate being deprived of technology! !!
Appreciate the follows Thank you!
Sorry, wish I had a date, but we haven't finalized the timing.
Get better c:
Thanks for spreading the word!
Hey if you like metal please give us a listen :)
thanks for the shoutout! Go Vols!
I love smelling like bonfires.
thanks friend. 2012 is going to be a great year for us!
Happy Freaking Birthday DCriss
What's your name?
Harold McGee KEYS TO GOOD COOKING, signing books tonight 7 pm Kepler's, Menlo Park. Tuesday at Omnivore in SF, Wed at Bookshop Santa Cruz.
I'm amazed how excited I am to make these stuffed peppers tonight.
Don't let finances be the thing that holds you back!
KNOWLEDGE, & its proper use, wins battles..
LOL OMG i love this! "Psych wrong number"
How to know if you're having the same wedding as everyone else on (via )
Good point. I've had a lot of weird follower requests. Some were so disturbing I can't believe they would even send a request!
sam-a-lam! I miss you. I wasted too many characters on the s.
can someone give me a buzz? 813-314-5379
you smell like puberty!
DO IT.
So proud of my accomplishments not only as a person but as a DJ. Ive come so far & I dont plan on stopping anytime soon
Look out.... Guess who is 3rd in power rankings.....
I have always been a trendsetter!
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD friends!
599 set bowling tonight to finish year with 196.5 average. Not bad but got eliminate some of those bad games that keep me from averaging 200
“: You know you're crazy when....” I hang out with you all the time. Lol <3
U know I gotta keep droppin beats. Music is my crack and im the crack head! Lol.
CONGRATS TO ALEC GRAY - Another episode of " Special Agent Oso"
Ok final question is on environment - know some people in twitter happy to hear that. Also, I'm getting sleepy. Time to go home!
i See She Aint Have A Problem Movin On Bitches Aint Real Like they Say they Is Relationships Aint for Me : (((
Hint: Those aren't bidets on the wall. ;)
ah im hungry!
Intelligent idealism is closer to intelligent materialism than stupid materialism.
Lock your doors
Valentine's Day is secretly one of my fav holidays...
I can be I'm working out in AM so shoot me a time
I am healthy hair by Racheal will be visting a salon near you. We have 16 counties on lock. 2700 salons to cover Enjoy nothing but the BEST.
#WhenIThinkOfYou i think of a million smiles followed by an endless heartbreak.
Check out the Penguins take on the The Flyers at 7:30 or the Rangers take on The Sens at the same time.
IN SEMINOLE COUNTY: EAST BOUND I-4 IS CLOSED APPROACHING THE ST JOHNS RIVER BRIDGE - Baldinger
Hell yeah RT“: The fighter was one of the realest movies I've seen in a minute.”
I baked you cookies for national weather person day...ok they're for SB party...but we'll claim they're dual purpose.
the world is ending, HV has won 2 games in a row!
thank you thank you!!!! :)
Just a Country Girl, living in a my own Country World! Where there are cute cowboys and Country food all around! Plus watching Duck Dynasty!
You too!
we'll be in tonight! My first time ever! Looking forward to it
WOO K.G!! where did all the fans go.. i cant here them?
i have rich friends .. so the fuck what they millionaires, im not so I have to work harder than everyone so i can be
sounds like is taking off quickly -- congratulations!
When you want to go to sleep but your just not tired.. 😓
Thanks for the retweet!
You seemed like you wanted to go.
mama is fierce !
feeling fat today?
*poker face* Who are you? RT : *bend and snap*
It's 8:23 AM and things keep annoying me left and right. 😒
It's December already? Christmas is around the corner..
Did u tweet for the #iPodTouch?? Where are you all??
New this year, Compact 4wd Tractor Pull!
Spring break 2013
New Spanish class with 20+ mgrs from gaming yesterday! Imagine their employees'/clients' appreciation when addressed in their mother tongue!
Going to watch 's inspiring speech again at the recent Greenlight Greater Portland Economic Conference.
What's up ? Where are the #Badger Fans hanging out today in Boston?
how's it going :p
shower time(;
Sometimes I don't tell you what i'm feeling, because I'm hoping the silence between us would give you a clue.
#selfawareness is growth!!
OMG what is this a Hollywood movie! Like my dad would say "pura mafia."
I miss those "choose your own path books" I always ended up dying
hey lil bro., how r u dear heart? I've just been here & there, trying to find a job, & enjoy the summer. Much luv xoxo ;)
is describing how bike delivery service can complement CSA and other ag/food businesses
now 2 crews will have to go home next week
Thanks for the S.O.
Awesome, awesome grant! Love the West Side Market
#ThisWeek is terrible without Amanpour leading the roundtable -wasting time w/ bachmann's blunder am I seriously watching this?
Hi We're interested in you as a guest on our radio show. Please email me at to talk details. Thanks.
Donated 10 bags of clothes to Goodwill this year. Feels so good to help others!
haha yeah we could do that
what? did i just hear a dog bark?
Canadian police, please read Tiffany's posts. She WILL NOT STOP #BULLYING on Twitter! Please do something!
When people point out things that you're really insecure about <<<<<
Depo'ing away in the valley
I almost got that one, but settled on Ethiopia Dark. I just thought of something though, do you know if they are ground or whole?
Good out fam
Lol my bad!
#DearHair Give me a Redskins Hair Style!
Database showing names of recall petition signers, but not addresses, to be made public by Wis. elections board
It still hurts....
One day I'll be famous and people will actually care what I tweet.But by then.Twitter will be gone probably.
Just confirmed with student speaker for Saturday. It will be beautiful...
We freaked out for a two days straight! Now, gotta get our heads on straight and do something cool!
drive-thru bank tellers still exist?
HOW R U MY LOVE
A great day! RT Did everyone have a good day ?
hell I don't even know what's in horchata
Finally found the volume control on tweet deck - OMG it was killing me!
are you a fan? If so email to join his street team!
I have to write a 1000 word page paper due tomorrow at 12:15 & my mom still on the computer -__-
I know dat was stupid Freaky lol
concert is in the books. Next up this week: on Monday, on Friday, and 's #XFest on Saturday!!
We have created an amazing updated Cyclo-cross course!! Check out our Website to see an updated video this week!
absolutely! & In higher ed we have experience embracing chaos which puts us ahead of the game.
Psyched to audition for "Will You...?" next Friday! Thanks guys!
Oh you've got skills! I can only knit square or rectangular objects...no skills :(
'iHalfoween' is very impressive episode! Can`t wait for the next 1!
Any need to update from ios 4.0 GM to the ios 4.0 final? I can't do a regular update.
Haha' its true though..(:
U gave me your mixtape. I represent Holistic Healing & Alternatives (H.H.A). I'm 1 of your Caregiver's there.
Truly loving music today. I took the shackles off my creativity and I'm doin my own muthafuckin thang. Retweet if you know what I mean.
lets shoot on Friday for sure
I forgot about this twitter!
thanks for the shout out! Please vote to help our organization provide services to families! www.refresheverything.com/adlcenter
using&saving c:
it definitely should be part of the warm-up to help "turn on" the neuromuscular system and prepare the body for training.
Harry Potter IV tonight, V tomorrow, and perhaps VI at midnight?
I tried staying out of this but I can't. Don't say things to people if you can't say it to their face. Just leave it
bro do you want to go ta the mall today?
So Demi Lovato and Britney Spears are the new judges on X Factor?
No clue what this is but its good
Battle of the Gretas: In Applying the Garbo Test, Why Greta Gerwig is a Bona ... - Vanity Fair
ok.. Whatever.then I'm a rule-breaking geek
did you see the Colts Irsay and his comments? Peyton Manning is now to be called Fredo, he went against the family!
Las Vegas Casino odds on #Broncos winning Super Bowl went from 50/1 with Tebow to 10/1 with Manning.
You should step in my shoes and walk a mile, and then see how hard it is to hold back the tears and fake a smile.
Hey I am going to send you an amazing photo this weekend. Just wait.
I believe you are right. Im bearish.
Miss you too!!! Hope you're well. :)
Register for Cabin Fever Book Club early as Mon., Jan. 23. Enter reading slips Feb. 1-29 for chances to win prizes like a Kindle Touch!
Thanks to a local store who donated packaged sandwiches for homeless people. It's great to be able to eat on a day other than Thanksgiving!
hope u had a safe flight!!! have fun!!
glad you saw! the book(s) ain't cheap!
Do you not think so far ahead cause I've been thinking bout forever
Belkin TuneCast Auto Live FM Transmitter for iPod for $18 + $2 s&h ...
I like trying to negotiate. Finding a middle ground of manifesting my heart's desires into reality. Some cats can pull it off..
absolutely. Did you see the IDEA commons? is having a party there 1/31.
I received two bags of candy but regifted them to others. #Weightwatchers is powerful motivation to just say no.
Moving today....Milwaukee to Palatine!
I can't stand ads. I can't stand loading, BUT I CANT FUCKING STAND IT WHEN ADs ARE LOADING !
Yes YOU!
You'll never know how eccentric you would be untill you're truly rich.
Marriage equality affirmed by the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. A good day for love and justice.
oh okay thats kool let me know
#WhyAreYou trying to get me to check out your myspace? Do you have a laser disc you want to show me as well?
Getting angry is for animals. I am above that. I need to learn to be able to channel discord into discourse.
jay baruchel is really cute. this isn't a funny tweet it's just cold, hard, adorable fact.
that's awesome. I'm hoping I was this last semester too. Waiting on grades...
SOPA - the classy way of saying "Fuck You Internet"
Constantly reminded how good the Flight of the Conchords is. Listening to the 'actual' song followed by its parody: great (& geeky).
I'm alive
HAHA! that is a really great derby name--also kind of bad, like you said.
Virtual Desktop kind of blows my mind.
range time would be great, but this week's weather isn't looking so good.
i'll counteract this cold house with DUN DUN DUN DAAA a hot shower. it's all about the instant gratification.
What's good yo? Not trying to be a predictable cat, but I was Wondering if you would be down with a collab soon? Shits gone go
fun! Did I miss the setting of a date?
WHY ARE YOU SO SWEET?
Yeah, what happened to him? He just seemed to fall off the face of the earth. Did he lose his desire to be creative?
New York, NY: Business Opportunity Expo | Marriott Marquee
Early bedtime, scary Boardwalk Empire nightmare, midnight snack.
At least from the ladies who like code samples.
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers13
i hope everything is ok ....
haha. Its not like i go around saying it to random people.
Who doesn't know what Tapatio is!?
Very sorry to hear MCA died. I have fond memories of my dad listening to the Licensed to Ill album all the time when I was a kid.
Turns out you're not following me, so I can't DM you for the promo. :-/ I followed it!
Nah “: Come to SAS elections tonight for our new executive board! ICC 108 @ 9:30!”
Don't call me up no more asking about your baby , i'm done & want you out of both of our lives !
Tonight We are young So let’s set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
lolz, me too!
Good morning :)
#VegasEyes by is awesome!
ahead of troy while in third? Thats the only thing that Really matters
Thanks! Wait til you hear this new album!!! Hope to catch up with you soon.
According to one interpretation of the data, I only have a 1-in-6 chance of finishing my degree. Yikes!
Wow. Chris Mann - perfect. Kudos to you!
Harry will still be him if he's bi, everyone needs to chill
Its fucking cold
Cupertino Electric in San Francisco. Another company is flying me out to visit with them next week though.
demo-ing a cherry semifreddo and peanut butter bread at 5pm
Punch Brothers into Childish Gambino into Dispatch? The Beach Boys into Bon Iver? Were they even trying this year?
for the follow!
"Love is the oxygen of the soul." via
I am not afraid to pumult you with hot french fries and
Long Pregnancy Tied to Kids' Behavior Issues - MedPage Today
The work never matches the dream of perfection the artist has to start with. -- William Faulkner
Happy Tuesday 😊
Tight! RT : It's approximately 52 days until Go Skate Day. Plenty of time to work on my olley.
i tweet him over 100 times each day!!! everyday and night
love ur passion for
Since I just woke up & it's already morning imma wake & bake, then sleep again :}
I FUKS WIT MY GUY ONE OF THE HOTTEST PRODUCERS IN THE GAME!!! KEEP AT IT BABY!!!!!
keep up the great work. Always enjoy your articles.
Insider secret! RT : After years in bookselling business, I've learned the way ISBNs work: Put the hyphens wherever you want.
Out to eat and then swimming 😃❤ having fun so far!
Tally ho! Starting to see first bumps from the initial signup wave. Waiting for more than three mins for your site? Use the feedback form.
Most lead data we access/use is gathered through website visits and lead forms using - Paul
I just downloaded the Bollywood song from "Smash." What's HAPPENING to me?
viola davis
how r u tonight?
So is my water bobble! No waste there!
Bless you both. I'm honored to be His vessel !
Is that Clarence Carter?? Nope Jose Barrea he be strokin!! Good to see GO MAVS!!!
Aubrey O'Day thinks ridiculously highly of herself. Isn't she known for being in a failed girl group?!
Penn State lands top tight end for 2013 Adam Brenneman. What a two weeks for Bill O'Brien
You got an extra seat under the shade over there?!
ha! No, she didn't. But she understands now that coffee is not just a matter of pushing a button.
Arrived in the city that never sleeps after loosing my connecting flight and spending so many hours advancing the lines at Miami airport
Lol! That was hilarious!
u and these stalkers
it took the ESPN bozos an hour and half to finally get to talk about Tebow..
Can't wait to see my bros, sister and my nieces and nephew next week. Always a great time when you get the brothers all in the same room.
Chicken tortilla soup for dinner tonight....can you tell I'm in the mood for fall???
can you DM me your e-mail? Want to check your yoga schedule for :) thnx
lol you finally made that move.
I really want to go to U1 and get after it but homework and class is calling
Math isn't the same with you... Stay Strong...you and your family are in my prayers❤💙
why are sisters SO MEAN
God ordains all for the best. W.A. Mozart / God has a plan. A good plan. A plan for good.
#nfldraft Great pick by Seattle to pick up Tate. He'll do well in the NFL. (Hurts to say that as a Michigan fan.)
Canning wiff my bitch
I'll call you when I get home.
So are we.
I will use you.
Just washed a shirt my sister bought me for my bday - followed directions and it still shrunk!
It's a sore subject... lol But it was Roshon and Melissa
AWE/Dreamfirstent bout to take over Houston.
maybe we can play it tomorrow (: I'm going to sleep so goodnight :)
Well have fun and hope she has a lovely birthday! xox
I'm a panda, so like, rawr and stuff ;)
Its what's for dinner lmfaoooooo RT : Pussy
Pause rewind play and repeat
just never call me honey, irks me to know end lol
i think i got mine on fred fish disks
I don't know but I've been told.. Someone here is getting old..
I will be there for sure! Me & Mama Mahone will be signing autographs & taking pics with fans! Keep your eyes peeled ;-)
So, I know what April Showers bring. What do we get from May rain?
I love this x1000 and am giggling manaically over it. is looking at me funny.
Yes!! :D There is 3 really big ones around here! Me and Kellie are like 5 year olds and we legit still go outside (Cont.)
Some people over react...it was not that serious...Ive heard worse.
RT Sorry champ, but getting "promoted" from fries to drive-thru is not a promotion.
Girl at work: "You act like you don't like me." Me: "Ah there's the problem.You see-that's not an act."
Grow up! Smh...
left, right, forward, backward... the reason why we choose a direction is more important than which direction we choose.
Gorgeous Day #Chicago -- take advantage of #IndustryNight $3 Jameson shots, $4 draught #beer & 50% off all food & select bottles of
Food poisoning <<<<<
Keller Williams/reMax says do not rescind or repeal IDX franchisor policy.
Bought those new Whatachicken bites last night. Did it blow my mind? No, but it did look very sad eating them on my bed with no pants on.
Love your food photography, you're a master of depth of field!
Ready to get Tuesday an wednesday Ova wit
We love knowing what our fans are up to! Come on down and fulfill your craving
I'm off Tues and Wed next week! Let's go!
thanks fam....play some of your joints...
tweet me a # and me and will tell you which IB you look goodd withh;D
Why does my phone keep making water drop sounds?
lmao i know
Tim hortans adventure with ;)
That's better.
Hey , Your #Vegan #Cheesecake is ready! Pick up any time. Thank you! cc:
When you catch a film next UnitedArtists / Regal Cinema, CHECK YOUR STUBS to be sure you don't get overcharged!
you could ply her with alcohol first! oh, wait, that could backfire...
you guys do any type of business ?
Never Woulda thought that that girl would like that guy.... Thats what I call a,"HOW ON EARTH SPECIAL?"
Skills® Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Children with Autism - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Ready for bed. Gotta recharge for a day/night of fun tomorrow ;) Had a lovely spa day with the ladies today. I heart mani'd fingernails.
hey! cant stop thinkin...do yall do concerts private 4 people? i hope! my only bday dream! april 2...embassy suites...memphistn
Finally catching up on 30 Rock and they need to do more "Queen of Jordan" episodes I am DYING
it will be hard to see anyone go home tonight, the cast has raised the bar for all future groups
I just want to love you with every bit of my heart.
proud of you...good luck!
STOP CHASIN ME AND CHASE DA MUHFCKIN MONEY .. OH I FORGOT .. I AM THE MUHFCKIN MONEY !
Steve Jobs resigning is a bigger story than "where's Gadhafi"? Terrorist leader v. lord of the Hipsters? I guess we know the CNN Lead.
#HitDirectionersWithAShovelDay Yeah...no...
When are you gonna interview Snow White's Poison Bite, and Ashley Purdy and Christian Coma from Black Veil Brides???
S/O to all the artists on my mailing list! Im gonna tell u shhht NO ONE else will that will make u MONEY! Keep watchin ya emails! #Rich Sh-t
I wish I had big doe eyes.
I've read some of her work! Very jealous! She's worked with a lot of my disaster idols Phillips, Fothergill, Morrow etc….
So disappointed to hear about the C'ville bypass - a short-term traffic fix that will mar a beautiful area not just w/ asphalt but w/ sprawl
Mke politics? Not much, especially compared to Just didn't think FB comments & Serb/Croation stuff mixed well.
Keep Me Near Da Cross
The Albuquerque Isotopes square off against the Colorado Springs Sky Sox tonight at 6:35 p.m. Who is going to the game!?
Playing Draw Something(:
Yes. Guess his nakedness didn't wield the authority he'd hoped it would. Unless this was all just a cavity search dare..
Also loved it! It wasn't overly-heroic or overly-raw and just told a very beautiful story of faith. Really good!
The latest episode of Supernatural took place in my own Missoula, MT. Who wants to guess it was portrayed as all cowboy hats and log cabins?
The best revenge is to make that person think of you when they are with someone else!!.
Justin please follow me:)
On my way. Hopefully I find parking on that street..
WOW - the entire West coast!
ME AS WELL AS THE BOYZZ, FOLLOW ME NOWWW PWEASEEE :-[
Great meeting you and Mason last night! #sxsw /cc
Want 2 make changes 2 better your health? DM me 4 a FREE Health Consultation & start working towards ur goals 4 a happier & healthier life!
Might say fuck it and start drinking beer everyday again
Barrett is here.
blog test
They are brought to their knees and fall, but we rise up and stand firm. Psalm 20:8
hey I'm currently laying across my kitchen table..
If you ever want a lesson in how to keep shooting regardless of whether or not the shots are falling, just watch Kobe Bryant.
send me ya video links for some good promo on www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW via
@ Taylors house... gonna have fun!!! i love big time rush... and Daniel Tosh!!!!
I would love to met with you and tell you about my community projects. Cynthia Harris
Good idea! I was too busy giving them dirty looks so I could use the machine today
Apuleius~ Familiarity breeds contempt while rarity wins admiration.
Means lots from girls' dad: "Happy Mother's Day! You have done a wonderful job of being a great mom! Thank you from the bottom of my heart!"
u will not be dissapointed w/ the 9930 my g, its siiicckk
good job Harry. you fail (: -AliPaige
Garden is coming along.
I missed it!! :( but I'll still call you(:
Charlie two times..
check out my zombie survival website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
"Dancing heals us somewhere deep inside." True words.
10 Facebook Tips keep ppl outta yo personal business some ppl just on facebook to be nosey
i think i've seen 42 cops today. what is happening.
We use a digital speech graph on to give students visual cues on speech patterns/volume/fluctuations/etc. Very effective
what's it about?
Staring at computer at end of lunch in what feels like pre-feverish haze party-in party-in, fun fun fun fun
Awww good! I'm sure you will look gorgeous! And I was thinking, I'm pretty sure I borrowed your shoes last year :)
Meech Dogg will have you getting JUICED UP like nobody else checkout Meech Dogg JUICED UP on you tube...
Start your 2012 off on the right foot with a trip to Fujiyama!
You make sure they remember... forever... the night they played the Titans.
TIL there are more people in California than in the entire country of Canada. Crazy.
ha!It's truly absurd & each year brings more forms.Have such mixed feelings on taxation. Hate seeing smbiz/retired folks struggle
Managing student expectations
dont lie... how intense was the episode of pretty little liars
All I can say is follow me and help me help her.
Church was great!
Thanks for making me feel better...
LOL I so would, but my mom would probably swoop out of no where and cut my throat out.
Saw him in Minneapolis...his shows are so ill
Check your email inbox in a few minutes - staff best of '11 lists and NYE hours enclosed therein!
yes Nick for sure beautiful for sure :)x
Seems like some TSA Agents can't be trusted. So much for the safety/security of our skies - stay prayed up!
well I didn't think bacon on wholemeal bread would work. I was wrong.
Your face is a magical sunset.
glad to hear man. and damn! forgot about that stuff - i bet that stuff's hilarious. gotta see some one of these days.
Hey! Yes, still a huge fan :-) RT : Checked out Planet Money today after reco'd it a while ago. Excellent show.
I liked it
your forum search is bugging out. What's the best way to search for a specific template (by ID#?)
For the 10th time my phone randomly started playin 's covers in the middle of class AGAIN! My phone obviously LOVES Arabella.LOL
sounds like it could either be really inspiring... or a circus
Okay, I need someone to go see the avengers with me. ASAP. Any takers?
shut up and get on the plane! Dinner is on me tonight buddy! Great broadcast
Have we mentioned that "Boomtown" is screening at the Logan Film Festival this coming weekend?!? Travis' hometown!
Great Fathers Day with my big, crazy family and happy 30th anniversary to my parents!
Ive got to find a way to get back to for some more good food. I might have to create some sales calls in that area this week!!!
Not at all.
Love that. Google search says that's Stark's Sense of Dissonance, right? Would you recommend?
I know ); Im afraid to lay down /:
new phone!
Gayle - roundabout approach
We try to publish books that inspire, that take you on a journey, that cause you to think on a deeper level and perhaps that help you feel.
Not that I was very well pieced together when you met me
Where do you live?
Wtf ! Lately I've been going to sleep early a'f!
i hope im making your day. You could make my life. By following me.
bynum had 30 rebounds. #spurs fans thats why we lost
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito..
Maestro enjoyed working on client projects today: a new KIOSK for a trade show, several elearning modules, and a flash animation process.
Greatest night of sleep EVER! Time to get ready and head to graduation :)
I followed her:)
I agree with ... When students sign scholarships, they know there will be restrictions if they decide to transfer.
wonders why is Point Comfort United Methodist Church ending their bazaar after 55 years?
Apparently a car caught on fire at my apartment last night. And I slept through firemen knocking on my door at 4 in the morning...
'bout to #rock the Greer Stadium Plaza for the Pre-Game!
In a month, my reading selections went from The Federalist Papers to Ferdinand.
What a crazy day
Need to beat the heat? Come visit special collections today - it's 61 degrees in the hallway right now. Climate control is serious business.
Irrational decisions that you'll regret one day <<<
so you talking shit now?
Thanks!RT : Get your Frapp on! Frappuccinos at Starbucks are half price every day until May 13th between the hours of 3 and 5pm.
#FridayReads :: Finished Ernie's Ark by Monica Wood (wonderful writer) Reading One Small Step Can Change Your Life, Robert Maurer (useful)
Oh yes I am. And on new adventures, of course. ;) How are you doing?!
": I'm not talking about Facebook, I want to know how to block you in real life."easy ignore the fuckers lol
wonders if fighting with this server is worth it today.. i can't seem to win!
GUESS WHO JUST GOT WOW BETA AFTER THE FIRST FEW WAVES, and obviously being between them. ;D
UPDATE 2-Telus withdraws unifed-share plan; profit rises
Just a little reminder, in case you might forget, RECORD STORE DAY, it's tomorrow! 4/21!!! Tell everyone you know!
The four Ps of cause marketing: partner, purpose, passion, profits.
lmao can I touch it
My wife's been craving potato salad lately - are you sure you're not pregnant?
Peace and love
yeah we are always looking at ways to expand and working w/ pro athletes would be of definite interest..
Kindness is not Weakness...
PSU Theater Arts presents: Mountain Language Zoo Story. FREE preview on January 13th at Lincoln Hall room 110!
Yes! After a yr + of not being in NYC market and being in Bmore I finally found May be 2am but I'll sacrifice!
What you expect to happen is a big part of what the result will be. Think positive.
Kepler Lucas :Suspicious vagrant in alley!! Oh, wait - it's just the pool guy.
Tastes like
did she text back this is urgent! Or who else could I ask?
We are open for business in the Convention Center until 6pm! 11-6 Thurs-Sat in Ballrooms A,B, and C. Come feed your eyes on rock posters!
We're Coming!!!
Let me do this too bc im pathetic !
Thx 4 experiencing us in #Albuquerque!
This Anthony Davis/Kyrie Irving debate is going to look really silly when they're ON THE SAME TEAM
Meet Board Member Lindsey and check out the new Web site! www.bldpa.org
that's the one!...sorry random food thought as I'm pitching sponsors w/ideas-I figured I would go to the expert for advice
“: Local news just compared a blind dog and his dog friend who helps him get around to Stevie Wonder and Elton John...WHAT?!?!?” duh
that's not the answer I was seeking. You are dead to me.
great to connect with you here, Carlo.
Thank you to the WWE and the cast and crew of "Blood Brothers" for filming in our great state......and for the delicious chocolate basket!
Happy Friday everyone! Come on in and enjoy 30 cent beers!
I'M REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS #Evol mixtape wayne suppose to drop if he havent already lol
I need 2 tickets to Thursday's Capitals/Panthers game. Who is going to help me out?
We on the top floor.
What a busy day today!
Aw. Thnks guys!! : Truth. RT : Big shout out to for her amazing work. So inspired after the day
Having a weird kind of day where you cry over "say yes to the dress: atlanta". What is even going on with me.
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Happy holidays friends!
Being a wedding photographer has been difficult post-divorce. But there are moments, editing, when I look at a beautiful... (1)
Volunteering has me looking Rough
image? Who cares as long as uw is avg enough to make the tourny every year. That and chest passes define success for uw fans
I know! So excited :)!
got my hair cut today :)
that's where I live! It is the best.
like i wish that happened again this year so she wont come back to school
i'm at an show right now, but same here just making moves.. U ever come back here?? I want to take u out! ;)
Don't limit investing to financial world. Invest something of yourself, you will be richly rewarded. ~Charles Schwab #quote via
HEY WILL U KIILLED THAT BEAT THEM CATS SNAPPING TO
just learn from them lil bro n all n God will work it out ;).
yo ima need u to stop changing your name. confusing me and shit when I get the twitter txt lol!!
Purple days blow. Taking a zero in acting.
Check out the latest creation by roly inc. www.enduroshark.com let me know what you guys think.
sometimes your head suit gets some serious vertical action happening. ever thought of getting your hair did like jean ralphio?
always fun! No matter what!!! Loving the city of the Whale's Vagina!!
oh thanks! I'm not as good as you but I am trying.
Thanks! I think I do have a link in my profile, but I'm not much good at Twitter, so I could be wrong!
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.
I meant btwn us. You are not mad at me bc of my reaction to the finale.
i miss you too!
he'll ya. Just a friendly game to play in the semis
Happy Mothers Day to all #Gardening Moms, Plant Nurturers, Pet Rescuers-Adopters, and All Caregivers - have a wonderful Sunday!
Are you guys going this year? I haven't decided. Depends on when I can get my overdue book done.
Rockwell provides feedback from fourth quarter diamond sales
Auditorium is full and there's still a line up the block!!! The revolution is alive and well in Fort Worth!!
Disappointed that I can neither build a house or fix a car engine I wonder what my Dad would make of the fact I just had a manicure?
Man in critical condition following collision on Huntsville&#39;s Memorial Parkway
your dm made me think thank u so much.....
looking fwd to seeing u tomorrow :)
Today is one of those days where I just feel like doing whatever screaming
2 more days then i am off for 4days then i am on nights lol
Bad boys II is still a good movie to watch sometime.. them boys are crazy!!
thanks so much
Waiting for a photog to shoot a standup for my story. We, we so excited!
Celebrate the first snow of the season and stop in for a nice, hot drink! Show this to your barista for 25% off any drink of your choice!
LMFAO that was pretty funny my tongue got all twisted LMFAO
Bye bye Hoosiers...no surprise there. Real games start tomorrow and Sunday!
Minus 400 illegal aliens? Is that what your saying? ;)
Not feeling good at all :(
#imthatpersonwho makes myself laugh more then i can make others
you still have me :)
So, I had to write two essays in eighty minutes during AP Lit today. It's safe to say that that was the lowpoint of the day.
‘Prometheus’ Clip: On Approach to Doom via
Thanks for following! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Thank you! We look forward to seeing at our location; Downtown will be closed that day.
how about you invest your 1% rich actor money in solar, and let us invest in oil and Keystone which will employ people now?
just about week until Jan 23 North Castle Public Library!! Its gonna be epic!!!
Fly or take greyhound..... Debating
makes sense...wonder where tho, I'll be following that story for now
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Do you give everything you have for your dreams? This actress spent her last paycheck to get Tyler Perry's attn AND she is talented!...
I'm beyond jealous😞
So cold in the ABQ tonight!!! Bundle up with someone you love, or have a drink at
": What? Bring me a pet squirrel back!"first if all its a wild squirrel
well you're in it so have no choice
HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN! HAWKS WIN IN OVERTIME!! #wewantthecup!!
Staccato phrases with two octave leaps and legato drones within one octave. Improvised duet. Players switch roles at will.
Im straight g tho
I can't seem to bring myself to take Mumford and Sons out of the CD player in my car...
I had a really suckish day!:(
RT : I forgot to be attractive today. //
wishing i could grow a beard
you all told me to turn it up haha
1 minute in, had my first wtf moment.
Hi Paris! Are you apartment hunting in Chicago?
rivers on bye so freeman Dalton or asmith?
"If you have nothing to die for, you have nothing to live for." Do you think this statement is true?
hahahahha (: well I'm going to sleep night sis :D
Best day with my boyfriend <3
That is very cool. I've talked my way backstage to many shows. Not VH, but I would like to! :)
So I see there are 2 job fairs in town today- they both ended 3 minutes ago. SMH
Our body is a machine for living.It is organized for that, it is its nature. Let life go on in it unhindered-Tolstoy
Also I just got to see , and FINALLY meet spike...who should really have his own twitter account. <3
So high
What do you consider most alarming? A mosque at Ground Zero, or the burning of Korans this weekend?
is Angel feeling better?(:
Hello Summer!
Davy Jones died today. Seems the 60s icons are departing
Tramp stamps at least 10x national average, for sure.
Two more weeks of school for me! Slowest weeks of my life...
Also, will you ship me? #301999 im the one in the profile pic :) xox
Austin i love you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
also ad me to face book under Dawn Reese Show
hehe. Yes, sharing the love!
About to go to sleep awkward was amazing tonight <3 night everyone sweet dreams
If you didn�t get a negative reaction, that means you�re standing neutral and you have no point of view
Any reason why we're being punished not TREATED to Swagger & Gabriel? WTH?
Wish this damn coughing would stop its annoying!!!
Can Detroit make it a Trifecta for the #15 seeds tonight?
Both readings work: "Let them eat cake" & "Let the meat cake"
This is really cool.Thanks for sharing it!
wow you do it all. thanks for the follow.
On with my day
The roomies are gone so I'm doing Insanity in the living room WHILE watching Game of Thrones.
Klingons say a lot of stupid things.
Not me.
"looks like an indefinite relegation for Woodall and ..."
I dont want to get out of bed;P
it's all good that's only a few peoples opinion . But what's it to you if you don't acknowledge it . You feel me !
yoo what's up
Love is everything. It is key to life, and it's influences are those that move the world.
1ST O.J SIMPSON GOT AWAY WITH MURDER BUT LOST EVERYTHING IN THE CIVIL TRAIL ... LITTLE CAYLEE IS LOST FOREVER .... OMG ...
Watch vid. of congr. brief: how states fleece #foster children and thieves steal their identities: www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmNXcA6szUE
Floor decided to allow one more player enter past reg time. Totally sazzled the guy at my table who bet the under on 100 entrants.
There's not one thing beautiful about them:)
Feeling happy, excited, grateful...
Trying to shake this feeling but sometimes its difficult, idk what to do... this mcflurry craving is probably going to win
For what it's worth, your blog is excellent. I get excited when I see a new post from you.
Your Twitter SN is one of my faves. I like
cant be that bad...
But I am your biggest fan... See it's not so bad now is it?
Our ribs today were marinated with pineapple juice, jalapenos and cilantro. Come get your Carribean Jerk Ribs ready now.
ohmygod, I've been able to download Chrome to my work machine this whole time!
For a minute thought you were giving a #fashion forecast. “: Go green! Go white! Go Orange! #michiganstate #Syracuse #NCAA”
he does, I'm sure! :D
Holy shiskabobs Batman I'm fckin wasted :)
#mets in trouble #SFGIANTS gunna take this game..
MISS YOU!
I will tweet the next tweet at 9to5 time ... I hope folks grinding will see it so that they can discuss it Real time .. Better Yet, Do It!
I lived in Europe and it was tough having constant overcast days.
you are so welcome!
Unless you were trying to fix the toaster. My Maw made me buy her a new toaster, as well as a new fork.
I admire your dedication!!! I'm lucky if I can get myself to walk to the car in this cold, let alone run 9.5 miles in it!
Occupy West Hollywood with us tonight! Bring signs.
RIP Patrice O'Neal
Are you a cool cat or just a tough guy? Shoot the peace sign reversed & horizontal in front of the body. Tomorrow: excessive celebration.
LOL.... Ma'am my kids are getting it crackalacking and its only 10am O___________O lol
Text me!! I have to ask you something
I am the law, and the law says to take ur bad music off ur sisters cd u use hahah
This will be an interactive seminar, so remember to bring your laptops. Lunch IS provided.
After 3 months I will attest - IPHONE - best decision EVER.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Ok. Goal is to finish my planning in ONE hour, so I can go to bed early. I'm tired as heck today.
Well thank you kind sir! (:
yeah. sucks. did the fix hope it works. If not - deactivate.
40 pages in the application to MediCal? Facts from #lwv luncheon preso about health reform acts.
I didn't mind watching him stand there!
You're so right! Ugh!
Yummy Italian sandwiches for lunch with the artists prior to start of concert in half hour! Rehearsal sounded great!
Giants winning!!!!
has a lot of work to do after work today; plannin' my 26th Birthday Bash & workin' on gettin' another job! lol Here we go!!! lol
"Google Sites as a new design! Want to try it now?" —Sure, why not. Oh wait, now it's got tons of blank space at the top. Yay.
Its raining hard...again.
say whaaa? I've never had Nicaraguan food but apparently I'm missing out. Any recos?
hey man what was that site again? my twitter somehow misplaced that tweet..
if u know some1 who can raise money well let me know thanx votehenrybrim.com
Holy crap, if I didn't think it'd shave 10 years off my life...I'd drink 10 Dr. Peppers a day.
Translated: Girl, you look good. Won't you back that ass up?
-We are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL for Promoters & DJ's
Just got to the stadium!
that's great! We look forward to seeing you soon.
My inner child is extremely happy after seeing that lol
From this day forward, I'm only gonna smoke on the days ending in the letter "y".
#ChuckNorris floats like a butterfly and stings like a tomahawk missile...At mach 3...In the face.
Can y'all plse follow my other twitter account itz if u follow ill give u a solo S/O
same its amazing <3
We've got our full brunch menu available, right now! On a Friday! In the middle of the day! Plus, 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas, and espresso.
Wondering what the hurricane will bring to Manhattan...
Breaking: is proposing #WDNR become a "charter agency." Permits will rain from the sky. Goodbye science.
": I swear life is so much better if you just love yourself"
no! Go #Broncos!
Opening: Director of Compliance! Must have technical proficiency in all bank regulatory matters and 10 years experience
Paul Heyman is on Raw!
about to destroy healthy food from Aladdins.
not to mention the NBA refs calling their own timeouts...whats that about?
How much better our world would be if each of us respected difference until difference doesn't make any more difference.
#cabernet and #semillon fans - check out our friends at and their Ghost Gum tree!
yeah house cup. Just not august 11th. We have beer fest in Madison :-)
Every day you should ask yourself : "What can I do today, better than I did it yesterday?" Excellence is action, not the result of action.
So, in other words...don't look at me crazy if I say hi before I blow by you ;)
“: You may not take a picture of a rabbit from January to April without an official permit. (Wyoming)” damn right.
You are my holder, Your hands they mold me...
Scheduling #photoshoots for Fitness America in Vegas. No session fee! Contact me to book or questions
single: a man who makes jokes about women in the kitchen. that being said..(insert woman in kitchen joke here)
you like..."oh yea..can work with that...." But lurking BENEATH THE FRAME OF THE CAMERA...... :X
#HappyNewYear We wish everyone a very happy, healthy and prosperous 2012!
Longest two weeks of my life
I notice that patients walking around the hall make everyone nervous, but patients should be walking around the hall, not laying in bed.
burned 243 calories doing 46 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
... urethra into the bladder instead of being ejected externally from the urethra.
you go to vsu?
I'm a Saints fan, but they got what they deserved. Maybe the rule is BS, but they were arrogant and directly dishonest about it
And I guess Adele is better than Beiber?
WORD UP!!!
Trying is failure with honor.
They treat the ladies like queens #primal tonight
^The disciples asked him, “Why then do the teachers of the law say that Elijah must come first?” Jesus replied, “To be sure, Elijah...
I wish I was there or you were here or we were anywhere together.
y i always gotta be sick :[
done! if u haven't already, go follow , , and , then plz do!
& I'll do a lot of crowd watching. my experience at Grimes was not pleasant…a lot of people seemed upset about it (though it was AMAZING)
Today is moving so slow.
Congratulations MT : The other best paper was awarded to Ray R. Larson and Krishna Janakiraman
Are there any practical ways for single or dual flight operational designs compared to say gyro-copters or wearable modifications?
She getta bunch of money, spend it all on drugs. (;
Buying new equipment is always fun!
Let's start with starting times of day first. What is ideal for HS/MS/LS kids? Once we establish that how do we build from there?
to nap or not to nap...
nothing i was just on their myspace and it reminded me. blhehehaslfsehse
Gas fueling huge fire in So. Mpls. Turned off. Will carry a news conference soon. Stay tuned to FOX9 News.
I like the Use Twitter tip.
Guy:So u dont want to hang out with me cuz Im too needy? Girl:Ya. The fact that you are crying now isn't helping either.
allen stone/ push/pull/tear. BADDASS. Daughter turned me on to it.
His baby crying in his sleep lol
Yay we got into public school!
Ok so I was maybe the youngest person there but it was worth it. I hope I have half the energy Tommy Shaw does when I'm his age.
Enterprise Ireland, Irish Learning Showcase, Jay Cross presenting
itll e a lil bit breezy just took stage <3333 m n ugh i lose a battery i cant take pics :(
Wtf? THE STONE? !?!? Owell, glad he hung himself on a DMB note.
Boston loves you man!! Keep up the good work!! Follow BostonOnTheGo?
Why am I trying to see, when there aint nothing in sight
meet someone new then you get attached...
I had a moment of giddiness and excitement when I saw in my mentions; I thought I had won the orange tree.
looks like a great site!
i think it's Magee.
hierarchy then in the sense that humans have an evolutionary responsibility to serve as ecological stewards
Young Charles Darwin didn't like Butler's school. Did Darwin become a great scientist because he was bored?
Share with me the sun
Day 6 of Nona and the kids being in Ghuatemala. I think I'll shower today.
Same to you girl!
When a real man gets his hands dirty, he knws hw to wash them clean n deal with the consequences...
So who will I be seeing at Cincinnati Warped Tour?
ok, I may have alluded to #teamfollowback, but it wasnt a guarantee Bieber fan who cant speak english. No can do. Back 2 trollin4talent ; )
RT -> If #Aquarians catch you lying, it's done. They'll never trust you again. They may forgive, but the trust never fully returns
Mind in one place - heart in another.
Sounds great!
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties
Traditionally, hearings start with expert witnesses, and call citizens seeking to talk about the experiences later.
Can't believe and left #DWTS they were so amazing this whole season! :(
yet people are eating it up like candy.
Looking in the app store... no iBooks2 yet....
A senior's trick to meeting the 20-pg length requirement for my final paper = multiple, long block quotations
hey, im trying to unpack combofix and get at the code you use to install the cmdcons for xp. I'm making an AV cd and I'll trade.
haha yes, I'm originally from Hazleton, PA :)
Nope, as long as we also continue *doing*!
Hang tough, Maria! :)
You are RACIST because you are WHITE.
Thank you! RT : Welcome to Twitter by following them, #ROC folks!
It's Okay Not The Best
thinks the world of free ice cream
Life's a ride enjoy the trip and have no regrets when its done
If incentive comp is what you're looking for, you've come to the right place - COO Evan Ellis intros
oh boy. my hands are paralyzed. need dollar za at the black hole immediately.
Plus You Met My Mother Even If It Was An Accident .
RT Im IN RT : Let's make a deal. It's going to be 100 Thursday. If 100 people RT this then we'll give away 100.
Getting to see her was probably the best part of my day!:)
Happy First Day of Spring! What projects do you have on the list for this Spring?
My son came out of his room and got in my bed and fell back asleep
Hey people :p Follow me :p Tnx :p
Not looking at you - Im looking pass you
probably because you punched me
old christmas songs are soo short ...
#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't sing at least one number from Cabaret.
#DesireThursdays I desire for each of us to locate a brand new- never before uncovered desire today- and savor it
I know! So much to do, so little time! In fact, assembling, stuffing and stamping wedding invitations tonight!
Who going to win the Super Bowl? Specyphi what you Believe....!!!!!!!
Me too! I may have caught up on sleep finally... RT : Still riding the good vibes from #505Stomp!
Good morning! Beautiful day! Overcast is my favorite weather :]
Embrace who you are!
I'm on..Don't see you though..
What Was It Like Being In The
You can do anything you put your mind to.
Get out and vote today, yo.
Everybody deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistakes.
I'm too clingy not to text back.
Yay! It will happen someday!!! :) I love the sound of RSS! :)
You need a cat. :/
Teaching 5 classes in one semester isn't as hard as it sounds. Keeping up with the paperflow from those 5 classes? Brutal.
Tune in ASAP www.radiosupa.com Co hosting live
Moms not picking up And shes not here for mothers day :( gay!! What do I do now?? 😔
Yeah I'm chillin' on a dirt road Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones
true story. “: Subtweeting about an ex means they have won.”
LOL when gets followed by ginger power twitter accounts
Looking forward to an incredible weekend. How about you?
Lol complete opposite
fiesta exhibition opens thursday... lets go!
.....he'll be next season" or "what the future holds". its a shame he was a pretty lame leader. didnt fill
Yeah, I heard about that...glad you guys got it fixed...even though we no longer have a ton load of votes! :( Oh well!
it's a trend, i hear.
When does the season start up again?
Why is it okay for India to launch a new missile but not N Korea? Stop with the double standards people.
If anyone gets any tweet from anyone stating rumors are being said or someone is talking bad about them, don't click the link or reply!!
Men's best successes come after their disappointments. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Idk if I'm more thirsty than hungry or hungry than thirsty ...
follow and please :D x11
Ok... You should have pimp slapped the..... woman!
Can't wait 2 interview Helen owner of tonight!!
Working hard to obtain my dream and goal
Make sure to get to the tonight for the opening of "2 Nights of Carnaval!" Show starts at 9:00, tickets are $12.
oh we know what comes next...
thx for killer IT'S CASUAL w/ preview in for show Fri 5/4 hardcore, metal, mayhem, loudness
Today, we remember those that died on 9-11 & those that continue to be killed as a result of ongoing wars.
Mark Ballas' 'DWTS' blog: Double duty - Asbury Park Press
I love this song. I used to have this record. I think I might go download some.
Thanks for the Tweet love! I'll check out the Essential Ginger Oil! Have a nice weekend.
Thanks for coming in to Mizu for lunch!
my limited guitar skills are turning into a productive constraint
IT'S SO HAWT OUT ☀
[In case you wondered, cleverly-early father's day card inscription currently reads, "Thanks for being the Atticus to my S[cribble]." SIGH.]
Hey there!
it's says I'm offline but I'm really online
or drunk
It's cold as titties outside, can't even finish my cigg. # wasteful
The McMenamins one? That will be a fun vlog!
Sweet!!! I'll follow your pins :)
4 Things That Motivate Employees: Be generous with praise, Get rid of the managers, Make your ideas theirs, Never criticize or correct.
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra!
Hooked it up with the brgr black & white malt tonight! Damn I love NY...
Protect your brand ! You can't be serving steak then substitute it with salisbury steak . Keep it consistent.
Big Bs,
me too bro.. And my skateboard was in there too
“: Big ups from Nashville killed the stage hip-hop is my <3 n killed it fa the lord >>>thanks fam! :)
#freakytweet she say felt lik I created a hole in her stomach..me: didn't know I was in ya stomach it all felt like pussy to me
Pretty little liars asdfghjkl
Thats funny enough. “: I'm knew to this tweet shit. Chatta”
Riot ceo Brandon is really engaged in their community, he's one of the top 0.5% forum contributors! says at
Is it just me, or are reCAPTCHA texts getting weirder and weirder?
i so wish i was downtown right now
I won't mention panda's
I think you are just what I've been looking for...what you think?
is Raelert bleeding or is my screen resolution just weird?
Thank you! for reminding me. My mahjong friends won't forgive me if I haven't seen this.
Yes! RT SPS_Hockey SPS 4 BBN 1. SPS goes on the road and scores 4 unanswered goals to start the season 2-0. Next game at St. Mark's on Wed.
Where did you have the brew?
The wealth builders club free training call was very exciting today. Join me for Thursdays call.
Just got the most amazing email from former student who thanked me for encouraging her to write everyday. She's graduating from law school!
I'm lonely, life is meaningless, for all that I have loved has left, and all that is left has no love, i wish for dreams, dream about wishes
Just blocked Do NOT need a tweet every few minutes reminding us to buy your useless merchandise!
I can't wait for May 1st. Just to put on some pads and hit someone!
We will be in Seven Hills tomorrow at The Fall Fest and Chili Cook-Off! Come check us out! W.greatlakesclothingcompany.com
well I'm prayin she sends it fast!
Quote: "A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes." Mark Twain
So guess what ?!
Protesting is a great idea, but in light of the emergency situation in Lincoln County this move should be rethought.
Only because I want you to understand and like me! :)
I know who you are where you work and you better hope I don't find you!
is wondering why Joe Buck is so fixated on
VEN A URUGUAY PLEASE!
Crappy site says you don't know what you're doing. No site says you might not even be a Uxer; that's probably worse.
Rejection letter from #agent who looked so good. Eh. Goes with the territory.
to what song ?
Watching nfl live. Gets me pumped for football season!
Thanks Kelly! It was nice meeting you! You guys did some good work yesterday!
just had somone spill the entire contents of their water bottle in my gym bag.....full of ALL my clothes.....yay!
Super excited about the organic veggie CSA share I won today - thanks to for sponsoring!!
Being lazy...
Canada could develop a similar TV format to P&T's Fool Us! In the place of P&T we would have our 4 world champion magicians. Who are ?
You dont really want my heart
UGH. fml. i hate people. end of story. GOODBYE.
Whole Foods in Wexford got it too
S/o to smile
I ate too fast...now I feel sick >.<
it's no "Throw Deep," but it's aight.
Its my 3rd day back on Lexapro and I feel worse then before I started
Let's prep it out
:I know what you mean, young lady!
The amount of Dora product I purchase is questionable.
I know #TheBachelor was unreal but how was your #fundip ?
Trying to get Best Buy to deliver my washer is like the movie Brazil. " call the warehouse". Warehouse: "you need to call the store"
im in gen assembly a. Where r u?
Beatles Fact: The Beatles had sold 1M records by 1985 & had 21 #1 singles in the U.S. Enjoy the music...#RetroOnThePatio May 10th
oh cool (: ahaha
I'd err on the side of "I'm sorry."
Thank you! Will do~
thank for the mention. hava a great week-end!!!
yeah sure -anna
Its called "Brutally" Honest because it hurts.... now take those tears to someone who cares
Nice. Its going to be fun. We had dinner @ TH Lighthouse tonight btw. It's was delicious & a great view of bay & DT. Thank U
aww you are adorable! It makes me tear up sometimes too not gonna lie haha! :)
ill see what i can do. We'll need too. Try to track down Mr Wooten!
That was the best nap ever
Lots of sunshine and seasonable temps today around Central Ohio. It's going to get cold tonight... details in just a few minutes on 10TV!
I want her to read my mind !
True life in haiku.
“: Oh shit I'm really high yo”
in no way was that directed at y'all, I just meant that all these people are all of the sudden "life-long" Rangers fans
No untroubled day has ever dawned for me. ~ Seneca
Usher AND Will Ferrell on SNL tonight?? I think I just jizzed my pants.
Good luck for a safe race #SPEEDF1 , not a chance I'll make it to 2AM, thank god for DVR.
To anyone following me - PLEASE do not add me to any farms or Marcia's etc
it's these wireless cameras and router. There killing me!
#BayArea Families: Photographer debuts new #childrensbooks on baby animals in the wild tomorrow, 5/15 at 4pm
TAKE IT TO THE HEAD ^_^
How the hell did i manage to lose all four of my chapsticks in this whole moving process
I know! And Beastie Boys reminds me of you and a few friends, actually. At least one song from when we were in h.s.
we are al about making dreams come true!
YES IT IS! My son Prince Wolfe Fluffay will reign when his father is gone HIAIL PRINCE FLUFFAY HAIL
lol I do that at the beach house cuz I hate making those stupid bunk beds -.-
ive been obsessing with stuck in the middle by four year strong lately
are paola & jenny really calling each other and not saying anything?.. well yolo
Why is this FUNNY to me!?! | “: Who woke up next to one of their followers?”
So damn excited! Leaving for Florida tomorrow morning!
There's a dalmation and everything. Neighborhood women are starting to congregate.
For a time, I tried training cockroaches to eat the stink bugs. The damned things didn't take to the lessons, though.
I also published my first fiction e-book this past weekend with another scheduled out by the end of August! Man I love writing! :)
Aw BABY!
Winky the cat is needing lots of attention today, lots of purring & eye squeezes, but spilling many beads!
been studyin for this test since 7 i betta pass
ah yes... the Truman Show and Groundhog Day are the same movie: escape = illusion, while living a #medialife = last day of Groundhog Day.
"Would you like to try our new Junkyard Dog?" "Umm no thanks that sounds pretty disgusting" omfg! xD
Stop by smoothie king after an organic body scrub to fill up and feel fresh from the inside out!
Another 5% for the Dow. Almost 7% for the Nasdaq. Should be a very exciting week.
Dorito Loco Taco from T-Bell be burning my heart with love
Ahahaa xD I wonder who that could be.
This is a fantastic way to recap #Luck: character IS structure. Also, more essays need to be written about Dennis Farina.
Someone I hardly know commented on one of my pictures on Facebook, saying "You look like you should be on the news." Oh, if he only knew...
I GOT MONEY IN THE BANK
Got sick so im going home
Stopping for a taco always makes me late.
#3wordsaftersex dam im married
No matter what you do or what you say, people will always start shit and talk about you in a bad way. It's life. Deal with it, and smile.
Watching COLLEEN, a 1936 musical starring Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, and (sigh...) Joan Blondell, with songs by Harry Warren and Al Dubin.
#TerrificThursday have a great day :)
Hey Browns fans, where you think Peyton Manning will end up?
hahahaha she needs to have more parties like that.
I know!! But the pool is worth it!! Plus it's month to month and no sign up fee!! Trade with me :)
good to know I'm not the only one :)
officially hasn't cal only taken UK to the final four?
Sometimes you should look foward to the future & forget about the past, because whats done is done & whats ahead is a mystery.
@ the Farm xD
“Do not...keep children to their studies by compulsion but by play.” - Plato
Thanks for joining me on Twitter :)
A cat food commercial made me cry..in my defense, they used a stinking marriage proposal and it threw me off.
What to wear what to wear??!!
eat u out till u wet the bed.
Picking up my wife then getting out of the cold.
I still listen to ELO.
Deuces Boston!!✈
IT CAME OFF! :)
So glad our crew from are back from #SXSW. Next time, we're sneaking into suitcases.
Great game 5 victory Red Wings. Let's get another victory in game 6 on Tuesday.
so worth it.
: "you never thank me for the bracelets i give yo so......" implying you didn't thank for the cd So your saying is revoked.
Instagram is finally out for the Android. IE people like me who can't afford to run an iphone
ok. i made a tumblr. now what
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot
God has put way too many stupid people in this world just to test me
I could listen to only Mayday Parade for the rest of my life and be totally fine with it
": I tongue kiss her other tongue."-skeet skeet skeet water gun
The short and medium term goal for Africa is not to compete with China but to compete with foreigners in accessing African markets
Cat Fact: Domestic cat is the only cat to hold its tail vertically. Wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs.
#FF recommendations More of our gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers You are the best!
Can I join?☺
pick up your phone!!
Very insightful today Biff. No sarcasm,The majority of this generation has fallen into the trap of "what society wants me to do"
BREAKING: market has strawberry lemon pistachio croissants today.
It's just about snack time. :)
That was a mighty fine cupcake. I had the Royale w/ Cheese I definately recommend. Can't wait until you open at end of Sept.
Who's in orlando come see me im here 2hrs lol
Wifi on the 2nd floor of convention center is nonexistent. Wish I could connect to virtual conference programs. :(
Thanks for the introduction. , Look forward to hearing all about the upcoming Miami photo-walk you have planned!
Had such a great weekend at the #XLCenter in #Hartford. How was everybody else's weekend?
are you showing the Dark Knight Rises prologue?
Such a lazy day. I just want to sleep...
for sure.. I'm just curious now watching the HL's and seeing his height what better franchise to learn from right now
mine sounds more like a cackle...>:)
Chase isn't even that good looking of a car... I'm just saying
. #UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
About to watch Sherlock Holmes and maybe Up in the Air, too.
Saw #RidleyScott's Robin Hood this week. Really great telling of the famous story. Thoroughly enjoyable.
EDM is Taking Over!
Excellent meal tonight at Publican Quality Meats...but very full. Can't believe I used to these types of dinners much more frequently.
really regretting not keep Hamilton as one of my keepers this year
I love all of your food pics! I need to join you on your food adventures!!
Thank you so much!
Whats the joke?
how is it tht wen i need a favor bitches aint there, but when they need sum they on mah doorstep in a min. fukk yuh too bitch.
Starting fresh on twitter
"I highly recommend buying this ring if you like things that are unique you won't be disappointed."
Will a lip liner serve as a pen? Sitting in the N'ville airport...heading to Ca
When I grow up I wanna be just like , but taller. #FollowFriday (via )
On further thought, you probably mean you're having a put it all together and wash your hands of it party, right?
bvt has been representin on ctp love, i must say. thass all you girl. all you. ps YOU come HERE. i'm in knox this week, dang.
Check out these exhibitors at
LOL what a prank.
happy birthday Keith!(:
To all of the Katja Blichfeld TV intensive peeps: have fun!
Tomorrow is the day .. St. Ignatius.. were coming.
its never too late! ;)
Thank you!! RT : I just saw you on fox 12 news! Great job!
Fuckin gorgeous outside right now
Call my show the next time you hear something you don't like..easier to talk that way. Enjoyed the chat. Have a nice night.
Great great GREAT morning!
Pville power out. Not cool... literally.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!!!
sorry. And I don't anymore!
I hear ya there. But really, stay safe.
My herb garden is exploding.
RT OK, the Internet is awesome. There is a out there doing gods work.
some of mine won't even take a hint
Almost got 'doored' while running on Farwell. That's never happened before.
Can't sleep. APUSH college board exam in three hours. 😥
did we have Spanish?
We're open 11am-4pm today, T.B.A.G. specials & delicious galore!
Agree it can get tiresome. Especially in year 17. It's a tradition.
Far more upset than I should be over someone I've never met. Still feels like we all lost something. Capitalism lost a good one.
hugs...from Florida
whip out and he'll run away cause she's an 👽
What's it like going to a birthday party with wine collectors and somms? Awesome, coming up Sunday but will make for a rough Monday!
: is the best for so many reasons.
Up next, How To Deal With Negative Word of Mouth with
yup! I got a combo for 25 bucks. It was a 6 ft pole and that reel.
Some of its recorded tho cuz how they show all them previews n idk
Marketing takes a day to learn. Unfortunately it takes a lifetime to master - Philip Kotler
RT : "I don’t write for children," Maurice Sendak told Stephen Colbert. "I write. And somebody says, that’s for children."
I tried. Didn't work....
Im tired of being sick. I'd rather be in school 😓
why do i keep getting missed calls from you? STOP CALLING ME.
ya same thang happened.. its Koo.. just has its days
“: Be the one who everyone wants, not the one who everyone's had.” 100% agreed
I am so lucky to have y'all
Yea Me to
and I should just not be friends
Sir, I officially adore your blog,.. I'm certain I'll love your fiction. Good to meet you.
yeah I know! Don't remind me lol
started putting together a new fiction piece over the last couple of days and it landed me straight in the realm of KISS cover bands. yikes.
Change Ppl make me sick
Web standards are important to all. We broaden our audience through respect of different styles & abilities thru technology.
RT - "The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge, but Imagination!" -Albert Einstein #quote #life (via )
graveyard movies tonight at 4am. VIVA LAS VEGAS plus WILD GUITAR. where else can you relax with a zombie and a double feature at 4am?
she's only opening up for certain concerts :) is also another opening act in other concerts.
haha i know, Its just for fun!(:
There is Power in the spoken words. The power of life and death is in your tongue. What you speak with total belief.. will happen.
I don't think you wanna no cause I think u wouldn't be happy
thanks for the reminder! i brought it today :)
It's crunch time for me. But for like 7+ weeks 😁
LOL, yeah, I should really put it on my CV it certainly demonstrates time-management and teamwork skills!
Hahaha woooot. Btw I was up all Night hearing things and people talking outside at 4 a.m.
I can't wait to be with you girls! And to finaly meet you, Mandisa!
Mad Men time.
Great! Hope the computer donations keep coming in!
well then. but mines better. you wouldn't have copied it if it wasnt and you know it. and oh Julie go home. 🏠😒
mad late... With dat info huh
That is very true, it's more a concern of political junkies, I don't think normal people necessarily think that way.
There are times when you wish you could help, but know you can only make it worse
i see
Congratulations to all the winners & everyone who participated in our Annual Antonio Meucci's Young Inventors' Competition!
It's "Shield Nickel Day" celebrating the 1st U.S. Nickel which was minted this day in 1866.
.I saw itz
Okay, so I got an iPhone...can I be cool now?!
goodmorning to you!
Who cares if we're all morally bankrupt and they've taken our liberties, as long as we have a few dollars in our pockets?
Happy 2nd anniversary of the Serve America Act!
You're welcome. Keep up the good work :)
Did just get on Tiny Chat!?!?!?
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 :) 6
I love your hair in your profile pic!
ping me if interested RT “: Getting Shit Done. The #SWRedmond meta-pitch. Building the team before the idea.”
I really don't want to deal with this right now, shitty night.
I loved it. The food is really good and the service is excellent :-)
Good practice today. Only a couple herpdederp moments at shortstop. Good swings.
Sorry I didn't get your call at 2:30 in the morning haha This old guy was in bed
Maui Chinese New Year is Sat. Jan 28. Year of the Dragon! The lion will be here sharing goog fortune for all! 12,000 people to attend!
Good morning. Happy Easter!
I been Great How bout u?
clique dynamics are too fun man
RT RT : Closing Prayer: God, my comforter, grant me your peace that I may find rest and renewal in you.
Not going anywhere are you??!!
All day, I've been grading the worst kind of essay revisions: the ones that ignore 30 errors to fix 1… and create 3 more.
...i got yelled at so much today it was ridiculous.
Love your Pic!!
I agree. you should be on the platforms that your audiences is using, right?
Pisces: You may be feeling stress that arises from your unrealistic desire to avoid ... (via )
Lazy Saturday...
I agree
i just saw two guys that looked EXACTLY like Josh Hutcherson and Liam Hemsworth so im like 'HOLY CRAP THE HUNGER GAMES IS FILMED HERE?!'
Rolling Stones on repeat. Who's with us?
hey I just saw your message...feel free to spin our tracks.. thanks man
WE SHOULD GO
Graduating in June 2012? Don't forget about the MANDATORY Career Services Grad Seminar! There's one today - May 16 @ 3 pm, Room 254
is a bitch for winning those hamburgers in TV production... I ain't gonna lie, though. He had a pretty funny video. >->
doing "The Last 5 Years" tonight and tomorrow night! it's now one of my favorite shows...great music!
Jen from MTV real world and challenges used to be hot to me.. kinda boring now, lol
Today you can solve a problem or create one...Let's GO
What was this week the week for hit and runs?
Really great REAL people to #FF:
Ha ha. Very soon :-)
Listening to the awesome Philip Glass piano album by
Saw an incredible block of documentary shorts, perfectly paired; kudos to ! Plays again tmrw
Finally! + works with my Sony Bravia TV!!!
Can't wait for summer
tweet please follow me btw ilove your page
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. - Edmund Burke
Jersey shore reruns
So when are you guys heading home?
RT I think you can make $ improving hc or by maintaining status quo. should call out the latter
Thanks for the follow and What makes you tweet?
At the W Hotel on Lex - taking a time out!!!!
0 Awards honor excellence in leveraging SaaS technologies
thanks everyone for following our page, if you guys need anything at all... we are here to listen and give the best advice we can.
Andre The Giant isn't sure that word means what you think it does...
#SXSW has taken over #ATX, but is any one checking out any gallery exhibitions this week? Whatchu up to
Happy Birthday Celine Dion! Thank you for being such a great supporter of Joel Robuchon in Las Vegas!
Luv it! “: R u food lovers following ? There's a super crew behind that app who just wanna share good eats with u!
referral partners R "icing on the cake".. The cake is my BIZ (dbase, blog, lead gen....) & working it hard evry day
Everythings a dollar
Heck yes! I played that all the time when i was younger! I'll come play with you (; hahaha in my dreams! :D x
Kick some ass Olivi! I'll be watching (I'm forcing everyone on the cruise to watch too - even the old people).
provided the awesome, delicious lunch and PDX provided the sunshine/vitamin D!
I normally don't drink..but what the heck. This is your night baby. *pecks your cheek*
Been riding all morning. My legs hurt. Lol
Brandon Marshall to the Bears and Randy Moss to the Niners..... Which move is better?
We support local radio stations (7 in fact) not shows/personalities/comments etc.
Generally speaking I speak generally.
thanks John- a really goof laugh. Did you ever work for a guy like that?
We all are #Beautifulpeople !
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
Like RT : Well, when is getting an #sxsw showcase? Think of the brand awareness via twitpics we'd get!
Declared that 's spirit animal is Bam Margera.
My next car is going to be a foreign biotch. I don't discriminate..no not at all..
Cigarette after sex oh yes
Bulldogs run by Blue Streaks
Some quotes from the physio yesterday: 'you're body is quite weird', 'normal people can reach 12 inches you can only reach two'...
We've got a plane full of librarians here. Do you think they'll make us fill out ILL forms before deplaning?
Pead did not dominate Big East enough for our #s, plus FUM as SR and inj. are concerns ... I'm personally rooting for him.
Enjoying my lunch outside.. . ☀
I cannot Like posts, cannot Comment, cannot Update Status. In other words, everything is completely unresponsive.
The SD River isn't the place to dump linoleum and foam insulation. What we put in the river washes out to our beaches & bays
Good to meet you too - def. lets connect some time!
GO RAMS!! RT : Say it loud. Say it proud.
o so that,mean u can tweet me all day,lol
Going to job shadow! This should be fun!!(:
ReachLocal to Present at 40th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
On my way to the Ted right now. Anybody know what kind of delay we'll be looking at?
The whole upstairs of my house smells like New Car Scent...just because i left one of those damn air fresheners on my dresser.
Dave Chappelle's picture is perfect. follow , its actually him.
Hi Stuart! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
things are always easier said than done :/
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Berry Chill - Dessert (live updates)
Your Welcome!
I'm only 6 followers away from 700. which means I'm only 306 away from 1000, which means I'm only 999,306 away from 1 million
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
you need the practice
good still waiting for yall to come down to west palm beach with a concert
YOU'RE getting a vulnerable animal, and YOU'RE getting a vulnerable animal .... YOU'RE ALL GETTING VULNERABLE ANIMALS!!!
Nolan's growth as an action director between Begins and TDK was staggering. Less shaky cam and better pacing of scenes.
Guess its timee to skip Plan A & Plan B ... and str8 to Plan C
almost there!!!
ha good one. Great musical. Keep 'em coming. I've Decided I'm going to doc my reconnecting w/pop music sensation "hanson"
Power does not reside in the individual but rather in the relationship of the person.
Laws aren't only found in statues and constitutional enactments. Laws are also set by precedent. There are even unwritten laws.
Not that anybody cares, but I have nothing nice to wear to work then go straight to dinner w/o looking like a haggered grump
you're so cute
Success is what I'm made of.
I wish you were here
Hanging out, talking about 's mustache. Despite never having met
dont be afraid to erase old cute text messages. if he's truly special, he will never grow tired of sending you those same ones
Contact D30 today for all ur promotions & marketing!!!
Actor Cliff Robertson died yesterday of natural causes a day after his 88th birthday. He was Uncle Ben in the Spiderman movies.
me too, fwiw, but it's a losing battle :)
#nowplaying .. Madonna feat. Nicki Minaj - I Don't Give A ..
I was kidding .... u know how they save all the dramz for the after show? It's like they milk the show for all it's got
I wanna cookie. Yes, that's a feeling ^_^
Have you seen their breakfast menu?? We've been craving it all day...we would settle for a taco though!
Good morning! “Take action in order to move toward your goals.” - Les Brown
I have a nice house. A nice car. A amazing family. Heck, I have an amazing life!
I need greasy pub food tonight. Perogies in a sandwich, deep fried in chicken wings. Nope, I'm not pregnant.
my mom said thank you:)
Home from work today, sick. Any miracle cures out there?
I think you're scrimshawed on the backs of my eyelids.
get your 1$ breakfast sandwich coupon ampm !! M to much good stuff
LOL oh my.. name rank and serial # huh
Writing about internal comms best practices for an article on change mgmt. Looking for pros to interview. Reach out if you're interested...
Woke up in the night thinking there was a bug on my face & freaked out. ACTUALLY my nose stud slipped out of place. Now I've gotta find it.
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers. ~Mignon McLaughlin
Checking out the fabulous talent over at Reverbnation!
Glad you enjoyed your lunch!
#Nuggets must ATTACK ATTACK ATTACK!!!
#Wondercon is near. Con pet peeve: "Geeks" who rave about playing #Zelda. Every mother fucker with an #NES played that!
no u want her to have big every where
Seems like an odd time of the year to be shooting off fireworks but apparently, somebody who lives nearby doesn't think so!
just presented to the Career Prep Fellows at the Management Leadership for Tomorrow Conference at the Target HQ today
I love celebrity news as much as the next guy, but paparazzi really need to get a life and a real job. Leave people alone.
How does twitter? Sometimes when I open the twitter app, I start at the top of everyone's tweets, other times I start 25+ tweets down
Ate great pizza raw food restaurant in Toronto. Oh and the raw pumpkin pie was unreal. Have it with the raw ice cream.
Roy Hibbert bout to get himself paid huge money if he keeps playing like this,
Why is it that only French people and very old people like me?
Haha, you are hilarious:)! Aw thank you ma'm:)!
Everyone knows that cats crave grass. Instinctive Choice canned cat food contains dog grass extract.
The Weather Channel app is not on my good side. I've been burning up on runs bc it thinkgs it's far colder than it really is. Not ideal.
I still can't believe that Baylor is still seated
Wasted excitement for HBO tonight, Kermit lost pre-bout with the horseshoe cut, and Alvarez still not the deal, Kirkland savages him!
#girlbyenotwiththem tims you got on with shorts!
I sure hope so. The Clippers are mighty unlikable. RT ": This series is over. Grizz ain't losin in Memphis."
wait i love men hacked by jacob peirce hacked by Kodi
Nope nothing like it especially when your grandson is on the league - makes me miss my little sunshine
haha yeah sorta.lol..yeahh it is but i like dangerous minds more,its one of my favorite movies! hahah.(:
First night of the year sleeping in summer shorts! Buh-bye winter pj's!
Hi Mr. Kerry Douglas! Good to finally meet you on the One Love Cruise...blessings!
Good turnout for Dublin crime meeting after string of robberies...we'll hear concerns from biz owners at 11
"You are what you eat" ...Thats funny, I don't remember eating a legend lately..” YOU ARE A LENGEND :D
we love you...
Phantom of the opera with my baby <3 he actually likes it
Thanks for follow-back. Actively opposing guns in bars, and many gun-related articles on my site.
Half off dinner this Mon & Tues @ Clifton Inn.
My neck is killing me too tonight. I'm just gonna go on and stay up til 7:00 put my video tape on then sleep. Can't wait to see him.
They thought it was pretty cool to watch. Haven't braved it enough to go outside. It's damn cold out there!
I don't know why I even bother to try and nap. My phone rings off the hook and I'm a dumbass that won't turn it off in case of emergency.
Composer, singer, director, choreographer and UCLA Regents' Lecturer Meredith Monk will be at UCLA for a weeklong residency...
Hitting a few games in June, thats when I'll check out casino too! RT
Hah! We used to try playing differently and then got the betting game. It usually results in more pies for me...
did you just watch the "unbearable lightness of being?"
Lol. Its easy (;
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jawaharlal Nehru -
just did an audition for a michael bay produced ad for LG Transformers...awesome!
Most definitely!:)
not right now because im still talking to him ...
City Liquidators is looking to hire a new person for our office!
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!!
Start your day off right with breakfast from Wit a Schmear & earn an additional 20% #cashback reward on any purchase on Mondays!
Happy Birthday Francis Ford Coppola.
This is pathetic
It's gonna be hard, but I gotta let him go </3
Nice roundup, and thanks!
You are the wind beneath my wings NBAPlayoffs
That's a great photo. 3 of my favorite ppl. The man who inspired to do music & 2 others that helped 2 formulate my style. GOD bless
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
Speakin of speed what happen to my cash:-)
www.Twiddla.com: a free collaborative, no-setup, web-based white space to mark up websites, graphics, and photos, or brainstorm online.
Fort Skeezy ain't seen the likes of me yet
thanks for the follow....keep tweeting
Shes got what I need.
MT : Employers here in ALA JobLIST Placement Center looking for job seekers. Open house thru noon; stop by DCC Hall C.
Ultra bored, its saturday.. I shouldn't be home.
excited to network with PR professionals tonight at the mixer
Always and forever :D bitches just be trippin for no reasonn
Where's the snow, yo?
That means a tremendous amount to me. Thank you so much :) Very kind of you!
Nothin Much, Just Workin On My Story :)
Wearing your seat belt is so uncomfortable. No wonder why I normally dont
my best friend was killing it in the basketball game 2 day!!!!!! Ayyyeee!! Gold 4 the girls, black for the boys!!
Damn i hope ur alright rae!?
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit."~Aristotle
so ready for you to be here already!!! <3
RT : Working at The Sailor's Muse today w/ Having a hard time finding lezbo music to listen to. Help
I see that our former goalie just signed a contract extension with St. P.
You do you are the light when every things dark. When all else fails I look at you. You are a knight in shining armor. (cont.)
why is it weird again? Lol
Yeah, that happened to me on Sunday, my mouth just DROPPED!
A jet ski would've been a more efficient mode of transportation in LA today.
Happy Birthday Heather J!
lol you just stoped talking but you can come back in
Northstar is my favorite band. Perfect music, always.
Hey sweetheart Ariana♥ How are you? So good to read your tweets everyday ! I love you so much♥
RT : Positive Vibes &amp; Good Energy.
Never violate the mother lion of a vicious cub. At all. Period.
Invite received. Thanks again!
IM ON SOME OTHER SHIT! (PLIES VOICE)
let me try to unfollow someone and try it again
you should go to the pound and rescue one, buying dogs from breeders is lame
haha. they are overrated & awkward, i don't blame you
that makes so much more sense in my world view. That's awesome.
Maybe that will stop the bunting. Probably not, but maybe
Dearest karmau if u could "do ur thang" to the person that hit my car parked on the street that would be great, even better if I could watch
it would probably be my most prized possession.
◊ You mean what about other people's samples? There were two others stored with Braun's I hear, both tested normal.
i kinda miss it
Ready for the circus to move on
Finalizing stuff for the week ... 3 day weekend!
One of the originals. You clearly missed the point.
It's the perfect rainy LA morning for some tea.... I'm thinking high mountain Oolong.
Plan your holiday party with Send us a DM!
Reichman concerned that fair use may be taken to the WTO. That has been a threat for years. I think it would pass the test.
excellent! We are delicious ;o). Looking forward to meeting you. We love all of our customers.
you shouldn't judge maybe he has back issues
Pretty sure you would just transfer that worry onto something else.
haha no its fine! i don't really care I have told him a million times I'm not going #crazykid lol
just keep following people!!!
just came to check up night guys :)
Just played basketball without Can't wait to play him next
RT- I bet at least knows how to spell -Who cares ya fuckin fag eat shit and die
rule of law; freedom; human rights; dignity; justice and equality for all Egyptians. Are you willing to put that down on paper?
Today's Pizza of the Day is Chicken with Tomato, Basil and Garlic Cream Sauce. Just $12. Free Toasted Ravs if you mention this Tweet.
I've liked every one I've used. I've lost several. So just find one that comfortably fits your hand and pocketbook. :-$
Who knew that is from Rochester? #worldcupfinal Via Her brothers bar must be going wild!
Skyward I meant
...OMFG..I JUST JIZZED I LOVE IT!!
All of us only have so much sand left in the hourglass and one day our sand will run out. The time to risk is now and the great ones know it
you got it! I'd love to see you perform again!!!
i guess romney's advance team didn't get that gen election memo MT : RT : Christine O'Donnell here at Romney DE event
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and coach mcmac or whatever
Most of the people I know crave attention but end up embarrassing themselves trying to get it
LA County Fair was a lot of fun.
im watching the happening for the first time.
Watt'age in the house at Reliant Stadium! Can you feel the electricity in #Houston!?
I love this!!!
It's Tuesday again!! LADIES Night @ LIMA 1401 K. ST. (LADIES 21+=FREE B4 12 on Katie's List) TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810
this peanut butter is making a fool of me
Thank you for the mentions! Enjoy making it an awesome Monday!
Eager to read yours: MY LIFE WITH STELLA KANE.
Everyone looks hotter with a better smile :) 212-265-7150
Enjoyed speaking with you!! Thanks for visiting DC! Love the Show!
The pre-sale is on... will you get tickets before the show sells out??
good for you..You do look great:)
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Terrorists planning to use innovative plastic and body implanted bombs aimed to avoid U.S.DHS and TSA detection, according to U.S. gov't.
ouch! If I see jalapeño bananas on women's faces all day, I'm blaming you.
your not wasting your time bud
Ouch! Hope the drugs do the trick but remember pain killers and Twitter don't mix!
"Army of Darkness" is an imperial stout that just recently released. (Like, yesterday.)
Just watched "Eat, Pray, Love" FANTASTIC! should be called Eat, Pray, Drink! 597 bottles of wine were consumed in the making of this movie.
New outreach to Las Vegas coming this May!
There's something about men that drive trucks ;*
Has anyone else noticed the racial undertones in the new #snapple diet half'n'half commerical? Just me?
Isn't it like almost 3? LolRT i'm bored
@#HowToSurviveAHorroMovie Don't be black, having sex, or blonde.
Can I at least give you an awkward hug?
I feel terribly uncomfortable right now..
m! What varietal?
Among NL teams, the Giants have the lowest BA. against Wolf (.217).
RT : Just saw The Lucky One. Can I be the lucky one to have Zac Efron in my... boat? Hahah inaprops!
not if the kids are unable to explain what they're getting checks for-as was the case today in the class I saw!
Prices for the same cartridge can vary between different retailers too, so it pays to shop around
I think I have drag Momma ...
- Take o'brien to the empty trophy cases and tell him he can be the first UW QB to get crystal ball!
This is the first time I've seen the today show in probably 8 years.
That was such an awesome night for a ride; the beer was good and I met some new friends at Joy Machines too, Ohio City was jumpin!
Wow! You inspired a million people with one video AND you gave me the best cry I've had in a while. THANK YOU!
Treat me the way you expect to be treated
Listening to Michelle Obama's horrible rendition of emotion makes me gag. She lies!
Demsey's is on fire!
I hope those squirrels are dead wrong!
Having NFL network for Thursday night games is cool, working Thursday evening is not...
Tranexamic Acid spray STOPS bleeding on contact – you should have a bottle on hand this summer! Call 412-681-6400
Who wants to be my 500th follower? Just one away.
hopefully!! And it will happen for you too 1 day ok! :) <3
Relatable, humble, patient, & have their best interest at heart
That feeling u get when u finally listen 2that beat just rendered & it sounds perfect!
RT “To those who lean on the ever outstretched arm of the Infinite, life is big with limitless possibilities.”-Ernest Holmes
Since when did you have a twitter?!!!
Sounds great to me! Hit me up with what you think.
Frequency with which I hear abt doing spin classes makes me concerned he's going to leave #NewGirl to be a spin instructor.
I kept it so real witcha that I was blind.
What do you think of our #Non-Tip #Hookah #Stands? We'd love your feedback!
I put Ray on all the best restaurants in Lansing 😁 I'm amazing
You find out who your friends are...
I like #instagram! Mainly cause I LOVE pictures and capturing the moment
I've been here 30 some years and almost have a good grasp of the mother tongue. ;-)
Happy Monday all...visiting Marvin Colon in Orlando, Florida setting up networking events...www.marvincolon.com check us out..
Advertising now is more targeted by determining who is viewing it -- tailor the copy and images
ME ME ME ME ME OVER HERE ME!!!!RT : #24HOURS #BOYFRIEND who's excited ?
I hope I get to work with Dre one day just to freek his ass out... Since people say I look like pac.
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays to all!!!
Need help finding a rental? Give Tony a call @ 775-826-1414
I'm starting to think of my post-graduation days as a promise land where I get to read what I want to read.
& VIP party at starts now!
This is the jam... Yep. Just said that out loud...
lol top of what?
That Polish was delicious, and your music was also wonderful. I love Social D.
I am on the cusp of making custom art card sleeves, and I would love to make some with the Team Unicorn logo.
Ill be sure to think about that while at work today...
Hope to see all of you showing up at CREAM STEREO LOUNGE tonight its gonna be madness come check it out in Scottsdale.
Catering by #GoddessandGrocer really hits the spot. The chopped salad dressing? Divine.
oh I know. is having major issues about it right now. The game is everywhere in Westport EXCEPT the Beaumont.
shuttle plane just flew over dc. cool view from the office in Tyson's.
glad to see u r swinging back to Tigger:)
Idk how this boy talking and he anit got No teeth
Determination and Perseverance is the key to success, I'm on my way ain't no turning back now
New day, rain & grey, inspiration held at bay...come back sun rays, don't wait to many days
Why is there a Madagascar 3?
With 9% unemployment, Obama 100% backs 50% of a pipeline that gets 0% of oil to the gulf.
I was asking Becky who to call and she called Facilities on our behalf. Hopefully it will be cleared b4 tonight.
"#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Milfs over everything" only at nova my mans hahaha
Hope you're all having a wonderful winter break! What're some of your holiday plans?
Help others this Holiday Season. Tell us about your cause and let us share the message.
Another long day
same here when I hear testing I think BLAAAAAAHHHHH :-)
#England General Hooker was classic American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
I just want some for the house. Party of one! lol
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.~ Vince Lombardi
Drink in my cup >>>
Going to testing center to sit for VCP5 test
Thesis: submitted.
The day the music died?
Happy Thanksgiving to all of the NKYSPORTS.com family. Turkey today, high school football tomorrow!
You're welcome! RT : Thank you so much for the tickets! I received them yesterday and was very happy :)
Fire alarm testing all morning. MAKE. IT. STOP.
That was stupid granger
They bring us no peace... :[
i heard Ice-cream makes Californians poop.. is that true?
My cuz posted this and I had to copy and paste..."Black church, Y y'all trippn now? You don't trip at the weekend musicals do u?...."
hell yeah
Dear Warner Bros. CUT THE BUDGET if necessary, S5 can be John Noble reading a phone book in the lab for 13 episodes!
Diamond chains black range double cup no stains..
BIG shout out to for the great Honor Flight meals.
Redemption Choose to write your own Comeback story You're not alone
I can't Sunday. I'm entertaining out of town friends. I might be free tonight. Dunno yet!
officially on twitter. anyone wanna tweet me or ??
I'm killing the planet one flight at a time.
Maybe you're not lying. I just remember I picked the Kings.
Thanks to and the lovely Mavris for one of my fav nights in Indy
with drinking and watching #whitneyhouston videos.. I have nothing!!! RIP!
Dyson is super creepy about cleaning.
4-H. We do a lot of volunteering.
Um good morning!! I just saw Luke Perry as I walked in to intern at the acting studio just a moment ago! Still cute, but not 90210 cute!
Looks interesting. #Detroit history deserves some docs.
My chemistry class is the worst ever. I have to write a paper before 2 today and clean my room by 2. Oh yeah. This is going to be fun.
When you have pit stains on a shirt.. I think its time to throw it away... nasty
I don't really be on here boo
Just had a great meeting and visit with the retired teachers from Elkhart County. Thank you for serving students!
I had the worst lingering headache since early this afternoon. Late night Chinese just fixed this! I hadn't eaten anything all day.
Finally home after a long week. My baby girl is so strong. So proud of her.
Video blog alert! Watch , and I take a first look into the steamer trunk
so excited to be going out to #CA World 2011 in Las Vegas next week! Come see #FiberLight by the
Hearts on Fire! Rocky 4 must be on. Classic
Just "stuff". And maybe an empty public building. MT: What are libraries without librarians? - #harvarddebate"
Unfortunately, they love my screen door.
And I wanted to marry him RT : When I was in high school, I wanted to be Lloyd Dobler SO bad.
Dishing out W's and ass kickings!!!
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Russian Circles - Riot Room Jul 03, 2012. Yes please.
RT : Less than a week after 's old label Roadrunner basically shuts down, she raises $360k on Kickstarter
...Frick. I still need to finish both of my books. I need time!!
I understand completely!
Thanks, Sean. Go Mariners!
You're very welcome... Have a great weekend!
thanks for your follow
Great photos/view! Where at the airport were you to see it that close?
Ok, off to retrieve the boy child from football game. I hope they won, at least....and that we get to have a leisurely Saturday morning
Addicted to Turtles!
Oh, me neither. It's strange trying to connect with folks on here sometimes, definitely different from anything else I've used.
We are excited to be at the #ASCD12 conference this weekend in Philly! Come by Booth 249 and say hello!
WHO?!?! just in case my gal is no long at Krimson. speaking of - i need to book an appt soon & we should get coffee the same day
Staff is digitally divided - and have their own misconceptions about ye Internet.
#Congrats Greg! RT : My daughter Hayley graduates in 3 minutes
There is nothing I would love more then to see the girl I love on impressing us daily with her baseball knowledge.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it ~ Confucius
RT : I cannot eat just one donut...they are dangerous and addicting goodies :)
Merry Christmas Eve
boyfriend will kill me. Ha.
thanks! glad you liked the AR presentation and thanks for coming over to the City Archives
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Name Talen
You weren't gulping down gin?
shout out to you fellow Yanks fan
Sure you can! Just wear a bib!
I'd totally give up money to play for their chicken salad sandwiches...
right! It wouldn't even be Criminal Minds without him. I wouldn't be able to watch it
I hate taking pictures. Is there a phobia for that? xP
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for attending & donating & being all around amazing! Bloody Brunch Holiday Bash 2010 was a success!
Oh neighbors, how delightful that little Booboo is outside all the time again. Still barky as ever, how lovely.
At the movies
7 more followers ? (:
Try instead a handful of Almonds, and some veggies/fruits. Quick, easy on the go, and from the earth
Thank you for the mention. What a joy it was narrating this book for Pastor Laurie!
Hi awesome work on the framenetwork ... Also one q, I noticed your lastname is it Polynesian?
our tech lead is sitting behind you
The true neighbor will risk his position, his prestige and even his life for the welfare of others. Martin Luther King
can you please go back to your moms uterus omg
I'm in Seattle and I go to ATL in the morning. But I think I just found out I gotta go to Shreveport, LA tomorrow too then back to ATL. Smh
SNAP BACK IN TO IT WE GOT EM NEW ERA SNAP BACK EXCLUSIVES
STAAR testing the rest of the week means library is closed. On upside, I'm a relief person for 2 days & should have time to finish BZRK.
add up all the factors You wack your twisted your girls a hoe your broke the kid aint yours and errbody know. Your own man say u stupid- DMX
you can thank my #bayer colleague Will H!
watch they will catch on :D .... but by then ill be on the nbt
2 out. Runners on the corners. Lucroy at bat.
Just tapped, Vortex IPA (replaces Torpedo Extra IPA)
Philadelphia area Wal-Mart stores, brace yourselves for mass broom returns tomorrow.
oh and get my tumbling.
I'm with you on that homie. Tmobile has been ok but I need an iphone...I just don't know who I should switch too....
Well I havent seen the word#villan on my timeline for a while!Get this trending for YEA YOU HEARD ME!TREND IT!DO IT!RIGHT NOW!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 65
"you're the one thing I can't get enough of... so I'll tell you something, this could be love" 🎤 dirty dancing makes me smile :)
already there, girl.
Trying to finish the vocab today so I can do the questions tomorrow
If someone hasnt seen your previous tweet...this one would look AWKWARD. lol!
#ImminentDanger Zander: cites points in story, but then says story ignored them.
8 days to Go and still keeping My tradition Never spent it alone and will never do , From worst to best Am sure ;)
The King's Speech wins #BestPicture #Oscars !!!!
Haha! If it's anything like Quarantine, I'll be sleeping with all of my lights on after I see it.
Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
K you can stop talking to me now
Tie between Dick Tracy and Bulworth!
Have a good day everbody.....!!!!
so a lion not a crab?
great meeting you!
Well the chainsaw's chain needs to be replaced. Looks like this job gets postponed.
Very cool. Good Luck in the Rock N Roll. Let me know how you do.
Thank you for the #FF! Our committee of loves working with your organization!
#cil11 Just noticed the tiny sign on the podium. For track B the network is East2 and the password is cil2011dc
Experienced my first pro day today at Wisconsin. Sort of like a circus, but with stopwatches and bench presses. Definitely interesting.
trying to make a rac run tomorrow
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. ~ Julie Andrews
#usbank loss draft department employees need to learn to say: "M'am, I am so sorry. I will make sure this gets done." Period.
yes today is a good day. You're alive to live & bring hope & help spread acceptance!
Gingrich counts as southern. Military brats get to choose.
Am I crazy to pack my gym bag to hit the pool right after the Bun Run?
Check out our website www.cellofury.com to purchase our new album! more links coming soon to the site
on #Leadership - New York times turns a mistake into a misdeed. Mistakes are for learning; misdeeds are for consequences....
Sunday, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Should I get
I'm going to start brewing my own beer soon. Been several years but ready to get back into it.
photo or it didn't happen
just play with it you will figure it out ...RT
I love that one so much, especially the line "in your scope I am content"
My gravestone will read: "Here lies Trevor, whose pants just never seemed to fit..."
Or better - 'the suspect was described as an hispanic man in jeans and white t-shirt'. OK, that narrows it down. Useless.
text me you asshole! Its been awhile. I miss my flaming faggot.
I must leave I cravedarkness absenceofsound the coolness of the brambledown by a creek Myheart wants to speak of sweet love/ myhead tooweak
Do I carry my high school diploma around? What do you do with your hair? What happens if there's inclement weather?
exactly why LEBRON needs to be shooting the ball at the end of the game
Only thing u can control in this world is yourself...
I hate when you have like 45 hair ties, then your friends come over then you have like none.
Hi Sylvia! RT : aloha everyone - better late than ever... tuning in to todays convo
Moving day went gr8, now time to unbox! Its fun making a house into a home!
Whenever a longtime figure like leaves the poker scene, it makes me feel, deep in my bones, that I really am a lifer.
money and fame will make any person look 10 times sexier
Can people change?
can not stress enough how important it is to have the support of the for the campaign.
Baldwin: "The original bill I wasn’t comfortable with, but we can't have outright theft of U.S. intellectual property."
we found some neat ones at Micheals.
great to meet you tonight w/ !
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy I fell in love. #GladYouCame into my life
Wearing shoes sucks.
Adora Svitak challenges us to rethink who can be a "teacher"
My wife thinks the #onion is a real news print .
I was just thinking about that sundae. Can we go back and just order that?
can you bring me a case please ill give it back when i get mines
Hopefully they'll play two story love song (or whatever that song was called) and everyone will forgive and forget
Can't say--I only just started making my way through his filmography, tho it's a steep drop after the progressive HANG 'EM HIGH.
haha :) feel better Kay? just get back to school
There's a bear wandering around Glendale who has a predilection for Costco meatballs.
Join us at Jame's Hoban's restaurant for Happy Hour. With a donation you will get light refreshments and drink specials. 5:30-8p.m.
It's an XL, it doesn't even fit me
awesome lol! Dude you wont believe where i am...:/
#GrnBz #If11: what if all consumer electronics were upgradeable? what if energy efficiency were the new granite counter top?
Yay #46201! RT : I think I will start tweeting more about my #46201 community.
Listening 2 coast to coast AM 640
Love is objectified by what men say is right, so express your humankind, fight for your rights.
-- an afternoon paczki is mighty tempting right now -- way better than the tasteless yogurt I'm pretending serves as a dessert
I concur. Like said, good being around other social crazies.
got so much i gotta do tonight...record this blog....record a few songs
Working on a book layout for a client and graphics for another. Always makes me nervous to mess with someone else's creation.
oh I'm good at recognizing signs like that. I'm just unclear of the name of the source
Enjoyed her lovely concert: #ElizaVeta here at #TBWA\Chiat\Day
Katharine McPhee makes every song better! She's amazing!!
Free tickets for me, yes please.
Workout! Give them abs some neighbors! Lol
At least its not raining! RT : Good morning! Mondays.. Smh
So what's the difference between dangerous lightning and normal lightning? The TV weather guy keeps warning me about the dangerous kind.
C'mon Taylor! Make. A. Layup.
"Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another." ~John Dewey... Have fun connecting the dots. ;)
Can't wait for March 23!
I'll beat the pussy up up up lol
Indeed! RT : Measuring a company on money raised is useful. Measuring them on money earned is more so.
kind of wondering we all haven't grown one.
Man that was easier than scoring on the bobcats.
Laid down and decided to listen to Samuel Jackson narrate "Go the fuck to sleep"...... It actually worked. #SleptGood as shit too.
All bst JH FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
RT : Thursday - the next best thing to Friday. Right?
Thank God for another start to a beautiful week, stay FOCUSED and walk towards ya goals!
Daughter has #Packers plates on her car in Nashville. Said a man ran up to her at a stoplight and did the Discount Double Check.
Tell me ya'll have had a day when you're feeling " Burn " by Usher all the way down to your soul. Because that's today.
imagine that! 1975!
Did you tweet delete all day?
“: there's no such thing as a "girl code"” there was, not anymore tho...
And the last pick goes to.... The NC State Wolfpack!
This is how I monitor my drinking ,, measure it !!
You have really great hair.
My Morning Jacket >>>
good how r u :)
Ev & Biz r on, Sherri twittering live. Whoopie asks "what is it?" It's an information network, they say.
Rumors? Well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
I am on the 2nd floor working with Robert York & :)
M ice cream sammiches
that shitty that is going to be my 1st race I go too
And with only a cheap half working bike reflector
Translator had difficulty telling Koji he's been traded to Texas - which may explain why he bought me a cowboy hat and Chuck Norris poster.
Dropped my phone in the toilet
thanks! glad you like it! :)
enjoying my "work" trip in San Diego…staying at a nice hotel, visiting La Jolla tomorrow and behind the scenes at Sea World on Friday. I l…
Can we make sure don't ban banning banners?
Can't find my remote!
From look of crowd, guess MR PHELPS had no prob getting tickets for family and friends!
wonder if this would have happened had the suspension not been overturned
Life's a bitch, and I'm its pimp.
oh yeah agree I don't mind. I'll get where I'm going
short shorts and tshirts.nice day out
that looks amazing!
fazio, don't sue Siri - she's been busy learning Japanese.
It's a pretty amazing and appropriate reward.
RT “We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.”
The body is telling me that I'm toast. Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight and God Bless. <><
You and your awesomeness -- Thank you!
Seriously though guys, marijuana should be legalized. Let the States decide.
#blend12 #DIETribes Fortunately I have a boss who agrees and encourages this.
Thank you for coming! It was so fun. We'll let ya know about the next one. In the meantime, follow #ShowAndMail cc
I WANNA GET TO 370 TWEETS BEFORE BED I JUST HAVE TO!!!
Cheers for everyone that came out to our one and only homecoming in Sligeach Epic great people..
💗good morning ! Hope u have a great day n the baby is healthy!!!
On the road again. Philly, I will see you tomorrow!!
•I’m tired of love; I’m still more tired of rhyme; but money gives me pleasure all the time
Now playing: "Passive" by A Perfect Circle. "Someday, I'll walk away and say..."
I know Dirk has not been dominating but Terry is suppose to be his #2. only time he has been more dumb is when he hit Finley in the balls.
Tell me about it. Think of all the wasted bandwidth and memory for shit like that. Now I want Pizza Shuttle.
Our goal is to match anyones price and provide superior service!!
Been building my website all night.. Off to bed and it's still not up. 😡 #technicallychallenged #mustsleep 💤
starts following me at the exact moment I order 2 copies of "The Whore of Akron" ( needs one too!) Fate?
- Hey, tell me more about your company. I always like to brainstorm with other marketing professionals. heidi BVEN Boutique MKE
im almost leaving lol
Marylin movie night with puppies for prizes
DM me your number :)
Planning to bundle up for some skiing on Lake Monona, to suck up some rays of Sunshine.
Dear #STLCardinals: Feel free to leave Phoenix early. Good God
Im starting over on Monday!!! :-)
like frickin NATO
ate my cookie 😒
Super Bowl Sunday at Sunshine! We are open all day and the game will be on with sound! Fried Chicken and football
Please win this game
Boo-boo bunny is accompaning us for dinner... Not due to boo-boos, but due to friendship and conversation...
Every time I head to Georgetown I get stuck between a parade of trains. Time to catch up on Twitter.
who was laden with wealth, with but the riches of divine grace alone. from the service to St. John on Jan. 27
f-brilliant: Lying on Resumes
CALLING ALL 21 AND OLDER FEMALE FOOTBALL PLAYERS! INBOX ME OR TWEET ME
yes and were all hanging out friday ! kay thanks glad were on the same page ! have a good week b rad !
as long as i can come to the wedding.
Ugh - caught some bad mojo at the casino! Was doing fine - tipping along and then found a damn losing streak!
ill take it
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
Starting #insanity again from the start. Feels like I hadn't even finished it, it was so hard this morning! 👎 but I feel so good!
“: Congrats Kenyan on a big win! #ward4supportsward5.” hoping he has a change of heart on fighting crime
Re: #CV Council vote Tue. to dissolve CVRC; wanted to add I am still very committed to redevelopment, just didn't think CVRC was right way.
Great meeting you and spinning with you. Jealous you're already in bed. Last song was at 2:45 ugh haha
come on out sister, we had it cookin like the summer heat, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is the magic
Fix the stoplight at 42nd and University. I'm tired of no green light in the AM turning south onto 42nd from university.
Devastated 2 read abt Reynolds Spoke w her after my novel was pubbed. It deals w pain care. She was passionate articulate& inspiring
I think the Thunder are good enough to sweep! 😊
POCKET PAL.
that awkward moment when you're the only person on the planet with a smart phone that's dumb...
Why the hell did jessica simspon name her baby girl a boy name?
recording a new song soon, who wants to hear it?
Plan for tomorrow: -get hair cut -do an enormous amount of laundry -get ready to head out for Branson
I feel ya sista!
Same on this end!!!! Can't wait.
I'm talkin' big boy rides, and big boy ice.. Lemme put this big boy in yo life
so stupid ! I HATE people who just want you to follow them & in the next second the unfollow YOU ?! what the ... ?
Q: What is Active Data? A: Change Sensitive Data. Basically, what #AWWW refers too re. time variant nature of Resources.
This rain is stupid!!!
me too!! i'm applying in philly first!
Lemme know if you wanna try them:)
Happy birthday , even if you may not see this, just remember I love you and I was here even past your last birthday <3
loved the script, can't wait to see it :)
Congrats to for winning the Wells Fargo Player of the Game by selecting Jamaal Franklin!
I love some trivia
TECH: Art. Dir Adam Fitzgerald () gets black paint on his eye. Prd Dir Lori Prince: "Ha! You look like Adam Lambert, but old."
and I just compared notes - 16 medals total for SD brewers. 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze. More soon!
Happy Mother's Day to moms, stepmoms, bonus moms and all the wonderful caring women in this world who have loved & nurtured anyone!
sadly agree: everyone either stops using drugs -- end demand -- or legalize it. lets all just drink beer, eh?
Apparently the numbers I dreamt and played in the Mega Millions was meant for the daily and lottos at the bar. :-(
...why must we want what we can't have??...so if i work real hard at it will i get it evenually??...
(That would be bad; the APRL needs a librarian.)
Tempted to sing along with Bohemian Rhapsody in the #library. "Nothing really matters to me."
I'm hungry for bdubs. Can't stop thinking about it.
Hey old bud
shoutout to thanks for the Follow!!
Who's excited for the reunion show December 3rd at ??!! We have pre sales now!! Hit us up for one..or more :)
So true! RT : God is not done with me yet.
data entry and wine could spell disaster. oh no! don't worry , , i just started!
Is it counterproductive to drink kombucha and a latte at the same time? Big questions.
ew...tell me people do NOT say that. #LOTR over everything.
... You do remember the Tonight Show debacle right?
the window graphics are great! :) they look so cute! Thanks again for doing those for us!!! Now you have to vote for us!
Dear mr.raulston, tomorrow you shall expect me to be eating food in class. I will not stop cause you tell me. Im a hungry teen. I like food
Con 2L d agua de limón y Eucasol a la mano... I will put up a fight!
EW OMG i just saw a spider on the toilet seat what even i'm never using the bathroom again
wat happened y r u sick
Started the day with an audition and moving on to unrelated but equally exciting prospects. I think I like this week.
haha yes there's gonna be a cool girl house sitting over there you could go hanhout! =Plol but yes for sure after
Please share! Manpower in Richmond is currently hiring for Assembly Technicians (airport area) and CNC Machinists- southside.
indiana eifs contractors, eifs contractors indiana, indianapolis eifs contractors, eifs contractors indianapolis eifs repair indiana
thank you♥
Set aside some time to digest it. The article is long and wanders around the narrative in places.
Some ugly basketball to start this thing!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies on my timeline, and a special shout-out to my #TwitterlessMom, who taught me to be strong & proud.
go with me , every Tuesday it's two for $25 :)
Don't use etc. in press pitches. It's lazy... If there's more info, share it.
The hottest guys in the world? Well.. Justin Bieber, Pattie's son, Selena's boyfriend, Jeremy's son and Jazzy and Jaxon's older brother.
#5factsaboutmymom 1) Smart 2) gorgeous 3) She can't take a joke 4) i LOVE her amazing cooking 5) best mom ever!!
Really notice a difference when I alternate upper body free weights w/ resistance training a couple times a week.
All eyes on the Windy City this weekend! & face off AND we are hosting the #NATO summit. Everyone stay inside & lock up lol
When NBA players win the championship do they feel ten feet tall?
congrats to our 1st 10 followers for following us. We are giving them each 1 free night @ our Midtown West apt. in the heart of NYC!
adri got lost and mom's mad. Now were all in trouble
always needing a sweater, smh
OMG i have to get it! :)
Pretty! I want to see it in person! HH after finals?
why would they want to be on it. You Lie
In Taylor's songs i always can get some advise.
Her mortgage payment is $100 less than what I paid for rent for a 700 sqft apartment in this city, & that was only my half of the rent.
He'll? Don't know how someone can go to he'll.
Cameras at NBA games are to good igudola for sixers was just digging all in his nose for all to see
Haha. Good one. : The "healthy choices" menu at fast food chains is like snorting cocaine off the inside of a celery stick
my day was pretty great. yours? sauthuf? ;-) LOL
I thought this was the magic! There's more?!
Or how about break-ups...like a band-aid...RIGHT OFF! :-)
The top remashed song on Mashup Is M.I.A. - Paper Plane. What's your favorite song?
thx! She's heading to NYU London in the fall :0)
Don't want the weekend to be over.. There is a busy week in front of me!! I guess that's not a bad thing : )
Some family members will cross u quicker than a mofo on da streets!
Following up with responses on motorcycle photo shoot I looking to do.
Proud of my guys for battling today. Lost a tough one to St Johns by 4. Have got to correct mental mistakes.
Do you have everything hooked up.
King of hearts <3
can u copy the picture or would you like me to send it to you?
nono this was so I could do LESS work not more ;) LOL
RT Being a stay at home mom is hard. Being a working mom is hard. You know what makes it easier? Millions of dollars.
off to work i go.. was going to go to the scooper bowl after work, but its raining so idk
Special thnx to all that came out last nite, , Espn's Barry Melrose,Jeremy Roenick,, ,no ?
Do you consider the building itself to be a part of the museum's collection?
haha that's definitely not a good thing because I kind feel the exact same way about you! Do you still have my number?
Hi Mom! You are now apart of the TWITTERVERSE.
when people get mad at work and tell me that bj's suck, cosco's better like it's suppose to hurt my feelings and make me cry myself to sleep
Wondering about a second masters in user-centered design, to complement an MLIS...a useful combo?
the amount of butter i put on my food usually ranges from Reasonable to Paula Deen
Most Americans don't even know who he is, doubt the robber did either.
No one was even injured. The situation could only have been worsened by additional firearms.
Better hope I don't find you . Cuz if I do , imma punch you in your ugly face .
I always cry. I'll be crying like a maniac at the graduation.
Let's talk about the website you need 312-725-6995 -Andrew
Decide what you want, pick out one goal and go for it. Can't just say "I want a mentor."
Christ Almighty
Worst cities for traffic where I have been: Bangkok, Mumbai, Bangalore, Dhaka. LA not even close.
How much more would it have cost to just get Eminem? Come on
go get me some candy
two buck chuck is my buddy tonight
Favorite Halloween candy - what's yours? I have to say I've got a soft spot for the Reese's. The soft spot being a gut, of course.
I really don't care what my peers have to say about their work experience, it's not going to be on the exam.
thanks for the make-my-day-hashtag #CueFanGirlSqueals I also love the title The Time it Rained in Puerto Rico!
Any time with food=best time of the day
thanks man, it was an awesome surprise!
Change he was in there a year to long
wondering when I drop these KANSAS CITY compilations will I get the same support I give out!!!
I'm good...and you?
Agree. Of course they would also sell some ads around you as they added you to that group....:)
#ICantStandWhen the weirdo treats you like your the weirdo
If you ever decide to come back and take pictures, let us know!
Like this girl posted a picture on facebook of her three positive pregnancy tests.
Putting my phone away to study
A day of silence, meditation and prayer - sending the love and many blessings to all as we head into this holiday weekend!!
Working on some cover letters!
the one by rihanna? Omgeeeee!
one job is enough to turn me into a couch potato every single night!! Us hermits need to unite! :)
Had to reset PRAM to solve a problem on my Macbook. Didn't know that was still a solution! Now I'm straightening a paper clip just in case.
BREAKING: Pete Thamel to investigate the Tupac hologram at Coachella
omigosh, this tweet seriously made my night...and I thought it was just me?
Medicall Massage is offered by some massage therapists. A doctor's order is needed and the massage therapy is often covered by insurance.
1 gimp + 1 preggo = bad lawn care crew. Anybody know a Triangle teen (or other cheap labor) looking to make a few bucks raking leaves etc?
^ Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can...
Words i never thought I'd ever see "Whitehurst leads 7-9 Seahawks to NFC West Title"
See you soon RT : Fog so thick you could cut it making me late for pc at Mt Bonnell. Be there ASAP.
Tomorrow is the day, my LAST day of my undergraduate career. I can walk out knowing I've achieved something so significant, a BSBA degree.
AUCI closed up 22% today, look for a good open tomorrow! With news, I see this trading over $0.01, up from 4x from $0.0022.
BOOKING PORTRAITS! ONLY GOT A FEW SPOTS LEFT THIS WEEK! BOOK YOUR SHOOT TODAY AND RECEIVE 40% OFF PRINTS.
i got a friend out here who just put me on to a bunch of survivalist game too... stalking prey, finding edibles,
I didn't mean to RT that and it won't let me undo it.!! Lol but I'll claim it in Jesus name.!!!!
DHS foster care suit settlement OK'd - Tulsa World
Why can't people be themselves and stop trying to be a wanta be
RT relationships should never rewind ...... so true
no way jose
I have 100 oak trees in my tiny Focus. Amazing how small seedlings are!
I'm with ya! RT : I am out after this year. And I will actively encourage all conservatives to leave the GOP with me.
Always keep moving forward even when you don't want to.
Man, this would've been an awesome game to watch on
What is the record for the most #Christmas dinners / events in one week?
It was a good day
Lyle Wallis says "in order to make a sane systems dynamics model keep your units consistent"
Memorial Day parade goes right past my house - always a treat to see the police, reenactors, and scads of Brownies and Boy Scouts.
Ever fall so hard you wanna cry , yes that just happened to me -___-
Got some crazy shit up my sleeve, its ridiculous
Just familiarize and you will know
So excited for much anticipated Avery news on tonights episode. I love THG, but I miss on 30 Rock!
If she Knew what i knew about Him, she would've stopped talking to him a Long time ago ...
BLT sandwich hold the tomato and lettuce
hey! Hope all is well. Miss u
are u at Towson lax?
thank you *breathes easier*
yes. Im going to go like all your instagram pictures to blow up your notifications(; haha. I'm bored(:
that's what me and boudreaux was talking about.
text me so I can save your number (: 786 366 4000
Can anyone describe our genre?
UHH CHAIN letter's YES or no??
#Omgdoublehkp My friend's name is YURI <3 :D
Eddie Johnson just retired, Portland Timbers announced. There's your reason for picking up another forward today. Best to Eddie!
To be or not to be....that is the question...
Floyd Mayweather & The Money Team will be at Perfections ...
do you wear a brace? That might help.
Pat Noonan is on!! Good for him, I guess?
Today is National Pretzel Day..and if you're obliging, there's only one 'must have' - the Philly Pretzel. Get on a plane & go get it.
Now THOSE I could look at all day long.
That was like a srimmage game for OKC
👏👏RT : "In order to be walked over, you have to be lying down." somthing I refuse to do. over my dead body
Rex sucks at announcing. I miss Frank.
Love this weather. Cloudy but warm and bright. <3
I'm so pissy right now.
We've got a pair of Kenny Chesney tickets to give away this week - tweet with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX for a chance to win!
#RochMN this hours $1000 challenge match has already been matched! Call 507.286.8742 to make your pledge now!
Almost forgot today was computer christmas at work - Hello new macbook pro + Cinema display. Next up: standing desk.
well feel better as well my darlin!
Look for a special issue of Bus Lines on board buses and in information racks located throughout Milwaukee.
larron king had a bad wreck earlier this week and we woulda missed the prayer service so we brought the prayer service to us.
now im hearing Beat of My Heart♥ <333 :D to the best of my....to the beat of my heart :D ..... ♫
FOLLOW NOW!!
I know! Im always at school & I hate it!
Happy Monday to our MTCP'ers! Who had a school musical last weekend? How did it go?
You don't see too many single person trampolines these days. #80'sexercisegear
Happy Hour with live music from Ruben Garcia and Free Taco Bar Specials this week: $6 Patron, $3 Coronas, $3 Well drinks, and $4 Drafts
Hit the Lights!
EVERYBODY BETTER FOLLOW BACK ON INSTAGRAM! !!
lol amazing is the word lol
Still bad after Cutch's HR? :)
OH : "Can we just get in the van and leave now?" wants to roll! We leave a week from today.
hahahha I don't remember lol
When you point a finger there is three pointing back .
Dude go with your family, and be happy for your mom cause tomorrow is mother's day! Screw this social bullshit!
i was acually in the best mood ever till u started chatting me.
#Imagine Zayn: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
Note to self: Stop buying rice milk and chicken stock with too similar packaging.
one week without the internet, i'm so glad it's a long weekend.
that explains more than that novel of a blog post I just read. Gracias.
Is It Weird That Now When I Ask My Dad For Money I Say "Daddy,Can I Have T-Money??" :) I Feel Weird 0.o FML.
RT : Nice (& overdue) to see more women moving into key exec roles. Seems is doing a nice job with Cinnabon. Others?
Just In. NEW Generator/Alternator pigtails, Single High-Temp Spark Plug Wires, 4Speed and 5Speed shifter knobs and a few molding Clips .
Woke up needing Advil, not due to hangover but aching feet
#WhenIWasALittleKid I thought Batman was scary
Everybody thinks they areas special but I have some news for them...I'm way better then they're sorry asses
we had a blow out on our way to NYC. we are thankful for NJ roadside assistance!
I'll be there for the concert tonight
Its to early! But time to rock n' roll :) gotta make them scripts for Vegas next week!
nah they just don't appreciate me lol
Chicken fried
Wow this really is March Madness!!!!!!!!.
mine too. Was just thinking the same thing!
The Cribline is live!
get it
Now Following.:))
#best90scouple Bobby and Whitney
waiting on u to DM me <3
Laying on this damn couch with nothing to do
Dinner & drinks at w. my mama, pre-Chicago!
Is It Wise to Travel Away from Home While Your House is Empty?
lol!!! I shouldn't have been taking that pic while driving, but it was scary looking, had to capture it LOL
I hate typos
Thus concludes all the Faculty Academy presentations! thanks to everyone who participated!
Who else feels like they still haven't caught up on sleep since #C21GC?
R.I.P - Whitney Houston!
Rumor has it #TSC might return with ABC or some other network #FingersCrossed in the meantime can't wait 4 new tv series Beauty & The Beast
#DentalTip: Completely clean teeth. Floss between your teeth at least once a day, after dinner and before bedtime.
Grandmas birthday is this Friday! Hopefully that means I get to see family ??
omg i just read one of camerons tweets and immediately recognized it as what Oogway said to Po in kung fu panda(x omg.
i often wonder which of the lies i believe is most egregious
nobody to talk to yet!!
One panel has been ransomed! Come down to see it!
maybe its more like a preferred taste in artists
i hit you up with an email and on the website. get back to me when you get a chance.
With Phil Anschutz possibly buying Tottenham, will - also in L.A. - take on a GM role (along w/ Grantland responsibilities)?
And that girls are conditioned to be feminine and this may result in their being reluctant to be funny.
Walking by the Game Developers Conference in SF makes me wonder what #PLA12 will be like next wk. My guess? 100% more women.
oh hell yeh. Can u imagine the trouble??!!
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation cause we're so caught up in playing w/ tech, we forget about what's important - Dean Kamen
#thingsilove driving on the highway at night.
Pinterest is the ultimate exercise staller...
nothing more pathetic than a girl who forgives a guy who cheats on her
“: Dallas! Who's ready for ? Doors open at 11am. Pick up a set times sheet at the table!"
Ecstatic!!! RT Since u spoiled TheOthers- I'm spoiling this season of KeepingUpWTheKardashians...they all die. Happy?!...
The Clubhouse reopens tomorrow at 11am! We're so excited to see our members!
MAYBE I SHOULD, JOHN. MAYBE. I. SHOULD. (No, but for real, I think their kindness would smother me and I'd drown in syrup.)
Loving the new Sections feature in LinkedIn. Just added all my languages w/ it!
Q. What's female Viagra? A. Jewellery
You know the times have changed when an offer for a high-yield savings account is for f-ing 1.00% APY
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
Awww, thank you. I love writing it! Here's an early #ff shout out to get you started on tomorrow.
Make the right decisions.
NO!! That was WAY too weird!!!
if you were there, youd be amazed. Theyre like, the walmart of junk food>.<
tell me more...warm weather, great food, and a place I've never been. Now can I get a reasonable flight/accommodations that...
hey DM me now
*starts counting sheep*
thanks for the follow!
I thought this worked universally — shift+option+hyphen
Not the only one. Penn's branch of has helped West Philly kids succeed on the SATs for years.
fill in blank and RT -- My favorite DPC pairing has been _______
Daly City Auto Repair, Sanford Firestone, Offers Tips on Brake Repair and Maintenance
Fridays class is at 5:30.
You got to see them live?
this cat is not singing "stronger" right now
hi, wanna hang out?
Yo I got you a new swastika flag for V-day hahaha
Have we mentioned lately how much the First Person Plural Reading Series in Harlem hearts ?
hi how are you doing i got to ask are you single
When you feel down and out- it's time to get out!
Treebeard tosses it away! That was big!
I'm sleeping beauty's second cousin... uh oh, I'm feeling sleepy again... z... curse this spell... z
Thanks for the #twitterlove this morning You guys rock!
Porr you :P RT : Hair! Why you look so weirdy today?!?!
thanks for the follow - can't wait to read the book!
Rehearsing for 3 sets on Saturday night.
Playin for Kevin Boyle for another year will do nothing but help him develop even more as a player.
I am swag
we love the new look! Remember everyone accomplishes more together & Keep achieving :)
So if I tweet a reply, only the person to whom I am replying can see it? (also, sweet grammar tango back there, right?)
thanks for following! :) i also sent you a friend request on facebook
RT : It's #WhyILoveMuseums day today - so what are your favourite reasons?
please i have a great idea, but it needs RTing!
Congrats man made of stardust
Good for you! I've never known someone who actually owns one of those things. Post pictures!
u know be nice lol if oden striped off suit into uniform and came back and kills pacers for blazers win?
the stuff people say
Thank you
Of Freeman's last 27 hits, 13 have been for extra bases.
Excited about the idea innovation. If you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret and vote for us!
Unite #Spurs fans! Battling the Pacers tonight at 7:30.
Looking more like the KC Wizards currently. Finding a way to implode.
. I've not yet been able to get vim registers, os x and tmux to play nice. I have enough shortcuts to get around it though.
Losing my license is the fucking worst.
The word we're looking for is "ouch."
Spring Break!
Twitfam, if I started a tumblr consisting of hot girls wearing funny bike helmets, do you think that would blow up?
After a long day I like to kick back with my headphones on and drift away in rhymes
Going back outside
thank you so much!!! You really think so?
I had the Q speech memorized for a long time. Was (aptly) on the Q train when I got to "Who shall blame him"…
What an impressive entertaining fight. On both ends. Great fight.
Join PJ the DJ tonight at Jays Sports Bar at The Iceoplex in Southpointe. Karaoke and your requests 9-1. $2.50 Corona
off to #sanfrancisco in 10 hours. NIGHT! :)
Focus on end user tasks in rda training -- good tip from Glenn Patton.
Anyone see the comparison with mcelroys arm and tiger playin on a busted up leg? Hm :-)
IT'S EASY
Virgil just tweeted you Shieki baby. Says that you were never a Million $ Champion, like he was.
Consider registering for a charity fitness event (e.g. a walk that benefits a specific disease). This will help motivate your workout!
Ok so finally home...missin my other half..anyway...........sweet dreams ((muah))
Avoided the sweep, I'll take it. No more Cards until July.
haha well there are just some things that you can't control, and that's one of them
Carmello Anthony sues ex bus Mgr saying he stole over 2 million from him, I thought you were against snitches Mello!!
Fruits & veggies = awesome health/nutritional benefits & should form basis of ur diet. Great farmers markets in Austin - get it fresh!
sorry I'm not all on ur cock anymore! Lol
so pretty!!
RT Lady Gi now following also!
You're the best, Amanda! We're definite super fans of yours!
Aww I just love how apologizes to he's fans<3 that's why I love him(:
#10thingsaboutmyself I'm very very gullible
It's just what I heard, just what I heard.
i just wish i felt better
come to visit us!
Of course! Do you have a facebook? We will send some support over there as well!
omg like thats perfect!!! Support people!!! :)
When it's storming an raining and u have nothin 2 do! Just pull out ur play station and play Rock Band 2 😁🎸🎸🎸👾👾
"Language is the dress of thought; every time you talk your mind is on parade." -- Dr Samuel Johnson
#VivaLasNASCAR To meet DW and stream the race to my EVO 4g while sitting in the stands. Old school fan and new school tech.
Ah #gmail. How I depend on you & miss you when you're down. It does help to know I'm not alone and that you are not my only option. Yet.
if u see mt buddy Skip tonight, have him give u my number and email. He will be there tonight
Tgugh loss to Baylor, but now it`s time to show some huevos in the NCAAs.
At least the cubs won :)
U ALREADY KNOW FAM!! Thanks 4 the support! :-)
#nce11 ravitch: closing schools does nothing to address needs of students
I love Björk so much, have since I was a kid, and the Biophila app is fabulous, and, and...I wish I liked the music in it just a touch more.
it really doese
Cheap and easy - reminds Mommies of their youth. ;)
More painting today, and a singer songwriter showcase tonight!
and the same to you guys!
A good publicist...is strategic in her or his approach when working with media.
Hey lil brother! miss u!
So very sweet! / “: Beautifully written, Professor. Years later, I'm still grateful to have you teaching me."
#FF hey thanks you for the mention and for add me on your page
Enjoying a 2008 Ghost Pines Cabernet Sauvignon, very nice for only $14
Happy Friday y'all ....Muah!!!
Survived, with a terrible aftertaste. And to be accurate, I just chewed it up instead of consuming it, a great decision.
davey jones died :[
Thanks too :)
Thank you #facebook for changing the way we can add tabs to our fan pages.
yotes = some of the top young talent in the league, how else could they make playoffs 2 yrs in a row with no-names?
Cyber Monday! Have you been wrapping up your Holiday shopping? Don't forget to stop by one of our stores for some stocking stuffers!
sleeping bags on the family room floor. Fantastic Mr. Fox. and my 3 beautiful babies.
I'm calling a double upset Coto and T.Bradley are gonna both win bye split decision watch!
Ack! My laptop's screen is coming off! To the genius bar asap! （;￣O￣）
Freezing my booty off, but am committed to looking the part for /National Library Week READ poster photo shoot today!
My little brother gets what he wants by screaming at the top of his lungs -___-
I think I'm going to have to hop on the New Jersey #Devils bandwagon the rest of the #NHL playoffs. Would like to see Marty win one more.
I hate when people complain to my mother about me...
And that's it for office hours for AY 2011-2012. Things are winding down.
You lost credibility on that one when you say she's from your home state.
pushing in corners again. Not good
They are each a different theoretical discussion. In some ways, it doesn't matter which is at the beginning and which at end
don't hate. It's twitter. Don't judge my creativeness :)
I feel yah bad Miami drivers
Likewise, gorgeous! See you this weekend :D
Hey buddy congrats on the f&w nod. Been a long time. Hope you are well
With the changed iPad policy at Yankee Stadium, does anyone know if they also lifted the ban on kindles? Planning ahead for tomorrow.
I'm you're boy dummy
Brewing some beer!
Best of luck today Let's finish what we started. All the way to LA!
Wow. Weird, weird dreams. Told a childhood crush I crushed on him, stole cookies from a woman who lived in a train car (it had wooden slats)
Great passing on that goal. Also I see NYC apparently can't support two pro teams at once, since no one is at the Yankees/O's game.
Breaking... to run for #GWU U-at-Large Senate seat. Stay tuned for more updates.
Jealous? I didn't even have to make up my own place to get a mayorship.
Pittsburgh Power? #cmonman. Go hear the symphony instead.
Such a love/hate relt with Lifetime.
that worked :) thanks!
Thanks darling! Hope you get your LFDY fix soon. Miss you guys too.
uuuggghh hate being sick! and tomorrow is friday!
i might be quoted in the Chicago Tribune soon. if i am, would you mind picking me up a copy/
Food for thought: Bacon is delicious
I have a major crush on Rihanna. Thanks to the English =)
Must be diarrhea. (Sometimes it's better not to ask.)
what contest are u in? Tweet the link to me
Huzzah! RT : Reading up on my pal, 's, game reviews in the Red Eye. Swift and to the point. Full of hutzvah.
RT: on CUNY TV African American Legends April 7 at 6pm with Dr. Roscoe C. Brown
Happy Birthday Liz!!! enjoy your special day! :D
2-0 yesterday, more games today!
AND the same issue of features a charming photo of our own John McGivern on page 62.
ya but a little dab will do ya ( or me, at least). I like the liquid form 4 this. Even so, only @ nite. Stares turn into dreams.
Had cocktails and wine w/ the surprise of awesome appetizers. Thanks You rock!
thank you Alex....but I coulda used the pants Dammit. Haha
for sure!! (: just text me and let me know when girly. We should all go to din din, park, or w/e. lol
silly bananas!
Just found out we're getting ! Excited to be able to measure VOC on our site :)
I want ihop right now....So hungry nomnomnom
If I had anywhere to go, I'd be about ready to pack up and leave. On second thought, maybe I'll have a sandwich. Guess I'm just hungry.
I want to go to the show.
Half day + rogers = success
80 percent of the houses sold in Pike Township are under $150,000. 20 percent are above $150,000.
Break a leg! Looking forward to reading about it!
Check out www.achealthcare.org, a great resource for info. about health care services in Alameda County!
eww.. Hoarders. these people are disgusting
comebacks are a bitch in the golf game
Have any questions about #Schoology? I'd be happy to help.
I'm excited for ABDC tonight<3
#unorginaltweet "Four for you Glen Coco, you go Glen Coco!"
Apple TV...why did I wait? Makes the Netflix/Pandora/Vimeo/YouTube interface on our old Blue Ray feel downright primitive.
"The FBI can look into people's computers, why can't you?" -- customer, talking to the help desk
This world is going to a shithole quick...and we are all to blame. God have mercy on us for completely losing the point of this existence.
My dad was a quote guy. My favorite one from him "you can't soar like an eagle if you hang out with turkeys"
One week til #TurkeyDay! RT if you love #Thanksgiving!
yea bout that....
>30 yrs old digital immigrants vs. <30 yrs old are digital natives
oh no
Aw thanks. I made #3 I think? Lol but still thank you ;)
No problem!
physical location, using Harvard's distant off site storage and sever farm as an example. Possibly as a rhetorical device, but.
Oh damn! :-) RT : Tonight I'm Gonna Put My Body On Your Body!
Thanks holmes.
Callback. The one I had a good feeling about. Keep them fingers firmly crossed for a bit, please?
I'd love to see an example of that. Could be a useful model.
yes for sure
Did you know The Iron Horse Hotel now offers free weekday valet parking for lunch? Hmm ... will it be the DLT or the BLT today? YUM!!!
Who's watching #Wrestlemania?
Yo, can you get to a mic right now?
worst pickup line ever. ;-). Btw, what would a Boycrazy ringtone be?
My eyes hurt..
New track "Jack-O-Lanterns" is up on Reverb Nation and Facebook
nah jus cuz you love us
What do you think is the WORST venue in Brooklyn, and why?
I'm listening to Never Say Never xD
not crazy you just don't love your dog as much as I love my cat and if you knew hope rose you would be obsessed too
Shhh! Be quiet! Do you hear that...? That faint sound...off in the distance...it's getting closer each minute...Isn't SAXAppeal on tonight?
lol why u mad now ? i just got done eating my chinese platter im bout to call u ... lol
Really? That's awesome! Is it exactly what you expected, or no?
That was a great workout last night!
yep, I am in Jacksonville, did you leave Alaska or are you visiting Florida?
Do we need to register?
Omg i just caught myself watching #americanidol...need to get out of the house
When Hawaii Said No to Football: A Fan’s Look Back
Got gassed twice. Still standin. Bring it cops.
Just a few final touches, and we'll see you this weekend at Our House by Theresa Rebeck!
Enjoyed the open house at #Exacq tonight. Nice to see such growth for this #Fishers business.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! FOLLOW EACH OTHER TO GAIN
Quote of the day from : "it's always colder somewhere else."
Lovatics and #BritneyArmy let's trend this: Stop saying bad things about Demi and Britney! Let's do this, and show de power that both have!
Wishing I had more time to practice (music, that is).
#YouWasSexyUntil i met ur mom and seen what ud look like old...
But thank you for trying. :)
WOW.... :D Awe, thanks for the compliment & showing love. Appreciate it.
Looking for a list of favorite websites k-12 that you teachers enjoy using with your students.
Please bring Austin to Washington DC! Theres lots of things to see around here! Like the White House! ;) (c)
good advice, frequently ignored, to the peril of the tongue- wielder ;-}}
UGH I HATE BEING SICK
We had such a good time last night!! Thanks!! #FF !!!!
JB imitating Adam Lambert's album cover and channeling JT on his new video... Is he going through Identity crisis? He's at the age.
Final minutes! I got a good fealing about next year:)
Unlike the #TeaParty, #occupywallstreet is NOT funded by billionaires. This is what a real grassroots movement looks like
Dig into a skirt steak wrap at the Springs Cafe today, stuffed with spring mix and avocado.
you okay babes:)x
Twitter jail? How'd end up there?
to the right people, yes - wonder if you could screen for mechanical empathy? :)
you're FAKE
Lol RT : #ThatMomentWhen I know it's definitely not my ringtone, but I'm going to check my phone anyway.
Just watched gobble a muffin in .3 seconds.
I Wanted to try stand up but i am more of a sketch comedy person
How I Met Your Mother marathon with my son all weekend. Catching up. Ba dud daa duh baa dah da dah.
Hm... Interesting turn in events. Hidden motives? Let's find out.
Hi Courtney! You might remember me from the RMF conference (I'm Danielle's friend). Finally got on this Twitter thing:)
Brother she's all country ;)
“: #AMEN RT i just reallllyyy hope my boys do some work this year. f'ckn romo man. lol” thata girl
hey there. How ya been. What's been going on. Haven't talked in a while :)
#truth ": Amongst all the other Zodiac signs, #Pisces is the most giving and self-sacrificing."
what's up vince...I am still in ATL. Let's do work
PBR chilling in Soho!
OMG- Mike Tyson is 66% Ghost Dog!
u crazy, Smoked!!
The Dorito Taco Bell taco comes out today. We have band practice.
Hi Amy! You must be the twitter "face" of snagajob. So great to connect. How are you liking your new job?
Today is #MiracleTreatDay at local participating Dairy Queens. Make sure to grab a Blizzard to support local kids!
let's have a go at draw something -AyHallebo- 🎨
My favorite orthodontist was in one.
"The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income #tax."-Albert #Einstein..that's why you need The Jordy Group to file your taxes!
There's a reason your only aloud to say so much on twitter. Because its not Facebook and we don't wanna see your life long story.
They know how to spin a good boner metaphor north of the wall, I tell you what.
I know right Im drinking on it right now!!
peaches, halved and rubbed with palm sugar and sea salt. A star anise placed in each half and then roasted till caramelized.
At the doctor with the little one. I pray these treatments help him.
Snaps and hissed have replaced the vocals here at u south
happy PI day! Also, pie day, but we replaced ours with doughnuts from the Bowery Day.
sending off a surprise package today for ☺🎉🎈
Jon Gruden called Aaron Rodgers A-Rod.
I gotta pink range, and I drive fast in the slow lane.... Awkkkk.
it's pretty obvious we need to get together for a drink again soon.
se habla engles? I said your bitch made and I should block you from this shit
mhm, oreos and milk
Yep, easy-peasy. Now MLB has to do damage control with the testing program and the players. What player would trust it after this?
how do I get on a list for ditch Friday/wet republic?! :)
Have you gone to the show in the article at the Grohmann? I hadn't even heard of it until now. Want to check it out?
putting low cost marketing solutions together for startups and small businesses
RT : I find the term "twittaration" adorable ;how bout we notify Oxford to add it in thesaurus?
why do you have to get 3k specifically?
Happy Valentines Day! Make sure to tell your loved ones how awesome they are today! :)
So Incredibly pumped to see Monta Ellis and the #Bucks tonight. Bucks have lost last 5 at the Rose Garden.
I cant wait to be a Bridesmaid for my Biffs wedding!!!!! Yayyyyy!!!!!!
UPDATE! Event activites Sat 9-26 in the Town Ctr Park begin at 11 am. Auction begins at 1 PM. Please come downtown & help!
I need some ideas for the "SECRET INGREDIENT" during the Cooking with Friends: IRON CHEF class on Saturday Night! Ready go....
If you drive a 3-wheeled motorcycle, allow me to offer you these alternatives: 1. Get a real motorcycle. 2. Stick to cars. 3. Kill yourself.
my deepest condolences to you and your family on the loss of your grandmother.
Happy Friday all! Have a great weekend
cOMPLETELY Free in mind & heart..nothing else matters.
Lol. I think I'm going to. If you're not on by the time I get back, Goodnight & Sleep well, love! x
pretty common troubleshooting strategy
Hey Zack I was glad to follow you!
Merry christmas everyone!
Stay focused on your dreams, keep ur intentions from the heart, persist, keep details 2 urself till the magic unfolds. Always b #grateful :)
Yay! We love RT : Excellent customer service Downtown Miami.
Got some needles in my face yesterday
Its hotter then hell here in indiana! Sumofa bitch!
Got for all star M.V.P!!
In line for the fright dome...
Hello. Please email your resume to or call me at 305.528.2131. Have a good weekend.
We r never more like Jesus than when we r serving others.
#Sanonofre update on the tube wear with #NCTimes Paul Sisson and activist #ACEHoffman now
good afternoon on this beautiful day! how's everyone doing?
Jimmy HAM “: Suggestions? RT Jimmy Graham needs a good nickname”
Your own interactive mobile marketing campaign for only... 12cents an hour!!!!
Not even, just an understated "Clippings, circa 1920s-1940s"
The ones who supposed to be your niggaz really don't give a fuck about you.
but I'm sure will be nice and deliver cupcakes to us all
can't wait
Hoping my daughter's Mother's gift is "Mint condition" I took her last year, hope she returns the favor!
Good Morning hope that ur bac to 100% looking 4ward to seeing that sparkle in ur smile in HD! pleased to tweet you!
Working hard to completely ignore the January Jones placenta eating story. Not listening to a word, la lalalalalalala
Exactly. Plus, emerging Big Data mining tools mean that not even industry knows how all this mobile data will be used.
So pumped for #cravelaunch at dish it up in ballard! Yay for female biz owners!
There can b a million others but when u love one, that's all u c...
I'm in my new home - Honolulu!
When do we meet? RT We should start a Siri-loving, tea-drinking club! :)
I know so much, that I know I don't know anything at all...
“La parole est d'argent, mais le silence est d'or.” - Talk is silver, silence is golden.
why yes, yes it is tash.
www.facebook.com/zakdowntown LIKE. IT!
that is really, really cool.
RT : boy when they say international, they aren't kidding. it looks like the UN in this class!!
Hopefully wasn't as bad @ video game baseball as he was @ real baseball. Atleast your neck couldn't get sore staring @ the TV..
Dreadful things have always made millionaires don't you think?
A few big, timely threes from Wichita State have them looking good down the stretch.
Rumor is that the #Packers might trade for Colt McCoy from the #Browns. Like the idea - I think Colt would be a solid backup.
Hi Diana how are you? hope excellent, you can be an excellent person to evaluate something that i am doing....
thanks man! How are you?
i work back at torrid, but its temporary until my girl gets back from having her baby. i got like 2 more months at Torrid lol
?: Who played #bass on 'Inflated Tear'-Roland Kirk,'Main Ingredient'-Shirley Horn, 'Donny Hathaway', 'Captain Buckles'-David Fathead Newman?
At the Corporate Engagement seminar for High Level Meeting on Youth!
Version 3.1 is now available. Http://www.pikachoose.com/demo
Find something to do until the drive in*
fyi that's my next purchase...
Come visit us in booth S11927!
Activate beast mode in t-minus 24 hours.
Yes. Because as you know, the 15 year old me was prone to hitting people with her car before she learned how to drive.
Are you Master of your Domain?
In the 90s, Xscape debuted BET w/no backing track! Tiny BEAT-BOXED, as Kandi, the Twins, plus 1 sang En Vogue's "Hold On"
Jason Santos making fried chicken tacos with Hank Morse on the culinary stage at #BGTravel show
I am standing in the tower of the panopticon. Can you see me?
What's the good of creating IP if you can't afford to protect it. #LPO provides cost-effective vehicle for IP protection.
i just read that tweet ha i got yo name right
don't talk bout LaLa big head sis
Early bird catches the worm. Up and at em!!
Homework. Play practice. then Work. Another funfilled day
Cause people always give me a reason to be.
Commercial audition today!
Has #Meditation effected your physical #health, or impacted your life in a concrete way?
Ayers: Tension btwn digital and scholarship: speed vs fixity and deliberation
there you go again.....trying to make me have an episode!!
on what thing?
good enough reason - where had you moved to?
come inside with me;)
#GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austin's abs(;
K just inbox me ya mailing addy again.
AH YEAAHHHH SENIORS 2011! HOMECOMING GAME TONITE! WHOOHOO! still pumped from the pep rally, so excited for tonight im in such a good mood
Waiting for perry! Going to party hardy tonight:))) katy perry concert is going to b better than waking up in vegas;)
#fenwaypark will be conducting complimentary tours all day from 9am-7pm to celebrate its 100 year anniversary!
Txtin my bf! He is well......awesome!(:
hoping I can interview you before you bLoW up! LOL ....and After you bLoW up
Lol I'm so bitchy when I'm tired. I'm really not that mad, guys. I think it's nap time until brings me food home for lunch.
Listen live to as struggles to find something to talk about. This week is gonna be nuts.
Your teeth are too pretty to be a resident there. Even for a year.
Johnny's afraid of strong ass smart mouth women! He's afraid of Katie Doyle, afraid of Cara Zavaleta, now u Rachel Robinson
i feel bad for all the people who just listen to mainstream music
But had a GREAT day , & Naomie was stupid smacked !
#fridayreads MORVERN CALLAR, THE DEAD DO NOT IMPROVE, HOW TO BE BLACK
9 years=zero snakes :) you'll both love it here!!
Some days I feel like EVERYONE hates me -_- Not a text on my phone in the past 2 hours:(
Haha solid way of putting it. Certainly, Kobe can do no wrong there.
when will my chin heal?
no! It's not on private! I think you just have problems!
you and John should receive the nobel peace prize
maybe NFL believes those NFL players' reps deserved to be stained, but cldnt be proved to be suspension-worthy...
A migraine right after you got home? That stinks! Glad it's feeling better!
Josh Dupont & Francie at 8pm, no cover. $5 Cosmos, $5 champagne cocktails, $5 X-Rated Martini. Also serving desserts!
A body/bodies were found 2 doors down from my son's house, cant find it on the news...wondering what happened?
DRAKE TICKETS FROM NOW UNTIL THE SHOW SUNDAY NIGHT ON KS1075! :) Listen to win em! See you there!
Wait, Manny Para? Roenicke is using MANNY PARRA in a 1 run game? Why does he hate us?
Stay in #hostels and ask the front desk staff about free and cheap things to do! They will usually know!
"longing" is like an emotional roller coaster!! I don't know what to think or expect anymore,to hope or not to hope for them
Slow day today! What's going on in your world? Anything exciting we should know about?
- Yes, it was great bumping into you! Hope you enjoyed the rest of your trip home in Wisconsin. :)
Sadly, no. I wanted to, but I was passing by it on a bus. It looked huge, though!
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
most definitely
we have not received an email, please send us one at . We apologize, we haven't been using Twitter lately
Love your new nickname. RT : Didn't think it was possible but using my new Dyson ball vacuum brings even more joy to cleaning.
Been good! :-) When's your next LA show?“: Thanks! It's definitely an adventurous project! Lol =P How have u been?"
How Was Your Easter Girl? :)
Goodnight everyone sweet dreams p.s today was the best birthday ever!:)
if u dont save me some
No good single malt scotch but video games and comfy chairs.
This rainy, cold weather makes me just want to stay in bed!
Sitting on the speaker waitin for Cold Cave. My ass is pumpin.
Its Jake from State Farm.
it was my pleasure....
Very nice to catch up with
When was the first known -Reparations Case-?
Why is a school zone 20mph? That seems like the optimal cruising speed for pedophiles...
I went to sleep at like 2.
The thing w/ Lincoln is he's having success because he's going w/ just 2 pitches (his best 2). Can't do that as a starter.
“: Haters hating on #Aquarius because they are the most original.”
4 more followers please
RT : If you could only follow 5 people on , who would they be? #top5tweeps (via )
haha I remember watching u run 400 at centennial invite looking back at everyone in the race!
ha tell me
I remember I used to get like that lol RT“: My phone keeps being slower and slower... I'm about to launch this shit”
Book trailer is finished...really pleased with the little musical theme. Giving some trusted eyes a look for crit, then it will be posted!
“ I would rather have a career I LOVE than a job which pays well but makes me sick......#IJS”
Excited to start my New Orleans week by seeing at tonight... Next week, NOLA w/ !!
- thanks for the Mention!
Have you purchased your 61st Annual Man & Woman of the Year tickets? valleyleadership.org #phx,
Yay! 30 Rock was renewed for it's 7th season! Sad that it's its last season though :(
Why are we watching trailers?
Thank YOU, for rocking my mind at Brick City Sound Riot!
OH: at the ballpark. "later on she's gonna be wearing nothing but that giant foam finger. "
:'( not only is hurt but i got tickets for warped tour just 2c bvb on july7 & ive ben lookin 4ward to this for so long
You need it. The relaxation will feel so much better afterward. I promise.
Thanks for the shout out! I had a great fun during your demo and look forward to seeing you again soon.
Two shows tomorrow in boston. Come. 1st at Mcgann's for a day show, then Allston for a basement show. get in contact for details
Of course, the biggest challenge to mobile location is battery life.
Is there a video of yesterday's conference?
I'm listening "Sssnakepit" by
good night!!!
. It should also lead you back to your car and have the after-hours emergency phone numbers for all the garages.
So, what do you think of our new website?
See ya later vermont.
#xen #xenserver been playing around with this tell me why am I buying vmware again?
What a cryptic Christmas message!
Excited about today's event about to kick off!
Wow!!!! 2 quick goals the and now they are up 2-1 in the 3rd! They are like sharks, they attack when they smell blood!
Well if you can't DM me you can't spam me then right.
Gunna take a shower and get ready :-)
Spent all day recovering on sunday and today is going to be great
He was leaning that way. His recruitment is far from over. Bielema ended up with guys like Gordon (Iowa) & Zagzebski (Minny).
YES and YES gorgeous all around! :)
Remember we can't have matter without energy. So what you think matters! -Heavon
yes he did!
Why don't you just tag me in it next time.
for the past week i've had one of your songs stuck in my head at night....
Ur tweets look interesting, but i dont want to follow b/c something abt ur pic bothers me.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations will begin shortly.
Today is so screwy for me! Lol idk what is going on?!
We are open from 10:00a-5:30p today. Come and visit us for a drop in. Regular scheduled classes for Monday will be held. Happy MLK day!
With the volume turned high.
Understanding is a two-way street. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
chicago does have the best pizza! having fun yet?
When you want to hear "Oh Sheila" by Ready For The World, really only "Oh Sheila" will do.
6969696969- your so adorable :) and I love talking to u when u actually talk . Please come back into my life idk what I would do without u
go Cathy! Are you training for a race?
DJ's All DJ's if u spin in any Strip Club IDC where it is I need your email's Get at me ASAP!!!
All weather is joy division weather
RT : If I didn't have anything to complain about I wouldn't have anything to tweet about
follow me please!
Nürburgring. That is all.
By taking on the role of a historical person, does the Twitter-er always act in bad faith?
pretty darn good lol. How bout you?
Had a great bday today I love my friends. School was pretty good I can't complain
The Gallery is open from 12-6p; Creative Writing Night Workshops begin at 4:30p. See you soon!
First day of Spring Break! Come to the FFL today at 2PM to see Alvin & the Chipmunks: CHIPWRECKED!
thanks for the retweet!
hunting coyotes this morning. They will not stay away:(
So exhausted from practice :P
I think their should be a show about digital file #hoarders. If there was I'd be the star. Do I really need ad proofs from 2 jobs ago?
My kingdom for Vesuvios!
very cool! Love the inclusion of Hilton history to the project.
are you going to be in LA in early August? :)
Because He lives,I can face tomorrow!
...did he just say "libary"?
I was much happier years ago, before I discovered "Geoff" is pronounced "Jeff." I long for that sunny, innocent world of Gee-oafs.
Neighbors above me are playing Pink Floyd on the patio. Thunder is literally rattling the windows in my place.
racing for shotgun isn't childish, we still play shotgun everytime we get in the car haha
cool. Same here
Alright Boomeraholics, I want to mention you tonight at 6:45. Drop your name here and I'll try and work your in. Go for it!!! ~boomer
Mikey Novak of Brookfield East, Jake Giffhorn of Catholic Memorial and Deonta Williams of Milw. South playing well for Wizards.
quiet down back there! I' ve taken enough guff from you for one day!
Future trend: We are moving toward having more data than storage space. Might already be there.
Thanks you for following us!
Can someone buy me an otter? They are so cute!!
you should check us out! Huge fan of
haha THAT is what I was channeling :) it's actually a Shakespeare quote, go figure...
Bane, Comeback Kid, and Give Up The Ghost ready to accompany me to the gym
just got to MARTA station myself...
Anyone in #Seattle news media know what the picket line at a Westlake construction site is all about? Signs read "Meter."
Are you admittedly #decorating-challenged? Make sure to get your sense of style communicated before you get your custom-design solutions.
RT : Very cool RT : The oldest #smcsea attendee ever (96) Bill Sellers (teaches Social Media to retirement community)...
Love you man! Bad game. We need to change it. 4 in a row... We must win on Wed. Let's go wolves fan
We just hrvsted a bunch from r garden! RT : Kale arm the body against the depleting effects of stress! Whoo Hoo for Kale!!
You are a big boy. You can tell me your other issues one day over a beer.
they are sure having fun though I'm pretty sure the one at the top is Minnie
I've been waiting my whole life for right now, so why not live it up?❤
Get tips for Easter decorating, recipes and more at the #HolidayHQ Twitter party tonite at 8PM EST.
They said Gangsta Rap n Heavy Metal music causes Violence. If thatz the case, what was Charles Manson listening to? Elvis
wow, it's crowded here today with a lot of familiar faces and some new ones too! I guess people are getting down to business post #sxsw!
it sucks
Only the best restaurant ever! ;)
Thanks for the RT, !
When My neighbor sees me practicing shoulder stands in my backyard...
keep beard and stay away from impact. But golf (on a public course) is a nice game.
Dude i'm so sorry about all that shit. This is the first time that I've had wifi all tour.
i see this, & also know my cousin wants 2 send her kid 2 best schl possible. her main focus. how 2 address?
Yes, yes, yes, ! Hey, that rhymes. I'm a poet and didn't know it...haha
Down goes duke!!!
Xrays on the foot tomorrow. PLEASE DONT BE BROKEN. i will kill someone if it is. </3
never ever, not ever, AT ALL!! 😊
spread the word for my Passions by K accessories! We have great styles and variety! Thank you!! We need more followers!
Mike West "Horses can be hot"
Just thought some other BHs might enjoy them like I did.
Pops tripn man..he want me to ask fa my bike back..u know I wouldnt even trip *Red from #Friday voice ...Ctfu
oh I deff will!!!!
A: "Of course we can have that. To identify and resolve a conflict is not so easy, but it doesn't take that much time."
can i send u a hot track please
Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Take a Min and dance today to celebrate!
OMG. It was my favorite movie when I was ~11 or so.
RT : Do i miss you? Everyday.
-___- Damn you!
Sometimes listening to what isn't said is more revealing than what people actually say...
yes just let me get the rope so i can kidnap you guys
:) all of them
Woo hoo! Unexpected book sale drops from the sky. I like those kind!
SamanthaG132 no problem!:)
We're rocking out at the UVA chapel! Come on down for some live tunage!
We had more parental involvement than past years.
Kevin Durant Finds His Groove, Has Oklahoma City Thunder One Game from a Sweep: A Fan’s Take
If Meghan had told Don to play "Taxman" off 'Revolver' instead of "Tomorrow Never Knows", he'd be, "F-ck yeah! The #Beatles!"
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
You'll have to follow to see the #RaptureTeboNow comments.
GROWN and SEXY! 90's Throwback Music @ Rocca Bar Oct 14th. Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND' Fri..GoDJKemo mixxing'
I felt it this time!
Mackbook Pro has arrived, loading with programs now. Our post production capabilities just doubled.
Its Take Your Dog To Work Day!!!
At the olive garden big line waiting flash my card get a table in 5 mins lol
A big #FF to my tweeter friends - am traveling in Europe and will be back next week
thanks bitches
prelim #adjunct data crunching: 15% unionized. AFT most common, but only represents 1%.
Please say happy bitrthdaycto me on your austream ! I will cry if you do ! Tears of joy <333
Hi Nathaniel, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
I think this is mostly a Twitter thing and that the other candidates have already overplayed it.
the #IB program is wack, 3 out of 15 exams complete. done #math for life
I am now heading out to my late lunch
I could tell a thousand people how I feel about you, not one person would understand..</3 #needs.someone.to.talk.to#
Hello! :) How r ya my friend???
Thank you to all our veterans and their families!
hey folks whats going on in this twitter world?
diet pepsi is real gross.
Blake griffin is hustling hard tonight. Playoff push
so nice of u to say! I remember speaking to ur class with hundreds of days still #SB46 and now only 7!
what the hell is a ginger? Lol?
Hey Baltimore, 1994 called. Stop doing the wave.
When you want something you can't have
Awesome! Get it girl!
it's hilarious! I love it!
are you on Facebook?
I hate when people say "over exaggerate". Getting that way with the new "re-watched" craze as well. Near that your/you're level
Arizona Integrative Wellness Coalition to be better mainstream
I do believe there is 281.. ha!(:
nah I didnt.. I see how it is tho.. Niggas
Quick bike ride before rehearsal this eve = bliss. Love this weather :)
Watching a french zombie movie, pretty good stuff so far.
Everyone blames the weatherman.
I met the most amazing man today; he lives in the mirror. WHATS UP
Well that wasn't the intended effect...dammit.
Today is a day for remembering and honoring.
Tonight's dinner special is Grilled Chicken Fettuccini; cream sauce of mushrooms, tomatoes and fresh spinach. 10.00
unfortunately...he did lol
You the female version of Chris bosh hoe.
Dear , why can't I 'retweet' photos from my feed to my followers feeds?
Little Monsters, let's trend
3 New Time-Saving Technologies
image in from katie
think about Ohio and triple that.
Leaving an hour late...today was so crazy productive I didn't want it to end! (I do, actually, have a life outside work, I swear!)
Love it!
He will be higher than a kite, and won't even realize he is in Baltimore. Of course he'll play it.
" #ThingsIDislike Liars and Cheaters! Stupid people! People that mess with those who are in a relationship cause they can't get their own!”
Hey baby, you're stealing my heart.
im the one that asked the question. they said it would be cool (;
Howard why didn't you just take your private jet?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen.. when u think u lost ur cell phone lol..
done and done
man its looking like i'll be between chicago boston and new york, what about you? you feeling anything for that hitz joint?
Yes! Yes! Yes! / is the BEST. Everyone that works there is SO great. <3
Just got 2 new juicy suits!! Yay! So excited
Time to save some lives today at the Blood Drive! Check the new songs!
stop being mean!!!!
"Deadpool needs Wings..." that and a better origin film.
Daily GTKY question: What is your favorite 70’s song?
I love #TeamFollowBack!
This Friday 4/29, come to the OTR Recreation Center for Final Friday OTR SKATING PARTY 8-11 PM! Proceeds go to OTR Rec Center! 1712 Race St
check out for support building/repairing your shelter or dogpark
I must get to barnes and noble!
No offense, but I need intellectual stimulation and I feel stupider for just having net you
": Congrats going to the Vikings!!!". Congrats go vikings go irish
nah I think he's done with that, if anything come chill at hami :-' lol
ahahaha, taste testers!
To his credit, Beatmaster V did get a lot better between the S/T Body Count album and "Born Dead."
damaged my samsung cell, trying out he htc hero. So far so good! After watching their recent press conference I'm interested in the mini!
Good morning my tweeties how is everyone today I'm back and feeling good. New goal 10000 followers follow me i follow back
"I want you to know that I am ready to go heartbeat, my heartbeat. I want you to know whenever you are around I can't speak. I can't speak."
My one chance to meet and my parents won't take me :/
Darn, I get there at 5 pm tomorrow. You'll be killer!
Needs To Go Back On World Tour ASAP !
I'm not sure I know what you mean by that.
Maybe. At any rate, I'll try to better explain what I want in the feature request.
just downloaded your cd...wow!!! definitely no Candy Dulfer and tenor too...wow again!!!
Tired. Missed dinner. But at least the game is on and I have wine.
I wonder what kind of excitement my commute holds for me this AM???
so what if biden said "smartass" he's keeping it real and "real" people can't handle it. Whatever!
16th Annual Purple Foot Festival at set for Sept. 18th!
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
He has a hot streak for the New York Knicks then fades to mediocrity...he is the most Linteresting man in the world.
What do lawyers do after they die?They lie still.
Good Morning ! :)
Hang with my mamma, watch movies, make cakes. all that fun stuff
Ok, so I'm pretty much over Texas right now. I wanna get out of here 4ever, so bad.
. Austin, please follow me. It would mean alot! I cant believe your actually moving close to me(: #pumped! Anyways, follow?!(:
Signing up is a breeze. Simply visit FailFL.com/signup Use the registration form or click the Facebook Connect button for one-click access!
At Enterprise Rent a car, then off to Dallas to see Jackie and our grandkids! YAY!!!
Can you smoke sage This invention in truth painting on the intellect ...
Spoke with an old friend last night. Literally inspired me to write a dope relationship song looking forward to recording it.
Whaddaya think about that, tho? Me: is it honest, in that LD is herself an unglam non-P-Hilton heiress? Or trust-fundiness=dull?
All proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
I hear ya buddy. How did you guys do?
i am a big fan of nigella lawson ...
Anybody tryna rap with me? Just RT
get at me for collabs i got the track serious ppls only down south or a eastcoast rappers for this track
Just got my new issue of Lucky and noticed you in there! Congrats! You are beautiful and I love your yoga DVD "Yoga Anywhere"!
"Saved if only for a few more days..."
Wow Teresa's kids are just horrible. No manners no nothing
lol I'm thinking it will be lots of fun
Many foundations, including many in NJ, are required by their charters to fund in specific locations.
I told you Laker fans it would get crazy. I knew it would be a blow out. Wednesday will be as well.
RIGHT? AH KNOW.
Ha - that's great.
7s<A8 D button to SB 90k flip then a8<a9 when a fish raped me by limp calling my shove from the cutoff. Busto sigh. Round 3 Tom.
free movie posters
You'll get the job for sure! Quit worrying
I finally understand "this hurts me more than it hurts you". You can do it!
“: Homies teachers on there red now it's hot”
Finally seeing the descendants!
"John Edwards has a serious heart condition" - Huff Post; "Is it that he DOESN'T HAVE ONE?!?!?" -John's ex-wife (via a medium)
It should please me to start the 2nd quarter man up, but we know better.
we just confirmed a show wed august 24th. more details soon!
Norris Cole just dunked lol
Thanks for the follow! "A different language is a different vision of life" Federico Fellini Are u enjoying learning English?
It has a saucer and everything.
totally did not realize that I was on twitter - but now I am! Tweet tweet! Watch out world...
We've noticed a PPC trend with Yahoo/Bing with several clients...very high impressions and low click-throughs. Opposite of Google.
Is that Dr. Caution? RT : Beltline EB- Accident at John Nolen Dr. Caution
People underestimate the power of telling a good story.
Denver has a framework to reciprocate to artists and creatives who drive economic development.
If you're following #edreform4digera panel, follow my colleague -- she's there! (I'm having trouble getting consistent stream.)
dont worry, the awesomeness of the game will more than make up for not being able to play 2ppl online. I cant wait!!!!
It's cooling off in Hotlanta, Georgia
if you emailed me bro. I never got it.
I wish I had time to sneak away from the office to check out the #DCBloggerbakesale for at 15th & M!
type much? and good idea. use it more though!
#RyanBraun is definitely not the type of guy that would take PED. He's too straight edge and perfect. He's innocent. Enough said.
Voice all in my head
Spoken like a true teenager.
Why yes, I *am* the idiot who after 4 years of living in this city got on a blue line train and ended up at Arlington Cemetery.
yes!!!!! omfg all the awards go to him tonight. Shit
Travis is a Game of Thrones fan who couldn't get his hands on a dragon's egg.
Happy Groundhog Day! Are you excited or disappointed Puxatony Phil saw his shadow?
I'm a new teacher in Baltimore city public schools, learning Looking to build my PLN at
. However, I know WAY more about homelessness than I ever wanted. Enough to know it's not funny.
I agree!
your too funny, imy!
time to create another mix.....
Why must you forget about me :/
Feh. Looks like del.icio.us is being shut down by Yahoo.
It's my personal paper score. Is there anything specific you need?
My teeth or should I say lack of teeth hurt so fucking bad...
the east river has the satin sheen of sheet metal--very lovely
if you're hosting the NCAA selection show party again, tell to leave his date at the movie this time...
finna go shopping for 2night ! anyone wanna join?
i like that start c;
Guest at the Alliance meeting. One accomplishment they highlighted is TN the Development a statewide Parent Advisory Council.
Stop ignoring me:( plz follow
Hello, Everything! To all the fans of Craig Horner from Legend of the Seeker, his birthday is today and I like to see if anyone can help me.
First up today: Pam Cooper speaking about creativity and creating your own recipe for innovation.
He was ashy -_- THEM KNEES
Very classy!
Nice story to head to bed on!!
If you paying to perform at any show in SE Missouri you getting jerked!
Following 's "King of Bain" video, what's the over/under this political cycle on total allusions to The Police?
Questions prevent ignorance.. Questions already answered promote ignorance
Dear Guys, until you start having periods, babies, and watching the one you love be with someone else, you're not as strong as you think.
Don't forget - we're selling official Green Bay Packers Super Bowl merchandise in the lower lobby of the theatre! (while supplies lasts!)
: or she's a secret line cutter. ;-)
madison pembleton is a queen named queen madmadison
galveston! my sister and i spent the morning/afternoon there.
it's a site with tutorials on how to use certain programs like photoshop, GarageBand, windows and Mac programs. But it costs.
yeah, after I figure out prices ...........and ask my mom -_- lol
it takes honest dialogue current repubs are'nt ready
He makes me smile :)
you know wassup especially cause we have the same name ;p
It's Simple...it's just ain't Easy. People make that mistake all the time.
Seen alot up there but don't be scared who needs actions when u got words
Tinsley for the 3
I definitely cried during the movie hahaha :(
As President, mitt romney would decimate remainder of the USA that gw bush left intact!! RE-Elect President Obama for FAIRNESS & Prosperity
Come out and canvass with us. Groups going out daily!!
"I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation. I will sing to the Lord, for he has been good to me" -Psalm 13:5,6
Even if it were made here; who's to say they'd conduct their finances any different? Romney anyone?
beards demand sustinence, like the rest of us
Congrats on your nomination for Independent Artist of the Year with Southern Star Media Group! So Happy For YOU!!!!
Nighttime lap swimming at outdoor pool in December, steam rising off the water under the lights.
Hope's Anthem by Bethel Music on repeat!!
I love ice cream cake!
So many light skin chicks with big forehead outside right now
It really sucks when someone is mad at you and you don't know why. Especially when they block you from Facebook and Twitter. Who knows.
Going into championship season with my "Who Gon Stop Me" attitude.
#UNT needs a baseball team, I'll coach
Do u know if we will be able to buy the
Me too! RT RT On behalf of Texas, I'd just like to apologize for Rick Perry.
"You never close your eyes, anymore when I kiss your lips....."
Cheese sticks r BEAST!!!!With pasta!!
Yay Sophie won #survivor!!! Girl power!!
We're still honoring our 50% off any service until the end of the year. No bait n switch. Just trying to build a new biz.
The New Negro. Kinte and Linen. Christmas and Kwanzaa.
#teamnosleep trend it
Pope meets Raul Castro in Havana
I was wondering what was in it, looks like grapes or raisins? I am a vegan but I'm not sure I'd touch that! lol
Ahh is on I so forgot she was supposed to be on today but so love her singing!
Check out all our new adademic publications at www.enrichprofessional.com. This month: The Green Economy & its Implementation in China
Is there a way that I can get my "one team member" access back?
50 kids just pulled up infront of my apartment to fight. dang yall don't you have better things to do..like get into
Taking my first meditation class tonight & seriously can't imagine a better end to this insanely busy week.
yezzir we did and we got em all week lol
that's a sweet set of towels
Visit us in the Menil parking lot today for Bare Bowls--both lunch and dinner until they run out.
We got Ciroc on deck if u tryna get some hmu
RT #ThatMomentWhen you see an "Ex" or someone you used to mess with & ALL the "good" memories start flashing back...
... I shall have peanut wear her new bow
Owners Fly, Players Bike
I know that why I don't wanth to but I fell bad just saying
that's something you should brag about on facebook so your mom can see. unless you're trying to build up cred on your stoner acct
Happy 42 day!
Happy Friday Beautiful People! SAG-AFTRA merger Approved! #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
i do please(:
You ever listen to Procol Harum Live with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra? First major rock/orchestra mix. Brilliant.
RT : Kenny Vaccaro just announced he will be coming back for 2012.
only shortly before he died in 1519.
do you guys take reservations for mothers day brunch?
I'm a touch suprised that Google search doesn't convert hexadecimal to RGB automatically.
What does the President's Professor in the Biology dept. do? Come find out! Pub Night in Hannon Library, Weds, 5:30pm, Level 3
"Gals can scare a fella"...but "fellas can go their whole lives relying on buddies"
All my favs!!!
i was kind of thinking that berdy has been cruising under the radar here. quietly lethal it appears.....!
i will!
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 27, 2012 Banks cooperate to track Occupy protesters The world ’s biggest banks are working with
I can!
Goodmorning! Or well, it's morning here :P
Who doesn't love Mr. Toads Wild Ride?
follow she is amazing
I just discovered that Mrs. Doubtfire now works at the CVS on Main Street in Salem.
exactly why hard knocks would focus on his hair...trials & tribulations of staying close-cut or growing out again. Amazing TV.
Real Gs grow n get doe
Feeling refreshed and renewed! Love being newly optimistic and planning for greatness!
Be my drug dealer
Don't mind me. I'm just sitting here ... watching you tweet.
Fundamentally they are sequence collection of tattoos roundly the arm.
OMFG LALA HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU ! YOU ARE NOT FAT.
About to step back out.
It's raining cats and dogs out there! Cutest. Storm. Ever.
Guys in muscle shirts>>>>
Will do!
G.M.N.I.: Would you mind if I tongue kissed your navel?
Aww poor guy. Can he still walk? How'd he get hurt?
"Hey darling, I hope your good tonight. And I know you don't feel right when I'm leaving."
thanks for following!
Do not click on emails from twitter saying you have unread messages. It is not from Twitter and has a virus
Having work to come home to after a long days work... Bo. Screw you thesis edits.
Thanks Kat, you're a sweetie!
BioOne site journal pages updated with newly released 2009 ISI Impact Factors and category rankings - 110 of 160 titles now ranked
My friends *love* my Kofta burgers.
strictly family
Wow, I think I could make a list of what's not available by just writing down every movie I've ever wanted to see. :(
ew its thundering
Sorry your work is boring right now. I also hope your week isn't bad. You have a nice day also.
I love the twitter app its pretty
Ike! I hope he gets a pie to the face tonight.
Sirens are going off everywhere on Maui as we wait for the Waves to come in about 30 more minutes. Eerie!
I PEED ON THE ALAMO LIKE OZZY. Okay, so since I got yalls attention... Follow
RT : Good sponsorship idea for next year: Branded Packets of Aspirin
ahh... hope she feels better soon :)
Can't believe I almost forgot about it, too. [[NSTwitterSearch alloc] initWithQuery:@"WWDC"]
With the lads❤
well I can't now so that purple dress is Gunnar be for when I go to church now
Can't wait to see my dad tomorrow :)
Any other reports of disappearing scheduled tweets?
17 years is quite an age for a cocker mix!
hi, just wondering if there is any general way i can contact retired players by mail, thanks in advance
Glad you found me. I sent you message on FB. Good luck w/ your film!
Women can be fine as ever sometimes, but they still might not be worth shit, Judge a book by its chapters, not it's cover.
Pix are coming next. RT : Haha. Monday Edition of the Leesa & Marcus Tweet ShowA RT : oh lord here we go lol
Yeah, what she said : )
Thanks for the follow guys! Aimee, would Kip's or The Depot want to be featured?
burned 185 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 brisk pace, uphill"
Today in 1996, Chemical Brothers (featuring vocals by Noel Gallagher of Oasis) hits #1 in the UK with "Setting Sun".
The Roots - Undun album is my shit.
If you're reading this. Right meow... Hai :] haha
nope. Concert season. See ya Friday!
We will be there bowling!
The votes are in and David Prosser is the winner of the Supreme Court race. The margin is 0.49%. So will there be a recount?
I hate my new body wash and now I have to smell myself for the rest of the day. The horror.
Hahahaha, "where did he post those?" "Which one?"
yeah I forgot SUN wah is closed on Thursdays WTF! yeah I could already taste it...hm now what will I eat...pumpkins & bacon drippings nah
If I see Zac at a show, I will call him a puto out of love.
Forgive us, the entire collection that we have available that is. The first 7 volumes. Vol. 8 is coming within a few months (God-willing.)
Awesome! Sounds great. Feel free to email me if you have any Qs ..
Happy thanksgiving. Our lead singer/guitar player is at Carey lake tonight and Friday while the rest of the band eats and drinks
no new fone today I got in trouble last night
Corgi owners are the new crazy cat lady.
today was funny as hell kmsl
RT : Alabama's new anti-immigrant law threatens public safety and deters kids from enrolling in school. We just filed suit. More soon!
Get involved: Our next coalition meeting is this Thurs 4/1 at 6pm - new member meeting at 5:15. Pizza will be served!
Heading back from Mets victory.
coach k ya idiot. Has white players in his team and wins ships against teams that are more talented.
You can't expect to sit on your ASS and see PROSPERITY! That's like drinking OJ & Roach Spray, JUST STUPID!
miss u too lady! She still in the bed sleep girl!
today's payday, and i'm about to get me new license for my 21st.
Being sick sucks.
GTC... Gym. Tan. Criminal Minds.
Gotta love when Potter Puppet Pals skits get stuck in your head. "Harry Potter. Harry Potter."
Borders books will close all stores nationwide. I don’t think this is what the Republicans meant by “closing our borders.”.
Hey, people who walk around glaring, we would be more pleasant to you if we weren't so afraid.
how many feeds are in your rss reader? I have 236 and cannot come close to reading all the article each day.
as opposed to the shoegaze that's just always staring at your tits.
I could tweet 1,000 Times and I would never get a reply. I'll try again next time. Off to bed :l
tough times for us! Lol
Got a new web site you want spidered? Submitting through Google’s regular submission form can take weeks
I thought Landins next debut would be as an offensive lineman somewhere.
Bad timing.
A #career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
I'm reminded in this moment how much I love Prince. A lot.
I deleted my facebook account again today. I lasted 8 months last time. Hopefully this time it's permanent.
Hi Ben, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510 8321100
has finally entered the world of twitter. The catalysts? God and Justin Bieber.
Good Morning Farmers! Swing by today & pick up our strain of the day; Platinum OG! AND receive 10% off concentrates all day! See you soon ;)
Huge thanks to everyone who came to packet pickup today! It was a big success. Our volunteers worked HARD!
the pic of i was lookin at the pics u had and i saw it and Lol i saw 1 of this ugliie ass guy LMFAOO
Jesse & Austin "hey your tits are showing" me *looks down at shirt feels really stupid* i'm wearing a very high collared shirt -__-
i got there like ten minutes til close bc I hadn't eaten anything all day and all i could think was crawfish quesooooo
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
I truly LOVE teaching morning classes. They make my overall productivity for the day skyrocket!
I meet some cool people during my day!
Julie, sounds like a wonderful cause. Please email info to me at
we had a blast with you and ! Can't wait to see you all soon!
North Carolina!
go team!
I tweet DM, in the BM, you see 'em, the bucket, you love it Motherfuckers on my dick, suck it
I also sent that like a while ago but I did something wrong (What a shock) and it didnt send. so yeah... :)
RT : Surely Manpacks needs a big data solution and european based CRM systems.
well its either that, or you over think things way to much, i like the first version personally
that's spanish for.... The Nino.
cause 23 is your number
done. Please follow me Zayn
Cher, would you ever consider coming to Florida? You may not have as many fans like UK/NY but i am a huge fan! love you
AHH! tickled me an hour ago, #mahomies help me get tickled:D you know you like it when he tickles me(:
yeah, i'm excited but am not surprised, nbc did this with #Chuck too
I have too.... but i know the nuber1 girl tour not gonna be free n tickets arnt on sale on ticketmaster :(
Yes... see, I started another twitter account and thought this one can be fun for me to rant and other can be professional.
It's good to hear Zoey is better, poor thing!
Fridays always seem more boring than normal weekdays
- on that note, challenge via is coming your way
up now #nyudatamine How and why study big cultural data?
let me look up NYC showtimes and flights. K?
Figured it was either this or get a real estate license. This is way cheaper.
Ass Dark? I kinda like it.
you know why i killed the code right... time to evolve and let the chips fall where they may... bye if u r a cop i wantmy lawyer present
Built my first Revit plugin in C#-hello world!
No. Quite the opposite. And on that note, your child needs a cuteness reduction. Cuteness to the MAX! ;)
nope :( but if i eat it befor 10 i'm usually ok :)
that's vince's favorite. i think he asked if we could run it more often...
It's a Pirate's Life For Me :)
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
RT : The is doing great things on ! Definitely worth checking out.
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
thanks 4thinking of me re: - actually it's a BRANDnew thing - i'm curious too, apply 4 scholarship!
anyways , who are you ? Sike nah lol what's up
#SAD will never be the same RIP MCA :( RT #BeastieBoys co-founder Adam Yauch has died; was in cancer treatment since '09
you're coming next time!
#ghettocrayolacolors fake ass rims Silver
NEW SONGS, GO CHECK EM OUT.
Welcome to twitter :)
Legally defensible Retention and disposition is key.
#FashionStar I would buy Kara if her stlye would fit curves, luv dresses ronnie makes, nzimiro perfect for guys!
Couldn't of asked for a better night (:
The ladies did right by #ShakeItOut #Glee. And a lovely acting perf by the #awesome tonight on
hey bro.. still never received my hardcover version of footprints.. what's up with that!
Awesome!! I am a big fan of working out. :-)
is crazy!! LOL
My husband says I use coconut oil like the guy from My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses windex. Whatever the ailment, I say "put some oil on it."
looks handsome presenting our favorite
You know you're stressed out when you have a nightmare that the pile of work on your desk begins to attack you.
TOPIC OF DISCUSSION: MINUTES AWAY. PITTSBURGH, PA'S FINEST RISING STAR, A LYRICAL MASTERMIND AT HIS PRIME, YOUNG BRAVO!!FOLLOW
Hearing McMurtry play "No More Buffalo" live at Shank. Life's good.
I cannot believe I just now found out you were in Charlotte. I would have come to see you! I hope it was fun.
that awkward moment when no one ever knows what rynas saying, but she finally found nicoles tumblr! :D
I upvoted you! I'm curious too, haha.
alex at starlight tattoo did it. =]
i just realized today i DONT own a Darkseid shirt... then realized what better place to find one?!?
WOOT! Finding it hard to focus. So pumped!!
bout time lol jk and why arent u folling me brat? i just noticed that lol
So Potholes readers prefer Azealia to Purrp. Got it.
I am also a free thinker
It's insane to think that 250 years after nation's founding MS RWNJ would reject our founders Diest faiths ... they have moved backwards.
i have my own style of promotion, that is what I call my artistry!
No explanation needed. I know you're busy and I'm happy that you are. Keep bringing it. People will see how special you are.
could really use a tennis partner today!
Miami #Dolphins new RB from Canadian league, Jerome Messum is 6'4", 245 lbs & a 4.4s (40 time) and broke a teammate's jaw.
Let's celebrate #ColumbusDay by walking into someone's house and telling them we live there now.
finally gave in and got a Twitter!
Going to the Remlinger Farm Pumpkin patch with Maasai's class
Hey AJB! Thanks for chattin' it up and the autographs today! Welcome to the Rose City,it was worth the coast switch!
The radio is filled with garbage over techno beats, and all these songs about cash are what we just don't need.
ok good! You scared me for a minute! I like your hair long :)
Congratulations & welcome!!! RT : : Just got accepted into 's one-year, #IMBA program!
My Quote of the Day - "Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.", Mae West
Finally saw Midnight In Paris. Why do movies always show nerdy guys landing hot chicks but never the opposite? If only girls ruled H'wd...
What is the craziest dream you've ever had?
lol... you are straight cooked sometimes but I def. respect the hustle...
#ItsAmazingHow Austin is so hot!
Impressed by the book collection at #JCREW- #JohnCage, Richter, #NYC urban landscapes line the shelves above clothes. #biblio minded
RT - Blaine Gabbert is a couple of 4th-quarter David Garrard mental mistakes from being the starting quarterback of the...
I'll pee on it! Oh wait thats for jelly fish burns!
I actually can't wait to see that movie. It's been a while since I've said that.
bored out of my mind. -__-
Did you know white wine gets darker as it ages while red wine gets lighter. . .
Interesting #sportsbiz note: Callaway golf sponsors segment on MLB Network. Where else do you see cross-sport move like that?
": BREAKING: Indonesian officials reporting 8.9 magnitude earthquake off Aceh; Tsunami warning issued." #prayers for all involved
Bikeride down the jersey shore
honestly, I have no fucking clue. I just want my whiskey back in the office.
Well this is depressing.
Join Thursday 1/20/11 from 5 pm - 9 pm @ Montage Tasting Room & Wine Bar for a free #wine tasting. 304 Liberty St. Morris, IL
Congrats Heather!
Not renewing a program and saying you have nothing to fill the slot is like running out of tuna and saying we have no food!
Frozen fresh blueberries:great cold snack, full of anti-oxidants. Great for late night snackers, instead of the ice cream or worse choices.
Today is Wednesday and that means $1.00 breakfast Tacos $1.00 coffee and $1.00 juice Made Fresh to order NOT FAST PREMADE FOOD!!
Just saw #HungerGames. I enjoyed the novels, albeit the first two more than the third. I thought it was incredibly well done!
I support you 100% your great and everything you do and your gorgeous! Please follow me!!
"Alien Behind Obama While Saying Im God Chroma Key " Yeah sure I'll click this vide......WAIT HOW THE FUCK DID I GET HERE!
Baby sitting <<<
Just watched Rich Rod's press conference... Guy is classic. Glad to have him as the AZ football coach. Funny dude.
Hate getting blamed for talking in class when I wasnt -.-
well, look at where ur at now. and look at where they're at now..ur better off making the money.
I won't clean my house unless I'm BLASTING . Sorry mom.
Thanks Reynolds....that was amazing stab at 3rd. You just cost Chen a chance for a win in his debut asshole!
Rap wasn't interesting to me until like.. Beginning of the 2000's. When college dropout dropped. Before that I was more into r&b and rock
love you to sis
Surprisingly has the urge to go golfing again with (I'll finished 9 holes this time)
“Why don’t honest journalists take on Roger Ailes and Fox News?“
I will definitely check em out thanks!!
Girls are so weird. I don't care who you know honey. Carry on
Excellent marketing tactic. I believe that was their purpose...
When faced w/2 choices #flipacoin not bcuz it w/decide 4 u but in that brief moment when coin is in air u suddenly know what u r hoping 4.
I possibly have one. Very early stage and may be a bit loose with the definition of startup. Crazy day ahead, I'll email you later?
Did I make the right choice? I hate this guilt feeling. Ugh.
we don't believe u ...u need more people lls **in my JAYZ voice**
Congrats to Mandy! RT : Found out I won the Pat Hoefling Memorial Scholarship to go to #aaup12 today! Yay!
deal!(; No I have an iPhone
Charges were scratched, saw the replay of the clippers/thunder game, grubbing at La Canasta, so far so good!
BECAUSE THE NIGHT
Your fucking annoying.
RT “I will meditate on all your works and consider all your mighty deeds.” – Psalm 77:12. // Give God's word some time today!
I don't know but I'm sick of him for real.
Above all else I pride myself on loyalty & it is one of the most important characteristics I look for in my friends
Only if it increases chapter membership.
Well, I'm thankful I have headphones. I love my parents, but both of them have obnoxiously loud laughs.
Kentucky putting a clinic on these boys.
"A man that is willing to share you... DOES NOT LOVE YOU!"
oh you know me too well!!!
Its juss how my birthday is a week from today like wow time sure does fly by
“It is impossible to get the measure of what an individual can accomplish unless the responsibility is given to him.”
Happy Labor Day everyone. Diamondisc Audio is closed today, will pick it back up Tuesday a.m.
We're experiencing a heavy barrage of spam which is affecting email delivery. A solution is being worked on now!
what's news mate?
Signed up for the Tri-State Tough Mudder! I noticed that est completion time is the same as 7-mile NorCal Event? That right?
of course we are hopefully sometime this week
In top 16 for umvc3 losers side, and in Skullgirls grand finals! Gonna be on stream after Blazblue!
class? What's that? I thought you taught Sat mornings?
How are we talking
After the take on today head to Captain Morgan Club for !
Slow jams are so relaxing <3
Great Black Friday Deals! See our Shop!
used to by packs at Scotty's Comic Shop in San Francisco
I had an interesting conversation last evening on the structural problems and risk assessment in institutional education
I'm scared to get old o_o
You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.
I'll send one over but you probably won't receive it for another week? :(
Austin should do a shirtless ustream omg ♥
Reading Romeo & Juliet -.-
Also, I think your account may have been hacked. I've gotten a couple direct messages from you that go to a fake twitter page.
I hate when people talk bad about my family. I don't let that shit slide 😡
"The birds are the keepers of our secrets" Guy Garvey.. ♥ bri
Oh & dresses that you can't wear bras in/need small titties
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened. - Mark Twain
Do you have the Scout Mob app? They have a coupon for Villa-O
is beautiful!!
Still looking for #ISTE2011 hotel rooms in case anyone knows of any available.
i fancy doodling something for :o i think i shall!
What a day.. Got to be crafty, decorated a xmas tree, & got my dance on.. Also conquered a bull!! BAM whats next... 8-)
": To all the fat chicks that only take pics from the neck up .... good try ...good try..."
Look at the stars, look how they shine for you
This 8th grade band recital will be a travesty if they don't honor MCA with a rendition of "Intergalactic"
Just because one road is blocked, does not mean that the destination is unreachable. You can always find another road, or make your own. An…
We miss you on air in Orlando..Good luck in Philly.
#nisoEbook MUSE currently uses PDFs fir both ejounals and ebooks ingest and export. May consider ePub in future.
aw don't be sad I'll bring you a chocolate chip cookie Danny
I hope you mean that in a good way! ;-)
check your dm.
Shout out to follow him ^_^ GO FOLLOW
on may 15th our new television travel series debuts on pbs in the us. really excited.
The sad thing? Im single. The happy part? Im single.
Follow Fonts HD to keep up to speed with our latest products, developments, and savings!
I forgot Rihanna's ex-boyfriend's name...Then it hit me...
How do you think we can get back on track? I want freedom, justice and democracy, not more partisan hate-mongering.
Beautiful day for a swirly treat!
Am I missing something with this #Gotye guy? He puts me to sleep. In fact it looked like he almost put himself to sleep on
Back to la where I belong
Working our way up to the show on Sat nite. Hope u can be there. Wonderfully talented people who are a pleasure. Great show last weekend.
We'll be happy to have you. Bring bells if you like, but for the sake of the children please wear pants.
Repubs. are not 'nuturing' They they are 'punitive'
I don't need a summer job after I receive all the gift cards from walmart! #TooExcited I think in all like $5,000!!
I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!! OMG IM LIKE FANGIRLING!!! SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!! #SaySomethin :D #YEE #YEEUH Ah
Congratulations to you and your family!
-_- that was a good one !
There is one crucial rule that must be followed in all creative meetings. Never speak first. You job is to shut up. -- William Goldman
You know how the left is hoping Newt will win the primary? Perhaps we should be a weary of this. Wasn't the same said about Reagan in 80'?
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
got a parking ticket for $20 and she's crying #lmao btw her dad laughed at her
your very own Dallas #BBQ tour !
right? smdh maybe he realized his argument was groundless? haha
Who let Frank Drebin behind the plate tonight? This guys way off.
Do you have questions about #Chicago2012 Summit? will answer your questions all week! To ask him, just use the hashtag
Which market are you located in?
most of the time I do. But needed both open and it is just sucking memory
Hey Raven, Thanks 4 being a friend. You're a really cool person to know. Stay you shawty. Much Love 2 you !! Straight up!
Pretty much everyday after 5 pm my day gets better & better :)
Wow....so disappointed in a paper I read for years growing up...not anymore! way to support your own
The undecideds get throttled until they make a choice whether to be batshit crazy or a reasoning human.
Pshhh! You wish!
Great Saturday with Loving that he's back in DC!
Wahh the week is almost over, back to school Monday *tear* :'(
I do but perhaps that's showing my age!
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
If you were born in the 90's and didn't hear Blink-182 music as a kid, you were definitely a deprived child
u a bitch. I'll get u tho
That lovely moment when your best friend aka hacks into your twitter(:
that's what's up u goin to hangover_nite_set
In the meantime, we will be replacing the horse statue on the North Oval with a threatening carp with glowing red eyes.
Gods Bathroom Floor
yes RT : RT : Ed Reed said he considered retirement for 3 years straight.
Everytime I wash my hands I have to get 3 pieces of paper towel
What's good, ladies?!
Listening to my man this christmas eve morning
This boy think he cute, with his chipped crooked teeth.
what's with the technicals lately bro?
Working on a strong mind and body in preparation for the 2012 triathlon season!!
This post office line on steroids!
Done with the tanning. Rushing home. Damn shake got my stomach bubblin. # THERUNS
well i dont even know why i made a new twiter! seriouslY! lol evryone follow me :) <3333 thanku...
I love
hey I do.
<< stands 4 something...cause fallin 4 ANYTHING is not an option!
Cd realese party this Sunday then video shoot the next Sunday! Should be a lot of fun!
Totally agree with wisdom in your heading about a woman's capability. P.S. Only if she knows, YES she CAN.
am cool jst chiiling wat r u up to bro
Well, I'm out of shape. I couldn't even scrimmage for 10 minutes without dying.
Tom Brady 12
But I only have eyes for one boy and he dgaf about me.
When a girl goes missing..Adult: Something terrible must of happened hope she ok ...Us: Smt That Bitch is @ her bfs house...
Great footage for some Utube vids coming soon...hope everyone likes it.
Congrats on your win Bubba. Amazing performance!
How are things in Japan?
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
MLB games today from 11am-12am CT. I live for this, I truly do.
Thanks for the follow girl!! I love your profile quote!!!
I sure hope so! :o)
Hell yes, #Kings! I'm jumping on that bandwagon hard, and I'm really hoping they hoist it this year.
Weinberger (everything miscellaneous) reported to be impressed by the linked data energy across cultural heritage organizations
when are you going to come visit Baltimore? I think you'd have fun here
mission accomplished.
Belated thanks for the #ff love. :)
everybody was beast on there from shield agents to villians...I'm definitely gonna cop the dvd when it come out.
Today wuss a qudd day until I qot out of school.! Hope it continues.! not n the mood for anymore bs
Everythang!!..“: Well what can u do?”
Maybe he's in the studio now <3<3
If you haven't already, follow
"It's time that Walker come clean with the people of Wisconsin," Barrett said.
Writing, eating, reviewing, and cooking today. Need to perfect the right balance of gooey ganache for black bottom pecan pie. Tough day.
"We have lousy data habits and are in desperate need of help" from a research scientist presenting at
Eli Manning is so gross. So gross. Also take out your retainer.
A Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco De Mayo...That works!!!
Some people interpreted the election result as a vote of anger. They are making a mistake. It was a mature and conscious choice. --ALEXIS...
I wanna have sexual relations with oomf.
delayed response. Was out of office last week. This made me laugh tho. Always good to establish creepy factor off the top HA!
have a great show tonight. I wish I was there! Play up on the ridge for me!!;)
Hehe. I see that! Anyways, go NY Yankees & Rangers!!!!
Now I must see Iron Lady.
I feel like a pretty pretty princess...he woke me up;) # <3 God
: thank you! Hope you enjoyed your pastries to! :)
Another order of Living Dangerous shirts is going out! Who wants one???
And that's why lebron is not MJ or Kobe and he is y'all king ha
Moreover, Old Style beats RitualCleanse in taste & cleansing, while providing added benefit of a buzz to ease Jury Duty pain
Have you checked out the cruise deals? They're awesome! www.majkltravel.net RT Wish I was in Alaska
Dear Wednesday, Cool out for a second. I'm moving as fast as I can!
When you think about it, there are actually 181 whole integer lines of latitude on the planet, right? 0 to 90 N + 1 to 90 S=181.
I am wincing and wincing and wincing and watching 127 Hours.
Back to the ville with
Spotted: carrying water bottle around work today. Thanks for representing, Dan! :)
Think a margarita is in order.....
Cloud dev and biz unusual RT will you be at tomorrow? What session are you most excited about?
ghe...Nicki wouldn't know a bar if she got hit in the throat with one...how about a female that can actually spit?
cinco day drinking
A very good news is on the way!
#thatawkwardmoment when you're on campus and see the fubsy chick who was grinding on everyone last night
Smile pretty because you deserve to
your a funny guy. keeping it real i see hahaha!!
RT : "There's no reason to have a Plan B because it distracts from Plan A" - Will Smith
We're creeping closer to lunch time...who's heading to The Lube for lunch?
What you want want want, is what I want want waannt.. cone on rude booy(8)
or....maybe they can
THIS BOY RIGHT HERE SITTING NEXT TO ME TALKING BOUT SOME SEXY BIRDS I MEAN WHO DOES THAT
will do
school...then play practice...Then SPRING BREAK!!!!! :D
38 till 300! You guys rock!
im pulling an all nighter... then like at 8 I'm making my mom breakfast.
hahaha i know :) i love my phone tho
#ARCHER on F/X right now! Watch it!
box or piss station
Sitting here dieing laughing over Blondies mystery box!! Awesome
Rewriting an old(er) piano piece for orchestra; it's becoming a completely different kind of piece.
i would be a very happy person if you followed me.
He was grounded even though he only wanted to see if the worms would make her fly.
giving away free dog and cat treat bags for the holidays at our shop! come on bye!!!
Hahaha that is awesome!
At starbucks :D vanilla bean
Not even sure if that was genuine O_o
already sent a couple entries, hoping to attend in #chicago!
Not yet but that's one of my goals this summer haha
Let me get started on this work though
Proud of the #Naija crew especially the Yoruba's graduating #HowardUniversity who have taken MOST of the #PhiBetaKappa keys this year.
Expecting big thing from Brian Davis this week at the Heritage. Looks like a lock at 50-1.
Our Original Glazed doughnut recipe made us famous 75 years ago. Who knew it would still be delicious?
I have a strict 'don't have actual conversations' via text with girls I've just met. It's a horrible start to any relationship.
haha, or the snarl .... gay face!
First Thought: Damn the head must be a monsta
just left
I eat at school lol
Tonight I'm gonna Marry The Night.
glad you guys are doing it again. Will def hit you up later!
Just ran into mr. Brown at the post office. He made my day.
In FSU iPad use study, some students still not comfortable shifting to e-textbooks.
This week & will be on #okcshow to talk marketing in the digital age and more.
I apologize in advance for anyone who has to edit my research paper tomorrow.......
#ImThatPersonWho over thinks things way too much.
how can you do that to us?
RT : funny account to follow:
Always know when to walk away, no matter how hard it may be.
Oh my I feel like an old old woman!
whoever is hating on u want the life u have thats why they keep starting shit with u
I didnt know it was your bday. Well happy bday beautiful
Keep calm and wear Vlados.
Experiencing awful customer service from ! Argh!
YOUR A DORK.
My computer messed up so I'm switching to Mom's other one and I gotta get blood work done tomorrow it's gonnabe a long night for me. *Sighs*
best ever
Follow my Freinds! and THEY CAN GET YOU 100's of FOLLOWERS!
How do you use your JD’s the most often? Do you make #homemadesalsa or do you use it to spice up your dishes?
is that recent?
grand opening is sat. the 19th. discounted rides & free hot dogs/sodas! come on down, eat & enjoy the sun on the bay! 562.5GO.2HYD
I love when you can look back at your life, know what lessons you learned, and think #whatthehellwasithinking?
hahaha...well then pass the strawberries!
We love you! What a joy to see you in person. Pls come back in November!
Tonight, I bought my wedding shirt/tie, played guitar for 2 hours, and found my missing Royals hat. I am punching the sky so hard right now.
Since David Letterman swore off tweeting, I feel I must fill the void
Yes, but the reps will advise u on how much ur saving, in both time AND $$.
It's over now. I am one with the Timeline....
it happens, there are many people that just can't keep up with my wittious banter...yes thats a word now.
if its C10 Frontier, see u there ;)
Warrant had already been issued for Zimmerman per
#hth2012 Yan: giving great talk. Looking at dynamics of Web media / nationalism and heritage. "Bottom up" is not always pretty!
first week of school was a success!! Now to work on English II projects... ._.
I haven't seen her. Do you have a link to a picture or her twitter? I don't get why people have to be rude
": Can't wait til my show this weekend. Me and my
If you obey all the rules, you’ll miss all the fun. ~Katherine Hepburn
how many times over the past yr have you been solicited by attorneys and agents to join the concussion lawsuits?
Now I know that its okay to be afraid as long as you show up.
Happy Egg Hunting!
There is the
- very good thanks! How about yours?
Whew. Long drive finally back home I need a shower!!
thanks guys. Means a lot, been a hell of a day.
My 18 month old loves
A 5 shot lead with 1 to go. #Tiger to close this one. How sweet it is!
BABOOM BABY WOO SHELLY DUNCAN FTW
we knew. Fag
Sabato's Crystal Ball lecture from this past Saturday's MTTS event now available on U.Va.'s iTunesU!
Be careful, don't get food poisoning there. Watch out for Vandersloot
#GoAwaySnow You are not welcome.
Hi Okto it is great to hear from you. Best to your family and Popo and Luna cats.
LOL. It is! XD That was the song me and her were obsessed with for like forever.
It's a great day for a walk!
He makes me smile! =)
Make #Highland proud! Go Big Ben.
Social Media Reporting – Improving Social Media ROI On the internet social network advertising and advertising has grow to b
i'm at home..
SO close to 1000 followers! RT the #musical #Theatre love!
WHAT WHAT WHAT how did I miss that post?
He's Just Not That Into You
Well, last minute seat upgrade put me next to Euro-guy who needed a bath 3 days ago. Karma, and the universe, laughed!
"I just need mindlessness"
Support the new artist ... check out (Mackeehan) songs on YouTube.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!14
#CBJ defeats Phoenix tonight, 3-2. It's their first three-game winning streak in more than a year.
me two!
Competitive research - not only about SEO. Call them, and see how they handle their sales process.
are you gonna chill with us this weekend bro?
Hey guys! Have you already follow ? Quick Quick! She's #sweet and she's following back.. :)
sounds like the locker room
Dont get mad when a girl cares too much. You should start to worry when she no longer gives a F*CK.
My blood pressure didn't rise at all today; I wonder why?
hey man I want to say happy birthday (whatever day it is LoL) catch you on the flip side
you're so crazy andrew. up late on a school night
I killed a lot of trees and spilled a lot of ink today trying to be a graphic designer.
LOL @ ESPN's headline announcing Lamar Odom's departure from Dallas "End of an Error"
sent, thanks!
Ugghh she irritatin the mess outta me cuz I actually like her lol RT Tami is doing the most. For what tho???
Saturday - think I'll wander...
yep but not on me
I wish i could make her one less lonely girl <3
Parents: why are you going to bed so early? Me: well there's nothing els to do lmao
I'm ready to be off work so I can have some Olive Garden!
Any suggestions for companies that handle estate sales in #Indy. (Northside)
Would you be open to having others from the agency?
Its on Campus, you still tryna find a job? and we can talk at Dinner G
oh yea almost 200 followers plz follow
you know it's really cold when your eyelids are freezing.
Nah. Hopleaf is great, but I was referring to Transistor. I keep meaning to check those guys out, but always forget.
gaaaaaaaaaaah i didnt realize it was so soon! and yes i do... crap! we can talk about it tomorrow :)
our NEW website is almost complete!
Same account. Nothing changes except the name, and it will change across the system.
Comlimentary(FREE) Skyy Vodka or Pyrat Rum Drinks from 9pm-1030pm THURSDAY at SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale. Hottest Thursday in Town
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people.
#2222 do u like the hunger games?
Found myself a power outlet to charge my phone on campus!
reported this morning that Browns will wear Brown at home.
Dont even feel like he wants me anymore . He act's different but whatever i guess . He the one losin out
lol well i made kitty a twitter, so when she tweets me, im talking to myself in a way, so i try not to respond back LOL
I would go with A as well. Boredom is contagious
#Fcat next week...
Good morning. Twitter :)
And yet, they drink out of the toilet...RT Dogs have the ability to taste pure water, but humans cannot.
These are exactly the conversations that need to take place!
let the past be the past and don't judge a book by its cover
you are welcome..:)
Stryker Sonoma Winery & Vineyards Here's the original article from Sunday's SFGate.com .. 47 minutes ago · 1 ·LikeUnlike · Comment · Share
Batata Harra at Mezza Grill in Culver City is the stuff of dreams. So, so good. Perfect Tuesday topper.
#OomfNeedsTo txt me back
Poster is uploaded for #mlanet12. Yippee! One thing off my checklist, so many more to do...
I'm with Bill on this.
Recruiting #promoters in #SouthBeach. Contact me for more info: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
RT : Geekdad assembled 100 of the top, must-follow geeks on Twitter. How many of these guys and gals do you follow?...
Last night's dreams involved turtles, diving for bodies, a dying woman named "Frances" and mountains. I'm tired.
well hes lucky lol. But how much are those tixs behind home plate?
What progress, you ask, have I made? I have begun to be a friend to myself. Hecato, Greek philosopher
Yeehaw! In less than 2 hours (11 am), the gates will open on Pensacola Beach!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions i would bake biscuits for every housing project in America!
Are you thinking of making a trip out here?
WHY! WHY is HSM3 a trend topic?!?
Ugh My abs hate me and my decision to try Pilates yesterday
Yea! Whateva! Discipline or not, ya'll would of still got whooped. But ya'll definitely need help w/ taking ass kicks like men.
Thank you so much Glen=)
#EveryoneHasThat1friend that gives good advice
try new York!
I saw this kid at the store who looked exactly like Childish Gambino. Oh my gosh.
enjoyed attending the Ed Hardy VIP Pool Party at Planet Hollywood last night. The food, drinks, music, fireworks, and helicopter were great.
Handled that!!
- i need help wiring a surround sound system that was given to me. anyone want to help?
Elementary school changed over 4 years
Happy National Condom Day The only day you have to wear one!
no problem. Where did you end up going?
You ain't a Pimp nigga ur a Fairy .
Why did you give minnesota a run?
amazing :D
Ads are great. Stories are better.
Thanks for being a fuckface tonight
Lmao! I'm fareal. Ima make her text you !
Going to watch the Saints...Who Dat?
I hope that's true. In their 15 years here they've never been given a truly fair shot to succeed off ice.
which ones off rare your favorite
jake Arrieta been dealing this year but orioles can't hit w/RISP,
"Stop complaining!!" Why? i have a reason. And besides, Austin is 16. Old enough to hear my opinion.
I DO!
The trail is dusty, The road it might be rough, But the good road is a-waitin' And boys it ain't far off. Bob Dylan "Paths Of Victory"
Espn and McDonald's in the mornin
I *think* I found the line in the sand: if you don't like Calvin and Hobbes, I'm *pretty* sure we're not friends.
Beautiful give & go! Go BC!
or just a sign you were in Kansas City.
differentiate fun from engagement. Not always fun - to trivial a word. It's about flow and engagement. Gee.
If your stomache/ fat hangs out while you ate wearing a skirt, please have some class and don't wear it. Or some self respect.
i pretty much just told my crush i like him.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will be your Maid of Honor one day.” <3
Omw to Denny's w/ the moms. TML <3
there's got be some midwest talent we can get down here..get the ball at least rolling a bit.
Reverse week starting out and union station, now were right at the corner of mass and north cap opening at 11:15
I will still never buy a KIA
RT : has been to Falkirk, Strathclyde country park, Southshields and tomorrow at sun, snow & everything
Merry Christmas to all of my Twitter friends!!
Lol So Yuh Wanna Be Funny. Now.
i really hope you choose me as the fotm i love you so much! xoxo
Huge win for the Cats! Top 4 seed in the Big East tournament and a double bye...Everyone shut up about us being on the bubble
#askAfriend What's the last thing you texted hannah? TWITPIC IT
"Forgive me sir, he killed my parents."
Knicks will #beatboston on Friday. Don't argue, just accept it.....
at the cincinnati symphony orchestra. love the
Thanks for the mention!
The HCC forum has been great so far, the HCC has been asking some great questions of the candidates.
Of course. ^_^
That's a really great illustration style!
Ha! Emailing this one to SVH. Cause I'm sure you didn't mean me
I'm saying RT : Damn. When they start selling UNDFTD at the mall? I'm late
WTF??? Rep. Cantor calls law abiding citizens, guaranteed the right to assemble in protest a dangerous mob? and Cain calls them stupid!!!
The weekend is here!!! Why not hit one of the many beaches close to NYC? Here is a list of a few beaches all accessible by public...
Why do some men find their honor in the humiliation in others? -
Thanks!!! So happy they're loving the mermaid vibe!
I was. The vagaries of youth…
Its On The Video Lol .. Bt Its In Mentor ...
Pretty much dying one the inside but oh well
I just don't trust y'all women out here
3 grown ass men picking up dog shit: embarrassing to our species
I would LOVE to take you, but i had previously planned a weekend trip to lake arrowhead. if they make 2nd round then ya :D
would love to know what you are hiring for and if that might be a fit 4my skills in seo-grfx-mrkting-creative
Proud of you, Mr. President.
What is up with the sound on Big Bang Theory?
DEF had some great times at the <ST > Christmas party. going in the books on that one. good seeing everyone & glad we had the fun. Back to t
Done with classes for the Semester! Now it's time to get these finals over with next week
we expose ourselves to scrapple daily! ;-)
thinks she brought CA weather with her to NY, and CA is now stuck with NY weather (according to countless angry weather updates on FB). ;)
I'm keeping it!
lucky u I lost everything and starting over. Damn iPhone being stuck in reboot.
amazon is teasing me then! AH
don't swear at me!!!
Good luck tonight to , and the whole gang at ! Paint it Black (Tie) event is sure to be a rockin one!
made my day. (Thanks!)
Hi Kale, - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
RT : #VCU and Richmond are #'s 1 and 2 in the country for all time wins as 11 seed or worse in modern tourney era!
Hm, bored with perfection. Well I guess that's a pretty diplomatic way of looking at it.
Marketing & PR firms- have your clients inquired about mobile? We have a white-label solution that delivers content, mobile-web pages and g…
I hate it when people say that they're fat in front of me, but I'm clearly bigger than them.... Awks.
but a better player? Might have to package both Rudy and OJ to get a star
Why Use Gas fireplaces Instead of Natural Gas Fireplaces | Heaters
I'd retweet a pic of that..
I need a nap... Haven't had an actual nights sleep since LAST Tuesday night 😖💤💤💤💤
Trying to figure it out.
Why do people have such stupid names on here and Facebook?
yeah with the nah nah nah yatti yatti ya lol
ah congrats that's awesome!
What is UP with people using samurai swords in attacks? It happens in Brooklyn more than you think....
It's gona b another long day
no she's not!
and Joshua have been married 24 hours now!
too many videos to watch but i will catch them all sooner or later but you are great
nap would squash him. Lol
you are one..of thousands I'm referring to who don't know any songs on the mixtape,and you didn't spell it right so stfu
Looks like we will be in Italy March 2-4 2013!
yeah, yeah. 'cause when you write a press release, you shouldn't ALSO put an email for questions.
Neil kicked it in! NO GOAL!!!
Alright yall, who's jazzed for Mayweather VS Cotto this weekend?? Im throwing bets down on Floyd Money - hoping for another sucker punch! :D
"you can't out train a bad diet"
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of Justin Bieber, Austin Mahone, or One Direction, yeah... We just can't be friends. Get a life.
Thanks! It was fun! RT : I just saw you!! I want to eat that pasta right now!
thank you.
Idk sometimes im asking why do i need to hurt like this and cry alot.
I have tragical thinking. My actions will take down the world.
"Jiro Dreams of Sushi" was magnificent. Go see it. I practically held my breath the whole time, I didn't want it to end.
OMG i didnt realize you were one of the Stunners!
Not saying whether or #rhonj won out tonight, but I'll say this: someone just said, "I read the In Touch magazine."
Where is my fucking pizza
Y U NO STREAM >_<
Friday March 4, 2011. Join is for an evening of dancing at Mission Hills Country Club's open house. 7- 9:30. RSVP @
51 Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
whoa that's awesome! Congratz! Our emac students are so urban. ;)
Cool! What town is it in?
My chicken nuggets taste like tuna
6 MORE DAYS OF SCHOOL LEFT FOR ME! How many days does you guys have? :)
Of course, 1 for my cell phone, maybe 2 for good measure :). And Indy - although we went down to S. IN for canoeing.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be @ the Shops at Rio Grande today from 10-3: 4022 Rio Grande NW
Please stop promoting your own program and address the session topic. Thank you.
and I got them! Thank you very much.
Baby Camden is here!!! 6lbs 4oz and 18.5 inches long. We were about 4 weeks early, but Mommy and Camden are doing great!!!
Happy 83rd Birthday, Che Guevara! To hell with those CIA rat bastards who took you down, comrade.
Great game for the #spurs tonight. Keep yall updated next game!
Get the newest Real Weddings Magazine this Sunday The @ Arden Hills Resort&Spa Msg for complementary tix
Tonight we launch all 3 selections at the Jacobs Center, 7pm with & Alan Brennert!...
injured groin from last game still bothering him, I assume
getting down on a Carina Round remix right now....
There's caffeine in coca cola, pepsi, dr pepper, etc. And don't forget those 'energy' drinks. :-)
Yes. You must. You haven't tweeted much lately...
im running there right now......
Thanks, Linda!
4 ACES GRILL appreciates the follow!
i thought it was hard
Weakness is merely something that we Pillar in life! Never shall it inhibit you but more easily show you where you need help.
Email, blog, tweet, FB, skype authors for free or on the cheap to connect your readers or students!
both politically & practically asking middle class to sacrifice while wealthy take more & more isn't fair
what up fam! Changed my name...holla at cha boy!
By starting my backchannel tweet with , it won't appear in my followers' feeds unless they're also following
Lebron led the team in every statistical category.. If his teammates would have showed up they would have won by 10
hope your shoot goes well. :)
They did it!
WIll get on this asap
wake yo ass up!
Does anyone know how to restore admin control on Windows 7?
everything is gay
A big thanks goes out to for all of the hard work that he put in to the OSBLN as President. Best of luck going forward!
No argument that #Purdue will be good w/o Hummel - just don't think they should be ranked that high. Top 25-Yes, Top 10-No.
Thank you. I know what comes through me. :) Yes, it seems that we both share freely with those who seek (and find). Blessings to you!
#NP Justice Pandora Radio
ok. feel free to DM if you need a hand after the call, i'm currently following.
Can we blame the bad FT shooting on the earthquake?
don't have any reccomendations for you, but happy to see a familiar face on Twitter. Congrats on the new computer!
I'll try not to but sometimes it's just too hard to resist
Awesome! RT : join us for our 1st #bealeader chat May 3rd 7pmET Confidence Matters is our topic w/host
At Honda Center to see the Ducks vs Wild....
ps who wants to gimme some adderall? ill give u kisses.
I love this Change and Development Quote: Learning is like rowing upstream: Not to advance is to drop back - Chinese Proverb RT
Did you take that, Nice!
laid off by Slate and #SteveJobsquits from Apple. What next? Obama decides to become a Canadian?
THANK YOU! RT Have a great opening!
So close to breaking my diet
Waiting for my brother, but his dumb ass has been looking for his car for an hour in downtown Portland. He left it there last night. JFC.
Ridiculousness. I want to go to there.
BUT I'm not a mean or rude person at all. I don't want y'all to think I'm angry all the time. Just get heated when I'm passionate about some
I think you're confusing UK with UCONN.
wow good to know
#GOP LEADERS are like "VAMPIRE CAPITALISTS' forced N2 HIDING bhind dark lies & #RWNJ delusional CINOs(Christns N name Only)
what about tab+h keyboard shortcut to jump to your Home page, the "assigned to me" view?
Everyone and their mammas loves bud light. 
Hint for Tuesday’s deal: It’s great if you don’t need creatine, carbs, or sugar b4 a workout, but still want energy and help with reco
You have an awesome day too. We're working on that this side of North Texas. *hehe*
This is why I come to you.
Thanks so much! :) tell some friends about us! :)
Have a good weekend everyone!
Arrived & getting settled in
follow?!? I love how pretty you are!!!!!!<3
Happy Easter! #Blessings & happiness to everyone!
we start Tues. after Labor Day
Awesome..Thank you. If you are in the Nashville area this Friday, I'm playing at Two Old Hippies from 5-7.
Thursday fun: Music, beautiful people, outdoors. Earth Day 2:30-6:30. Free. hayesvalleyfarm.com
LET ME GET MY DULESSSS!!! :P
You have a boyfriend. Quit flirting with other guys.
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give.- Walt Whitman
Damn. Missed our cue. That last one scared the hell out of me.
Oh haha yeah I never go over there unless its for whole foods 😁 lol
Good luck for tonight at the Beeb. I really am very envious!x
The "Vote American" billboard is SO not cool!
I'm not sure, but I think flyers already went out to the convention organizers, but I'll have to check!
nice! I saw your pics and we must have been five feet from each other! Really great show - I loved both bands.
Especially if you're doing them! XOX
Thank you for the follow... :)
and his color changing condom lol.
This dog Took off wit my charger slipper and when I tried to stop him he knocked my ass on the floor bo
You know that we ball at the OMAHA MAL!
super excited about the new logo. Cant wait to have it on the eco-van :)
welcom to the twitter world Mr. Sam Jack!
Would like to see some brilliant Halloween t-shirt designs. thanks.
I'm gonna go with smoke on this one or it would be cool to see Austin win
Why is summer going by so fast! Plz slow down.
Rotary ski day at Mt Hood is January 17 2pm-9pm. Lift tickets are $10 and half go to Rotary. Hit up a Rotarian for the hook up!
So I CREEP ...Yeeaaaa Just Creepin On The Down Low ...
we had to temporarily go off the air. We are hoping to return to the airwaves soon. I will keep you posted!
Im even inviting people to !
"my first tweet," said new
I'd rather see highlights of Magic Johnson and Jason Kidd in their prime running the break than some dunk from Gerald Green.
and everytime that we ... oh ... im more in love with you.
:D I Can't Go A day without Listening to #BubblegumBoy Love it!!!!!!!!
it's almost like basic instinct but basic instinct is better. If ya haven't seen it get it watched xx
Is TV teaching your child or are you? - Dr. Chuck Wiliams
Any truth to the rumor that Coach Scott has declared today "opposite shooting hand day?"
#FF #Patriots working to correct the error; Obama, our
Good morning! Rain outside and coffee in my mug. Yay!
Prayed over a group of prayer warriors today. Ready to climb the mountain, pray 2 their Lord and come back down 2 take a city in Jesus name.
Meaning…I am old.
: Mark down March 28th - 8PM for my round at with &
Long-time employee killed by #BishopFord Freeway wrong way driver. Story by tonight at 9pm
CINCO DE MAYO
that's my socal cocktail recipe
did you watch #LawAndOrderSVU??? craziness!!!!
Good morning winner! “: Good morning world!”
Q4 Never been to book club. Maybe think of it as a meeting. Start & end on time. Stay on topic. Keep talk relevant. Stay on track.
Congrats Jeremy! “: Hell yea! “ Just won the trade show pitch ($3,500) at the #SSAC. Love you
The Photosynth is very cool!!!
Oh hell yes! some Disturbed and lamb of god!
It's crazy that while everyone's sleeping, the other side of the world is at work and going strong. Crazy how big this world really is
have a good day at school;)
Hey , what time do they stop serving #hodags, I can't remember.
www.TheSportsLand.com is wishing everyone a safe and happy #4thofJuly !
Why don't you place a pic of yourself as your profile pic??
you could change the connotation! My little sister as a baby called me "s." Strange language acquisition, I guess.
true...but I see a Cajun coming in the not too distant future
whoa, not a great launch.
THIS MUSIC GAME IS FUCKIN UGLY
My dad's selling the truck! :(
and he refuse to acknowledge that it was hypocritical despite other heat fans telling him that it was.
Gettin that #FallsCreek volleyball body ready?
ever since 1d my emotions just been idek
It’s Trivia Tuesday: Name the host city for the 2012 Teaching Professor Conference.
- Just now saw you're moving to Amsterdam. What for? Semi-related: I have an old song called "Damster" about my short time there in '92
The Bare Wires we SO GOOD on Thursday!! DAMN!
it will hit you ten times harder than it hit me. One day you will feel my pain.
God loved the world so much that He GAVE....
time is an illusion
Are you drawing me cookie monster? ^_^
Illiud latine dici non potest - You can't say that in Latin
The world is a hurricane and is at the eye of the storm
Dark #chocolate is high in antioxidants. It's good choice for a #Valentine Day gift.
Teenage girl with a rat tail and fanny pack riding a scooter down the sidewalk. Only in Portland is this hip.
If you can't keep a conversation with me when I text you there's no point in talking to me at all !
Phillies win and the #sixers just tied it up.
Apparently my twitter updates are offensive.I would give the finger to those who agree but I am a lady & its a Church day.Have a blessed day
*of course hannah cause i fucking love you
omg yesterday was his candle light vigil and like every one was crying even the principal and his teacher
cool wallpaper! nice video!
Israel wants peace AS SOON AS Muslims give up terrorism and murder of innocents. Isn't that in the Holy Koran or did you forget?
Really wish I didn't have to go back home tonight.
"i wish it were as easy to forget you as it was to love you"
thanks for the love...Makes us happy that you recognize the difference! See you soon
#Word RT If you let people frustrate you through social networks, Then you're not ready for REAL life.
momma mclaughlin in town tomorrow...still cleaning for the event.
Ditto. RT : I am three pages away from freedom and i have nothing left to say.
I started working on a new short called #AGoodFriend :)
i might come in today
It's about time you realized the mistakes you made.
Ugh take a fucking shower ya hippie!!!
In so hungry lol thats that fat stuff
TFP means TIME FOR PRINT!! It's not hard to firgure out! I shouldn't have to wait 6 months for pics! I will not go away until I get my pics!
Who cheated on who now? #cheaters RT : You cheeted on us :'-(
Check out the video I just retweeted.
Hear Ye, Hear Ye: End of Cinderella the REAL album will release NEXT WEEK!!!!!! iTunes to follow.
Fat tweet.
Garrett's Popcorn in ChiTown is off da chain! ...Can't wait to get my fingers orange and sticky. :-)
I bet Messi is crying right now hahaha
Thanks! Done :-)
Cant wait to hear Gus Johnson call the NCAA Tournament this weekend
loved seeing u tonight! Need to repeat this more often!
Good night rain! good night moon!
lost cell phone - panic setting in .... not good ...
How limited is that Ashley Wood Bertie?
Looks like Ron Paul is winning in Iowa. Keep going and bring it home...
YUM X
Wtf what is going on
Is dreaming of a common language today.
WE ARE MAKING THESE!!!!
oops. I'm sorry it made me want to die a little bit. But it being long enough to see your pretty face twice was a plus.
I know it's great!!!
What's this I hear about an avocado with an edible skin???#huh?
cf was humbling today! squat cleans and split jerks...
Let's get to the root of the problem, here. Humor vs. HumoUr. There's another colourful debate.
There is no such thing as a #child who hates to #read; there are only children who have not found the right #book."- Frank Serafini
I'm in one right now at North Bowl. Will let you know when the next season starts.
It feels so weird watching everyone go to lunch 😒
Interesting I write in my profile what I like, people respond and say nice pic... But there not what I like lol
any ideas? RT Tweet ur dorm room recipe in 1 tweet w/ at least 3 ingredients. Submit by @ 2pm EST Fri!
LETS GO NATIONALS!!!
that's what we always do haha
thanks for the Jim Beam. Hope you rip some shit up again tonight!
-Thank you for your bountiful support and for sharing your creative, authentic music. Enjoy your day, luv.
RT : According to NY Times Apple, Microsoft & Google currently sitting on around $90 billion. How about invest some of that in Japan?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: There are two kinds of divorces - the kind that preserves the family's future and the kind that destroys it
I hate when people have spell issuess.
The countdown is on for American Idol. Tune into Fox for an all new eppisode.
No plans this wknd, like always! I have absolutely no social life :(
I would at least said my number was 867-5309
Your opinion doesn't matter enough, that I would stop liking the things I like. So SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
I already got some tho, I keep them nice my vans are wrecked tho
I just bought dayquil & mucinex DM i was taking robitussin but it wasn't cutting it
Might be working with Kirstie Alley shooting a video tonight how awesome!
Well off to school..
child please!! I love the thank you note segments and pros and cons. When ya don't got cable, ya learn to ❤JimmyFallon
Those dang E2s were all ways a bit twitchy.
Thank you. You know why she is pretty? Cause she is so freaking awesome, and she knows it
Stay tuned for our annual benefit program! www.leodys.com
I am so excited for Sister Wives!!!
Since he never touched it, is it really his ball? RT : Bill Buckner baseball from Game 6 of 1986 World Series sells for $418,250
Interested in: ( ) men ( ) women (X) food
heck yes, I'll keep you warm all night :)
-- Hi Kim, sorry for the delay. Responded by email this morning. Can we get on a call?
Thanks for answering my question Stan, unfortunately I missed most of the answer. Anyway, I graduated with honors from AIP
hoping next week will be better..cant for this weekend though!
Wow! What next, Egypt? Which way forward? Please choose wisely for all our sakes.
Cannot wait for my new Cadet to arrive. Love Tom Bihn products.
Here's your nose hoe, I found it in MY BUSINESS!
Glad to hear it's working.
the fact that a small generation of ppl on twittr could be unaware that "Titanic" is historical fiction is an indictment of our times.
I agree
Hi Ruth, my family+friends are ok (they aren't close to Christchurch). The whole country is in shock. Thanks for the well wishes
judging off your looks I'm surprised you don't walk in the room and snatch the attention of everyone.
That would explain SO much. Let's go get or something sometime soon. Or like, go to
I don't know what is less enjoyable, watching the #Pirates try to score a run or being hit repeatedly in the face with a hammer.
At futsol practice, watching Connor do his thing!
“: Are you a fan of #AmericanRestoration? Tune in to HISTORY now.” No it's pure shite.
i get tired of spending money... even more bored making it... #yawn #$plashy
: I wish this chick would get it through her thick skull that I'm not interested. She got a severe case of denial."
just txted you, bud.
Three-Greens Soup with Spinach Gremolata Recipe from Bon Appétit
You are so wonderful...thank you for my birthday shout-out! Also, Greenlake walk after work this week?
I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics. Where do I store that info?
your welcome I guess<3
...cough...cough. keep trying bud. you'll get there.
i'm so lost these days. what the hell is wrong with me
RT : For Pyrotechnic lovers: the Berlin-based band Rammstein lights up BankAtlantic Center, 4/20
Made a late night trip to Meijer for hairspray, saw a local newscaster and (I think) an ex-boyfriend there.
good look show seaport ima young 18 year old from Pittsburgh pa mix on my own show love to Mar thank you....
I can. It would look something like DEAD SEXY. hahaha
Smh. If you don't wanna go to class cause it's raining don't go. But don't think you any kind of legit
Little girl is so excited about her new haircut; she can't stop touching her hair! It's the simple things.
Porn and coffee is always a winner in the morning
This has been SUCH productive day.Must be the post-oscar buzz. Marketing lunch following an EM You are inspiring!
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill rt
Follow me on keek! I'll follow back:D keek.com/claudiamahomie
RT Im gonna need these bigger chics to start investing in spanks, gym, lapband, or something. The sloppy ish is unflattering
Finally going to french comedy in Paris. Oh no, I wish. Paris movie theater in the city.
Getting ready for our first #overflow #getoutoftheboat event in L.A. Cali excited to see what God is going to do!
I would really love some of the people that I gave cards to call me.. Bored, and I want to make some $$.
love the song on Dunn's record girl!
this photo is an obvious fake: he is not holding a beer.
Today is National Teacher Day! Honor our educators and the crucial role teachers play. If you can read,
My boyfriend just asked me what font to use on his letter head, I said #Helvetica. He responded, what's that? This might be a
C'mon 4:30. I'm ready to go the gym...... talkin bout food smh
Off to OSCon in a two-prop plane!
ghosts of girlfriends past :)
Of all the days, you had to pick today to like me? Wow...you're timing is perfect! Ugh
Putting words in other people's mouths.
section 110, row e & the lone person in the stadium wearing a Marquette jersey. I could come meet you anywhere when you're free
i wrote this paper on you and in school this week its about what we all talk about if i met you guys :)
Nice job.
Enjoyn my day its beautiful here in the "D" ( Detroit) and dont let the hype fool u.... Detroit isnt just crime filled...
wth I never saw this post lmao I just saw it now :p
Get creative. Use your waffle iron as a panini maker.
I'm at in Burbank at 8pm!
A little over 48 years left in a shit ass year. I am ready for 2012.
married to the fake plant
go to google and type in "how to make a resume" I'm pretty sure they have some standard fill in the blanks or prototypes avail
depends.. why did u pick a laptop? Lol
AND BOTTOMLESS SODA?!??
Off to the City of Palm Coast's Arbor Day. Come see us at Both #37 for live honey bees, honey & lots of stinging insect nest samples
Pretty happy about Andrew Miller's outing before benching. Mikey teased me about having the dreaded Miller/Blackburn disaster in waiting.
Shout out to Jack Burton for keepin shit real, Lo Pan was clearly a dick
Rock On,Charlie my friend!
Giles's adorableness cannot be defeated!
He can't even bait a hook,he can't even skin a buck,he don't know who Jack Daniels is,aint ever drove a truck. #GottaLoveCountryBoys . <3
Thank you very much
I know and I need to suck on those titties x).Queen Curly. PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY AND PRINCESS SCARLET CURLY. IF THERE WAS ONE
Nice..where do I send them too? RT : I think they can ;)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book ...
#OneWordThatDescribesHer PERFECT. «her : meaning me» :p
we are heading to the studio in December to record a new EP, get hyped.
has to be one of my favorite places to watch a show. That and the roxy
True that!
yes!!! Does it hurt?!
she was great!
Thanks for following . Hope you are having a great day & happy belated Mother's Day!
A woman's power to heal comes from finding meaning as a woman of great worth and inner beauty regardless of what she has experienced.
Less than 26 hours to participate in this week's Treasure Trove Contest on FB! Guess the value of the 18th Cent Brooch for a chance to win!
The moment when you get out of bed to go pee, an it's freakin cold
as;ld'a I can only imagine how much good stuff folks from Ravenswood Manor will be selling
you played basketball with only one arm... i dont think you ever eased OUT of sports
I need summer.
Cold's suck.
Learning about experience of Croatian parliament opening up at
Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start.
But knowing me, I'll be ready to hop under the covers once I'm finished getting ready... smh
I'm a big failure I tried to end it yesterday but she came home from work early and found me.
GET MOVING.....What is one step you can take toward a 2012 goal? BE CHOOSEY!
#Royals win 6-3 over the Angels in Anaheim. 1-1 record now.
i just googled 'dingoes' to try and confirm that ur spelling was wrong. lets just say u obviously know your australian wildlife.
you'll be fine. 16 years ago set out to help people trouble shoot mac issues. got only 2 clients. pc? you could set up shop!!! lol
I do agree! eli is hot and so is the whole team. pack had to much pressure on their shoulder's to repeat! it showed
you tweet a lot.
haha seriously! What a bum! Mwuahaa
. is prejudiced against the word "conference" She says "wine" not "bloggers" is the most important word in the #WBC11 name
I know I shouldn't, but a part of me is waiting for you to call and say, "I'm sorry, I miss you. Can we go back to how we used to be?"
well had been crossed off my list! How unfortunate because I was so looking forward to check it out
I so can't wait. I downloaded all the books! Man oh man #GameOfThrones is going to have a crazy season finale!
Rockers were better
I see all you Paris heads up and pop'n over there. Spread some love over here to the states.
I love you too.
I love you to :)
I'm with her right now!! We're having fun! I wish you were here! Nashville trip soon! :)
Lol who are you trying to fool...
It's great seeing TJ contribute without scoring. Makes us unbeatable.
My purpose is to rock Friday, my goal is to clean my glasses so that my vision is clear.
im a pro at back massages haha
words that sound the same but spelled differently ....
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP
Thank you my love! How are you doing lately? Tell me a story!
I'm always tricked into reading your bio!
"hey let's go check out that house real quick" -pops "and then we can tweet it!!!"-gram she just learned what twitter was 5 min ago..
Turning on the TV but muting it (I'm listening to Springsteen), checking the #WIRecall primary results.
cool freaked me out
Winterhouse & Carwin's Shave Shop will showcase the talents of three local artists and have refreshments for
If you had one year to live what would you do differently Text You the answer- I just met someone who did that and Wow great accomplishments
Dear Emma Ostilly, if you don't want angry 1D fans after you, DON'T TWEET PICTURES OF YOU AND HARRY. It's that simple.
Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole
Thanks! Just downloaded it ;-)
small local biz a working day is a beautiful day! Movers on the go! Have a great day today. NYC
RT : “We can’t have the government in charge of our Internet,” said Rep. John Boehner (R-Assholia), as he voted to do so.
Mars Attacks!
sej is easy!!!
you're welcome, happy day
lmao food coma
you took the Mayorship at Chase Bank.
Cookies shaped like something always taste better .
I will be live tweeting #health2con today and tomorrow! Hopefully I'll see some tech relevant to underserved communities...
With and at #Chanel a very dangerous place for my credit card
we're letting karina play now.. man show interrupted
"Good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used." -William Shakespeare, Othello
Mamba again!
Screw that "ily" crap. If you really love me, you can spell it out.
agreed. But Tennessee isn't doing itself any favors today. This is painful.
The thing about disrespect is this: mind your own business, stupid.
#helc12 "I tried to drop it in the Dropbox, but it must have missed!"
yo wat u doing tomorrow so i can go to yo apts.
strasburg and votto to much for hamilton? I have a decent 1B in Laroache
Lamborghini mercy, you're chick she so thirsty....SWERVE!!
He's so freakin CUTE WHEN HE PITCHES
Parra finds a way to get out of that mess.
RT : Insurance Benefits For Exercise Programs Can Cut Health Costs, University Of Florida Institute On Aging......
thank you boo :)
tell that to Sting...
Haha, awesome. Just playing around but sounds good.
all the sweetest winds they blow across the south.
early this week is kind of crazy- you wanna grab coffee on Friday a.m.?
you guys were amazing tonight ! Such an awesome show!
#flyers have the types of players I wish the #sabres had.
You think I actually use staples? Hell no
this new thing on Facebook , that says , '' seen at .... ''' whatever time is good. you know if there ignoring you or not. loll
So proud of She helped her HESA program win multiple awards at #VCU Leadership and Service Awards
Randomly joining in when people are singing happy birthday for someone else.
but tania is in bad condition
Ha that's awesome. Love you too!!
Isiah Thomas says this (FIU) is 1st time he's been fired for basketball reasons. I would love a look at his personnel file.
NO GREEN SHOES. Bo.
this is a sign. I shouldn't gamble in Atlantic City this weekend. I'm in disbelief.
...in span of 1.5 months? This makes my brain hurt. RT ": FACT: Padres are 1st team to beat Roy Halladay twice in one season since 2009"
And to everyone making disgusting generalizations about people from NC: please keep talking about 3/4 of my family, I really appreciate it.
you her cousin? tell Celeste "I love her " :) and can she follow me ?
sounds like a plan!
I did get root beer and vanilla ice cream though.
hey it's me lois, my old account has been hacked x( please follow me back. thanks :)
I thought Az gov. was justified with the new immigration policy. They have to do something to curb the increase in crime from illegals.
FACT! Thank god for them and hot Robbie
Very sad to hear about the death of Steve Jobs tonight. That man deserved no snark, none at all.
Or the Alaskan Klee Kai? Though I think my favorite is the Altiplano Chinchilla Mouse, because the collective noun is a "mischief"
Michigan does not have a higher police conduct rate than the national average.
im down! Lets do it.
Healthy hair would like to wish all twitter friends a safe 4th of July
Final speakers at Media Symposium: Reps Stacey Abrams and Brooks Coleman.
RT : "Believe in something larger than yourself." - Barbara Bush
thank you buddy.
what part of Seattle Bro? Where do you Packer Bar?
Are you planning on reading the whole trilogy, if you can tolerate the first? It seems a lot of people read just the first.
Real good too! Like larussa said. RT : just as long as they go up and in on pujols
#WWDC needs a #bsides just like the information security community
how do you guys go from Ratchet Girl Anthem to Low? Lol
Be #uncommon. Spend time w/ God today. Start w/ a couple of minutes of no phone calls, no interruptions. Then increase your time together.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
amazing game!!! #warriors #boss <3
★Goodnight, Everyone! It's 12:06 a.m so I guess it's time to Go to bed! :^D (Z)
Have you found anything out about who the choppers are looking for?
stay thirsty my friends
Grandma loves the grey doves-
your site's down and Android app isn't syncing data. Just so you know.
hangin for a bit then work 12-close.
and section 412 of the US Patriot Act permits indefinite detention.
Hey Everyone How Yall Doing??
Thanks, bud. :)
It's a theory so it's not proven! RT : It amazes me, the misconceptions people have surrounding #evolution :-S
that reality is still scaring me! Thanks for the response.
some what
Not the greatest day - weather wise - for a Grand Opening but the show will go on!
Just arrived at the Jackson's MMA Sites VI press conference
love your cubies hat btw! At least your rocking the right team!
I don't have a problem w/ republicans but what i do have a problem w/ is them trying to raise taxes on the middle class.
o u gunna be aight? & when did u get a bf?
I miss you more!
Chinese food sounds bomb af
This weather is great..can it stay like this for awhile
Pressure is on Verlander. CC is not supposed to beat JV so a W is all gravy to CC/Yankees...
No biggie, Terri! :-)
just pencil, but it's edited to make it look cooler..
#20ThingsILove my phone(:
Took all my strength to resist. . .
Good win
really glad you liked it Lars Fasel. the sulfite's at an absolute minimum DM me an email and i'll send you all the
hey! my two favorite things: Sporting KC and The Church of Lazlo!
I don't mean that in a bad way, it's just...Tam Tams, they just scream "Pesach," you know?
Today at 12 in the WRC (McElroy 141) learn How to be an Ally. Merkert 127 at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is a filming of Precious.
Another must-follow #legal tweep is
What is this wet stuff threatening to mess up my makeup? Didn't know I'd be this emotional!
Hope everyone's having a great day :) Get outside and enjoy some summer tonight.
u r fighting the good fight!
Shouldn't have come back to work...
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
The Jersey Shore crew: , , ,
“: In order to see His glory you must get to the place where you say not my will but yours oh Lord! - Nathan Morris”
do you need us to lower the crawl rate or stop crawling all together?
Eww, most of the time if a female smells bad, that means they got something! Eeeewwwww
Permission to Lift Light
This 15 brings me stress and pressure. Im just waiting for the dance to start.
My school won out track meet:)
#ff even more #austin #film #aff11 local coverage.
don't die plz!!
That double eagle in the Masters was sick! Anybody else see that? ⛳
All rainy days do is make me wanna curl up on my couch and sleep
Yeah, wasn't totally sure what people thought about it. Thanks.
You win.
Oh the joys of Web2.0 presentation tools
#TextsThatLeadToSex I make money want some
Rent Money !
If it never would have ended the way it did, I wonder where we would be.
Hey, crowd. Online photo editing recommendations? photoshop.com is clunky. picnik.com is pretty nice. Others?
we swear you'll love it :)
thats why i have them tattooed on me! :) <3
The boys dance... Omfg...
RT : Got a question? Use the hashtag #AskGovSnyder and I will post video responses
Eli manning is a comic genius
#250DollarsCanGetYou 10 sloppy back alley blow jobs in vegas!
It's hard to cook on #humpday! Let us cook you dinner and we'll make it easier for you to get over that hump!
I go to Miami Hamilton :) so no we didn't make it
Yep! RT : Ha! RT Bruce Wyman, digital strategy speaker at #MW2012 by day, closeted auctioneer by night.
Amen to that. Sand doesn't taste good either. And it's hot. And gets in my sandwich at the beach.
Thanks for the library retweet. I really couldn't hold back a snicker when she said that.
RT if your watching the #Tribe play??
I emailed you! We leave but maybe later lunch/coffee?
We hope everyone had a great week at #NAFSA11, great to catch up with old friends and make new friends and contacts from here and abroad!
The suspension design also improves rear isolation and enables the use of 20-inch wheels on the MKT
If her tattoo washes off in the shower..
Hooray for fall mornings!
RT : BREAKING: Whitney Houston's cause of death was accidental drowning; heart disease & cocaine use listed as factors...
Now hiring. Great company seeking Online Marketing Coordinators. Work from home. Great compensation plan. Get the details here...
Tim Tebow is a #joke. He really must have jesus looking down on him cause everything he does is a miracle. he gets so lucky and its bullshit
I'm gonna take a nap, if I don't wake up until tomorrow morning, I'm ok with that.
#WhatILoveMost Having people around me that actually care.
Meek be that nigga !
I'll see what I can do :) Or if they need extra help, I'd be all for working it, too. Haha
You can do a hard reset yourself. The instructions are on the last page of the guide book. Tweet us if you need more help :)
Guys I have to be honest, I like this guy, he's like SUPER cute, and he sings amazingly. His name? 💜
weak ass niggaz!
Kicking off the 2012 HR Management Conference - Jack Daly - Corporate Culture: Is Yours By Design or Default?
20 Times Im Gunna Hit U In The Face!!!! :))
What a clusterfuck of a nonproductive day.
good thanks. can i get ur opinion on something?
"...our everyday social practices render the world publicly available and mutually intelligible." - L. Suchman, Human-Machine Interaction
Perlstein's Before the Storm
Best line of the nite "why can't be your honey bunny butt pie?"
yea you do that lol
hehe thanks anne!😄😊
Glad to hear you liked the winning entry! A wonderful and insightful depiction of Brooklyn life.
#That akwardmoment when your principal curses •_°
I am really looking forward to our first time.
he always fake on yall plans
Redoing the red in my hair
Nah, can't make it. I'm bummed. If we get hot, we can win it. We haven't played two complete halves of basketball yet.
I know the plans I have for u declares the LORD, ‘plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. Jeremiah 29:11
They are not taking on abortion funding, they are cutting off life-saving cancer screenings and birth control to those most in need.
where are you going? Sounds like you should have taken the bus!
Thought of putting a message in a bottle with my # in the ocean but w/my luck all I'd get is a call from som1 yelling to stop littering
Late for class. Grrrr.
Thanks for coming to the forum last night and for shooting us some questions!
Smoking mirrors can speak lies when you stare at them
Adele with Andersen Cooper. She's amazing.
My server has 105 updates to install
sure thing. I'll DM you my cell.
how was your Christmas?
God sent me a text! It's called The Bible.
Congratulations to my basketball hero Larry Bird, Now an executive of the year. Quite possibly the greatest basketball IQ of all time.
It going down tonite homies at club 91 dem swagg boyz bout to get blasted
our injury karma is being distributed. Curse over we hope, please. :-)
but u said she has none so what u doing?
I love the design, but I would also tweak some things. I'm still not 100% sold on WP7, but maybe once I get hands-on time...
and some pretty good mustard...
Hey Calle 8, can you follow us back?
GOOD MORNING SAN DIEGO!!
Holy shit, I'm excited for today. #MarvelMarathon - my first legit movie marathon - will be starting soon!
I love you!!! You're so sweet!
Where do you live?
victory through destruction - goodbye SBJSON
Wish you had a twitter so you could see that status was about you.
now I'm in Boston & proud to live in a great city in a great country! But when I am abroad I embrace the country I am in.
Visiting my local ghettomart!
Off to the bunk for my final!!
I usually have success on craigslist! :)
yes. Yes I did. & I'll probably do a fb post later. I have to cover every source. Lol
Aw. Thanks, dude.
“: Chicago's great.” Duh biatch
Just got the new xoom tablet and love'n it
I'd smang Sage with rigorous intent and gusto
Loving life
you should kick down a cubicle wall
Despite getting rear-ended, overall it was a great two days in Austin.
oh okay, congrats on dominating that final, keep it up...
hell yeah!
oops. Did I invite you at all? Do you need one. I also did not call you again yesterday...
thats fine . i can leave early sat morning
I'm so tired but I've got all three kiddos today so no nap for me!!
I'll probably go that day too and Wednesday lol
"I'm done" RT : Who wants a Shoutout or Follow back? Follow ( Retweet & Tweet me "Im done")
Your lips
I wonder if Louis CK and Lena Dunham's success will give rise to more auteur-ish shows.
": I hate girls that tell their friends everything. When you date one of them, they all know your shit."<---this is the worst -.-
well you obviously failed. LOLOLOL
watching "the fighter" sorry but i dont recomend it.
We are working on figuring this out right now! RT : I'm curious: what makes a good one person play successful?
To lead the people, walk behind them. ~Lao-Tzu
Geithner's message..the economy is improving,but still has a ways to go.
"The value of social media comes down to people, relationships, and the meaningful actions between them."
It's weird, processed foods taste bad to me now too. Eggs & nuts are my fast food. Dark chocolate & wine are my fav. indulgences.
Yes, but I'll live
Enjoying the #ReutersWebinar on #socialmedia and #journalism. Social media is another tool, good stories rely on real reporting!
AMAZING IDEA! Search for blogs using your keywords, offer images in exchange for photo (link) credit, says
dl'd ur special fucking fantastic accidentally bought it twice looks like drinks are on me dick
really ppl grow up throwing tampons really look how immature you are !
Joggin Heavy soakin up a tan for awhile and then it ends up stormin after .
Look for the Sunday Funnies tomorrow they are supposed to be 9/11 themed. #9/11
Anyone have any great monologue suggestions? Need two for an exercise I'm doing with my amazing mister boss man.
Surprise! #PIPC - representing pharma and device orgs - opposes research on the costs of #healthcare in #PCORI priorities document
Come on, let's get the lineups out
Investigating changes to STAT!Ref and McGraw-Hill medical packages.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. ~Albert Schweitzer
Late lunch with the kids and tasty
Rainy Day Token Special on sale now!!
Idk I'm driven by the opportunity to wear jeans! Hmm hit certain numbers, we can rock jeans.. I'm throwin it out there lol
it's Nicole from "Good Day for It" and this is my web series!! Hope you'll follow us!
Go Dawgs and go ! We were there all day #BarkingforBubba!!
word of d day PEE PEE
Thanks for coming in today! It was great meeting you and Joe!!
Fml everything hurts right now
You're stellar, my twitter friend! :)
Chris Meloni is the cutest man ever. I can't even.
Y0UR A BiG MiCHAEL JACKS0N FAN?
I'll take you up on a beer anytime!
kind of muggy in la= me wishing to be back in CT just for a weekend.
gotta make life colorful :-)
awesome, can't wait to see them
you've always got worms...
Wisconsin vs. Nebraska picks? Mine is Wisconsin.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool You cant stand.
Strangely enough, reading posts from other people who dislike open floor plans has actually made me like them a bit more.
I hate when I'm sitting at the gas pump and people are just standin there talking! Like, do you not see me waiting here!
It's amazing how quality toilet tissue can change your entire day!
I forgot for a moment, and in that moment it was good
Today is the last chance to see 'Never Let Me Go' -- a lovely filmic lament on love and mortality -- 35mm (at least for quite awhile).
will u follow for my birthday
besides u still need to train to be the board
RT : Yea! ... Pumped up to meet Juan from and at for a nice cold one!
Facebook is like prom pic central right now
Let's GO #LAKERS, beat the #ZombieSonics, aka Oklahoma City Thunders!
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well-V.W.
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
QoTD: "Your temper is like a fire. It gets very destructive when it gets out of control." (Unknown)
So... I heard the new Rihanna and CB songs. I must say... I'm not really impressed. I know most of u ppl are but I just can't get with it
": Newt Gingrich fails to file in time, won't appear on Missouri ballot" LOL!!!
After all these years, still believe everyone needs a coach. Get in on my special b4 day's end.
Library snapshot day is tomorrow. So you know. Go to your library, see what they're doing. :-)
CITY GEAR IS YOUR LAUNCH SHOE HEAD QUARTER!!! 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Thanks & for the #FF! You guys rock!
I turned on the radio after the gym in hopes of hearing Mumford & Sons "Little Lion Man"...played 30secs later =)
Samba anyone? J.R. Martinez confirmed for #ala12's Closing General Session on 6/26 at 9:30 am!
shoot for the moon and even if you miss you'll end up with the throngs of people trying to get in outside.
What did the lil corn say to mom corn? Where's popcorn!?
just as funny and raunchy as ever. U gotta see it : )
i just learned to read too, who wrties that trash?
I don't want to see one more cookie, cupcake or brownie for a while.
and you were in from justin to Kelly too!!!! :)
are we adding this to our site?
- What is the deeper scoop on your #Windows8 Team at #MEGA #StartupWeekend? Any Tablet #DEMOs ?
Finally! RT MT A word that rhymes w/ orange! Sporange: a rare alt. form of sporangium, botany term for spore case.
Seriously you can't ppl!!! ": You can't trust every smile you meet."
Kiddo interrupts my explanation of how a couple gets into NYT Vows section:"so basically someone kinda famous + a golddigger?"
Driving with the widows down and blasting my music
Rowing lightweight four look on the bright side
#20KWin The North Face
Just tapped, No Equal Sounder's Amber Larger (replaces Anderson Valley Boont Amber Ale)
Sorry I haven't responded to everyone's tweets. I'm on vacation time. Happy Holidays. Sending love out to a dear friend. U know who you are.
Running out of my mind.
It's probably better that way to be honest! :)
MT Guillermo Mayer : 5 basics for transit & social justice-make it: cheap, often, close, easy to use & safe
My mom is gonna buy me ticket to 1D's concert We cant afford VIP and it stinks but i get to see you guys in concert<3 you
"Greet Rufus, chosen in the Lord, and his mother, who has been a mother to me, too." --Romans 16:13 (NIV)
How can anyone top that? I quit (everything)! Thanks a lot
Germany = no fresh fish
I'm so sad I broke up with my bf because he lied to me about him being him my heart is broken I loved him I feel incomplete :,(
Top of the morning world.. #CopTop from sunshine
The random people are the best people ever
You can't stop 'em, you can only hope to contain 'em!
Yes what did I already tweet
Are we inviteDD? #challengingtopic RT : Welcome to another episode of #Foodiechats Where are U Eating & Tweeting from tonight?
Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America by Barbara Ehrenreich -- Mary's
It surprises me how hateful people still are.
Im sure you've been hearing it from tons of people all night, but awesome show Freddie!
;)* I wanna kno more about U .
Enjoyed eating tasty food and soaking up the ambiance w/ #DerekFleming at #RedRoosterHarlem. #Travelistas in Harlem with
RT": Its funny how we try to move on and at the same time hold on.."
i did not. I'll have to check that out.
Thanks, will do!
This June 23, 2010 I will be receiving the Colorado Bar Association's Lance Butler Award in the Workers Compensation Section.
thank you!
there can be multlple clusters across distances replicated over WAN, using a contert router on cluster manager
home business based
Transparency is a fundamental tenant of democracy if it's 2 b the Govt of the ppl
Today already don't look good .
So true
Why take pics of yourself if they all the same pose???
Any chance your RailsConf keynote is available online?
Turkey and Friends 100 mile Bike challenge 2010! Lead by , if anyone is interested in joining please let us know asap!
Off to the annual day after Thanksgiving parade with Coleen and the boys. Julie and Flynn are joining us! Then football- Go Ducks!!
Craig Bellamy, you beautiful, neckless man!
Someone bring me a SHHNACKK
Hahahaha you would. I love you
TY, I appreciate it :)
Good morning, tweeps! The week is almost over!
Stressed at the moment! We've got tickets available at our site- www.elbybrass.com! Also, CD prob. at the end of July- www.3sgiants.com!
you never did anything .. What money ? Lmao all you did was for ari. And Tammy and my mother might have asked not me
ok ma I got you ;)
#wherecamptb2012 getting some hot coffee for #Unconference today, starting at 10am.
My prayers go out to the people in Brazil.
haha ooh! Nice. I definitely did not know that. :)
Miles of DISD: Hence...We need our teachers to get results in classroom. Not who shows up to the basketball game, brings cookies.
IS SO SEXY
"But that was just a dream, and this is what it means, we are sleeping and we'll dream forevermore."
lol No its not fat!
Once again, Lynn Breedloves car service #Homobiles gets me to the church on time. If you live in SF, give em a call! 415.574.5023.
someone tell Fallon because we need a fill-in then...
I think it rocks. I have nothing to do with the quote about god though.
When working with a video production company, find one who will design your video and plan all the important production elements.
I know I spent my whole time there on I didn't even play lol-_-
Just saw the picture that abc released of the back of Zimmerman's head after the altercation
Another pair of tickets to the I Love Pub Crawls coming up shortly after 2pm today on Whip's show. $50 dollar value for FREE
ah yes! thank you!
If I was your boyfriend never let you go
The man did a lot for the city, which is why I like him, and was sad to see him leave the D. He's proving he needed a change.
I want 150,000 apps to choose from
Looking forward to heading to Las Vegas tomorrow for a Conference on Asset Protection at Ceasars Palace!
yeah understandable, thanks for responding
Goodnight world. Sleep tight. Be careful about people like me who sleep walk and talk in their sleep. Disturbing us could be dangerous.
Preview Thursday. The gallery will be open from 5:45 to 7:30. Come check out The Party's Over
If you don't want to fall, stop walking where it's slippery.....SIN....
Gertken: Ireland wanted a national bank 3 years before
Oh, the junk foods! They speaketh so sweetly...
Came To the doctors, having some weird health issues.
I am the Lord your God, who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
Air Farce team spent 3 hours signing books at the launch of their new book Air Farce: 40 Years of Flying by the seat of our pants
I will come to NYC just to jack u up
How long will you be gone!?!
Dammit theres light outside..guess i better get outta vampire mode go workout and pay some bills......................
We're about to hit the road to Waco. We might need to get some rain ponchos or something. Stupid weather.
what does the Fyf in your name mean?
lol have fun
facebook me @ toninkajj
It's 12 where I live so..... #HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN!!Lots of #MahomieLove right here I Love You Austin!Have a majestic Bday<3
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen is that you should not throw up on a ride with your boyfriend near you
Justin made a twitter.
amazing few days for performance/dance here in the district of columbia. exhibits A-E will follow as proof for nonbelievers.
I can't watch reruns of Friends anymore. Don't know why. And yeah, I used to watch reruns of Friends.
Thanks for the RT!
In the middle of "Joy To The World" at church decides "this song has pretty weak rhyme schemes"
a 14 year old girl from #Spencerport committed suicide because of bullying 2 days ago. So sad.
*Specials Today*Buy 5 UV TANS and get 2 FREE! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! HUGE EVENTS at the El Cajon and Hillcrest salons tomorrow!!!
Enjoyed the #Boston , now time for #summer camp sign up for the
when does spring training start for you?
When mental energy is allowed to follow the line of least resistance and to fall into easy channels, it is called weakness. - James Allen
same to you child...be careful NYE with all these loose hoes and shady negros out here...keep it 100 sugar...
Ever since you said 'make that change' I have Man In The Mirror by MJ stuck in my head.
#3wordsforyou los angeles clippers
Because my son will think I'm the coolest Mom on the planet and he'll share with all his #facebook friends
Doug? Rugrats? RT : not a fan of hey dude...
Derby Day! Have fun everyone!
Right? Bugs, snakes, raccoons the size of small horses!!! Yikes!!!
I know ... kinda surprised. Then again not. No $ right?
“: Our tour is being led by ! Give him a follow! #MNEarthDay” he's a great guy!
Oh dear student at #MPOW. I am sorry that you feel unwell, but PLEASE try to cover your mouth when you cough 10 yards from my desk!
Why do people find memes so funny?
I would not put it past him AT ALL. He needs professional help.
For his rookie hazing, he should have to get off the bus wearing a santa claus outfit.
you home for the summer?
cant wait for #raw :D y did do wat he did to cm punk last nite?watchin family guy:D cant wait for :D
#askmadonna I look forward to seeing you in Miami!
H&M Confess To Using Computer Generated Model Images In a society where size and body conciousness is at an all time high, it's perhaps n
Watching a PhD defense is simultaneously inspiring and terrifying.I need to get my act together and be awesome like my friends! Soon enough.
LOOKIN 4 NETWORKING THE#ATLANTA AREA
Thanks for the shout out!
Got some great news this afternoon that had nothing to do with car insurance...Let the good times roll!
all you have to do is call 754-300-YKMD, great rates
$2 pints of Schlitz and RW Stein. $3 micro pints. 2-4-1 wells. What a great day to spend with me at 3007 s K.K. Blackbird
who in the world would know. I'm sure even himself didn't know.. Lol that's Metta though 😁 I'm sad but it is what it is
I can't figure out instagram to save my life right now. Lol I just need a break
haha yes! Good call, you been a victim too?
Hey -- Thx for the follow!
“: Linkin Park only makes hits” truth. But their best is still The Hybrid Theory. Beginning to end I never have to skip a track
I got a callout from Susanne Markgren as embedded writer & fellow at center. Woohoo!
Enjoying the HS/HSL holiday party! Great foods, great colleagues, and I won the chocolate basket!
61 Yard Rush By Green-Ellis!
Tonight 6 pm. Susan Bauer-Wu, Emory nursing professor and expert in mindfulness at the Carlos.
New year, new (alliterative) adventures. Next on the docket: bhutan, bombay, belize, bathurst & brittany. And that's just the first 6 months
Seeking: Linux Systems Administrator for NYC trading firm, configuration of Linux, set up and maintain low latency trading servers, SAN and…
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Sandwich. S- But what is my purpose? Man enters. S- Crap. Man eats Sandwich. Man feels fulfilled. Lights.
#Boston - #76ers series is boring... Waiting to see who the will play in the Western Conf. Finals #Thunder or
I'm guessing bullet proof vest?
I forgot to mention how kearnonthekolb can't take kolb at 12 -- he needs marshall and wayne at the 12/13 turn
It's Friday the 13th all right. My computer crashed and I lost my ISP. 47 miles later I'm back onlline. . .
“: happy birthday to so old and wise” thankya 😁
I like his work. He came to ACA a few years ago.
Vida Guerra is the new Brand Ambassador for Steel Fuel Energy Drink - stay tuned for upcoming events!
If you really know basketball CJ Hill (Westfield HS) is an absolute player!
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil .. Well you are Cute .. But you have an Ugly personality .. So you're Ugly to Me!
Will try our best!
My birthday is in one more month, on TWO ONE! cant wait!
guy: so what do you do for fun? me: dance guy:cool, and? me:*thinks hard* dance
MT : "I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera
My phone battery last longer than some relationships in our school.
what happened to
The first 3 men just arrived.
any word on your car?
M bop!
good food, great company!
the scam in SD is all electric and water is overcharged. solar or water if u try to escape the utilities they charge u!!
It's funny how much a decent night's sleep can improve one's mood.
Dnt be scared shake dat ass wit yo thick ass....do a trick on the dick wit yo thick ass.....
Ugh didn't finish my h.w imma start rite now!!!
happy holidays...free tacos for everyone!!!
RT : Get some girls and bring them to me word to - recruitment 101
Welcome to high school, where a girls confidence drops faster than a slut dropping on her knees when a guy asks for a blow job.
HAHA will do. Thanks for clearing that up for me
Yessir.. In there like swim wear
Alex fouls out, McNeese at the line, up 57-55...w/1:14 to go
When you begin each day anticipating something good, God is able to arrange things in your favor.
Thanks for following:
Watching a video of Wynton Kelly and John Coltrane at Waterloo Records in Austin Airport
Not all data has a point, but all stories do. Collect wisely.
Yes it is. :) Thank you. xD
me either. something very small and most likely on my foot. but I'm down to do it before I change my mind haha
that's not the right one. Sorry:( mine is : 14, and I love drake like a fat kid lives doughnuts✌
Good morning tweeps!!! I'll be live on with and (maybe) at 6:15!! (no chuck!)
Btw, I'm not mad at OKC. This is their year. Lakers management doesn't deserve a ring this year. OKC will never catch Kobe's 5, so all good.
In My Place- Coldplay
S/O A #MUSTFOLLOW SHE B ON IT!!!!
makes anything look good. I don't stan for many but good grief I will stan for her! Run Lo Lo! Run!!!! :p
One of my biggest pet peeves is mfs hitting me up on bs. Don't txt me if you're not talkin about shit please
Home sweet home! Good to be back in Texas for a few days.
An incorrect description. It was an independent PAC. Unfortunately, the candidates have no control over these.
Thank you for bringing #cltgrok together... Really enjoyed it! Looking forward to the next event.
Online organizing has not and cannot replace community organizing. It enhances it.
Before I was adopted, my name was Patrick, so process that in your own way.
IM STILL #GRIZZNATION, WHOOP WHOOP.
YOU SLUT!!!
But my favorite things are things I don't need---Ayn Rand
"Local governments need to engage citizens in solving the problems in their own communities." ~NYC Mayor at #ncvs 2010
Watch out for the #panther!
A Carolina chickadee was hanging out with me for a while in the yard, and then a Carolina wren stopped by. Cool.
Ive been slackin... i need to start doin my hair and makeup,,, i am a Cosmetologist after all... I need to look the part.
New 1080P Apple TV is in stock at Millersville & Lanham. Get 'em while they are in stock. We sold out our last batch!
thanks for the retweet!
So excited to be working on this webseries with such amazing people!
Thick juicy Lips Are Always BOMB.! ;]
Big One Day Sale at Mari Ari 30%-50% OFF...May 5th
First impression of AMR's CEO: Boring and a bit depressing.
U 2 Tom, congrats on Cisco Live mention, and thx for being a blogger.
If you are out and about for first Thursday stop into the Pearl store and check out the team member art on display! Until 9pm
it's on netflix, you should deffinately watch it. its crazy but so good!
They look great. :)
My boys in are promoting two new bands with free music! Check out and if you like metal!
HA...ha..hu....suit yourself.
my god! What must it be like in Houston?. . . Said the former Aggie.
that tiffany girl is in fucking 3rd. idk why this bothers me so much.. wait yeah i do. its not fair mer.
mesquite? Rt ": Now i'm in the mood to dance, wheres my cute cowboy! lmao"
When Ryan Adams Segues into Salt-N-Pepa: A Journey Through my iTunes.
i would like me some bum all night long ;)
The Pleasure Zone is POPPIN' OFF! Wizz Kid is throwing it down! <3 Dick's
…The things you said to me are playing over & over in my Head
McDonalds run... It's gonna be a long night in the studio!
Delayed does not always mean denied
I'm on a plane to NYC
Hm, I'm not as good at those as you but it probably had something to do with drinks, cotton candy, and Cindy's cleavage.
RT : Looking forward to kick-off of #Envision in NY today with - great social change films + discussions...
how did he get that off? SHIT!
Wish my soul was at peace. Wish my mind could meet sleep.
'Why yes, I also take dic - cough break - tation' - awkward moment in a gay stenographer's life who has the flu.
so sad my BlackBerry battery is about to die as I go into a candidates forum
lol I was guna go but my ass was tired from the night before. Lol
NFLNetwork debating AlexSmith being a gay manager.So what if he's gay, & who care's if he can manage.What? oh GAME MANAGER! my bad
Yess. Fun night. 7 followers. Good day.
Is there a mass exodus out of #pdx this morning over the #Ross Island bridge? Wow. Those people will wait forever. Traffic was horrendous!
oh man that's a bummer!! I love those sneakers!
Yeah bro, I got back to free styling again about 4 months but procrastinated on writing until last night when God said its time
Let the shaking begin in Big Brother! Vote for Jeff Coup d' etat! cbs.com info to call HG's leave msgs.
great job, very informative and honest! Thank you!
man, Lisa Salters moved out the way quick!
Great post! Need to remind ourselves to take care of selves & define boundaries. That often requires help from others.
Good morning pplz. I got WAY 2 much sleep last nite...tgif!
Preciate everyone for the birthday wishes and for comin out 2 party wit me....shout out & for partyin and showin a mex luv
I have the disabled rocking chair ...
#Imagine Austin Face timing with you.
Dude visited Ethiopia on Bizarre Foods. What's bizarre is that Ethiopia is known for not having food.
downtown nashville
Exercise finished, the warrior awaits his bride in the lounge, comfortably seated in a leather couch, watching espn and longing for a beer
there's still time! ; )
are you guys gonna be on warped this year?
cupid done shot my ass
Sleeping n dreaming.
I HEAR YA, GIRLY,
My new chili pepper plants are flowering like mad! Nothing like home-grown food!
So today I officially started working on the beatsheet for my (still) Untitled screenplay :)
": The Show must go on at tonight !! Mix live !!
fuck boy where are you
Nice Shoulders n Legs Workout toay with ' ! Looking forward to tomorrow's workout!
It is so good! I am pretty sure you'll love it.
You no the story bhout to be good when it start off with.... So This Bitch....
Was NOT a fan of tonight's ep of #GameofThrones Joffrey is so evil. He makes me sick :/
I know you don't spank that's why you fuck white girls!
I am helping with the "Chefs for Sharing" program this December. Text SHARE to 80888 to donate $10 & get a soup #recipe!
she's too cute!!!
WHAT A JERK
Strong but not nightly sellouts. Ask me again next year... RT How is attendance at new Marlins Park?
legit. Hopefully we can make it to the east coast some time soon as well! What do you crazy kids do out there for fun?
Happy Earth Day everyone! Do something green today... Then make it a habit :-)
me mom isn't going to buy me tickets I'm so upset right now :( :( :( my life is over!!!D:
If your not blind take your sunglasses off in the bar!
Random fact #8 #28 on billboard social 50chart Follow me!
"using this puppet, tell me about the pain you experienced in childhood."
Crazy wind. Hope more tornadoes aren't coming.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
dude was awful.
Kagan confirmed as Supreme Court Justice
Just saw the movie, everyone walked out holding hands....
RT : Sushi outbreak linked to India and good reminder of why import controls needed, Smith Dewaal says.
Dead phone no power...
Yes the only ray of sunshine for The Colts is Powers a pic 2 weeks in a row
so w/ the $$$ taken from Dal & Was how much do they have in cap? how much was taken?
I love traffic
thanks!! Yes I'll def stop by this weekend to celebrate :)
thanks! hope to see others start using this software too- good for audience engagement
Now I understand...
Grrrrrrl! You KNOW I'll gave a GOOD night.
if only you were in atl you could watch me get weird out solo tonight!
Happy Birthday!
Drink Clean & Go Green! RT this full msg from by 12/7 for a chance to win 1 out of 50 $25 C2G giftcards!
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO.
Chandler arts project doomed by lack of finances The sole applicant was unable to get private funding for the ARTyard project.
She did an AMAZING job playing Effie!! I just saw #TheHungerGames last night and loved it!
I like my new profile pic I shot for Facebook.
Been Out All Day...
the weatherman can't always be right. Then you wouldn't have anyone to blame
did it have a mustache??
- no idea but I nominate "tattoo sock"
Cause He Anit Beatin It....Out The Fame Like He...#PoseTo!!
#Usability is an integral part of #UX, but it's not everything. Experience is holistic.
Going to the Bucks game in Denver tonight. Reppin' the jersey fasho. Showing Denver how to get down.
Thanks for the follow!
The Cows have discovered that hooves and small buttons don't mix. No worries though! Your coffee is brewing and waiting just for you.
Here at New Hope South about to lead worship to this awesome youth group!
Porsche Tennis Grand Prix 2012 Here is the promotional video for the upcoming Porsche Tennis Grand Prix tournament in Germany. The tourna
#Tebow was just named NFL's 95th best player by peers on 4th-Rndr, really? fleeced again!
Kaakako Next Step shelter looking for prepared food donations
Looking for something to do tonight? Resident JR Russ is singing w/ this evening at Lisner, 8pm.
The friendly gentleman at Silver Spring and Marlborough nails the homeless crossing guard ever ready for a snap blizzard look. Every. Day.
no! hey at least you've got a year?
#SMTips: Planning holiday travel? Many airlines, including southwest & AA, are having fare sales that end today! Book before midnight.
of course I remember you. How are you?
Thanks Dee
You learn something new every day. Today: Jack Black was a Bobby McFerrin groupie. Yes, the Don't-Worry-Be-Happy-Bobby-McFerrin.
God is a never ending living process of self realization. Reverend Horton Heat tonight!
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
Q1: (1 of 2) On heels of Seau death, fmr NFL QB Kurt Warner commented he would have reservations about sons playing football
So far I heard that Abrusci's Italian in Cherry Creek, the Entire Menu is Gluten-Free--which is awesome! I'm craving pasta!
Scaring the SHIT out of when she comes to the door >>>>
Just left Ufc fan nation. Awesome experience. The fighters were real cool.
Those Eyes...
That awkward moment when someone says ”you two should go out!” & you're just standing there like ”...I wish...”
Don't feel too bad. I've yet to read Harry Potter!
I should probably stop waiting till the day of scheduling to fill out my schedule
Thank You!!! it was a great day and I threw it down with my kids all day :-)! Hope your week goes well!
That's cool! :) Umm I have my sisters gradation party this Saturday and then just church on Sunday! 😜 Thanks for asking! :)
ok nascar remember we got light so lets do daytina 500 night racing :)
Have I said that I really love my iPad? I'm sure I have, but I just wanted to say it again.
when your computer acts ( politically correct equivalent of " retarted " ) and you want to chuck that shit out the window -_________-
WordPress LTR features fine pieces by & among many other fine folks.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Matrix. <-- i took the wrong fuckin pill.
You should make some! Secret = use fat milk
ha ya wanna know something .... It's about 30 Here and snowing :( Lmfao
I'm successful because I'm willing to do what the next guy won't!
is officially a hack outfit anymore. They are just absolute crap.
nice headphones
Your not funny, your actually really annoying
u are hot. what is the 18 for?
Get a free 6-track sampler of The Girl With Th
thanks for the support <3 we followed you back
Ok cool, I'm down to one +k, so we can ping pong for a little bit
My 101s don't appreciate Feynman as much as they should.... :-(
From the suburbs of NYC to the suburbs of DC in 5 hours. I live a quiet life.
thanks! Best $20 I've spent on the kitchen
Everyone else is intent on going to war in Iran Gingrich Romney Santorum Obama It appears Ron Paul is the only one able to receive my vote
When Justice is sociopolitically constructed it often distorts the image Of God & humanity. Because it is subject to human wimps & caprices
#ImSingleBecause my man get on my last nerve
Would love to chat w you about this. Looking at implementing in my market.
Rely of the #FDA compliance programs with insight on the code of federal regulations all free online very basic yet effective for your team
Tried to hit up the UPS store tonight, to box up our food, and send it Oregon, for when we get there; but it was closed when we got there :/
Thank you Phoenix Jones for protecting us from those evil nike- wearing Black Bloc anarchists.
: hey butt butt! wyd
Blowing up the timeline of anyone on twitter at 6:30 AM >
At 16th and Stout where janitors that work for Commercial Cleaning are leafletting about unfair working conditions.
I've gotten over 100 texts in the past 20 minutes hahah
you can get scrapple in #Seattle! Delivered to your door! www.westcoastscrapple.com
Just set up at in #Louisville. Art gallery and music starts at 8. Come out!
GAB has certified recalls for 4 Senators. Elections will be May 8, June 5.
Charlie Sheen is the only choice to play Coach Cal in a movie!
You're all fucking idiots. You don't know anything about Osama Bin Laden and you all just believe whatever the government tells you too.
Really now?? “ Face Down...”
311 miles to LA
Dessert time! $6 pumpkin pie bourbon shots all night!
"Republicans Have Made Lawmaking 'Near Impossible' #huffpost Unless it's tax breaks for people, I mean, corporations!
Thanks for the follow :)
RT : The Extra Kick is good JCSU takes the Lead 14-10 over Miles
Hey, nice chatting! I'm gonna to take a nap & then finish polishing off my story on this very topic for due tonight
i swear my last tweet was true. i deleted it tho.
Fucc your Face.
Can we have Root back?
My love for zayn is getting deeper and deeper... I can't help it 💋
Me thinks I need coffee...I have to deal with these kids...and the slack NYC Public Schools...
Youu know tht gives u viruses??
thank you(:
Thank you chica!!!! Your energy is cathcing!!! mucho love to you!
somethings telling me to leave but i wont
Bostonian Society to reassess its collection, focus on "the Old State House and the late-eighteenth century period in Boston."
I'm not tipsy Joey. And it's not about you. You do know though
I never would have thought of that until you just said it.
Why am I do damn itchy again
Have a great time and get us a win!
This month marks 1 year of Jeff litzie, our drummer, being with us. Go tell him Happy Birthday!
Whiskey to celebrate a super awesome week at new job and a fabu new car (JB). Hanging with prehub watching 30 Rock and Sunny on DVR. *sigh*
we love you too.
❤❤❤RT : anyone want to grab some margs and start a life together tonight? Let me know!
damn...had it with me...I should have called you!
that would probably tie for first place. This girl's name is A'zya(asia). She's out here winning lol
Just heard a band play an instrumental called OPS Blues.
for an average church most worship music is good, for an extraordinary/different church it is Celia music :)
I look so ratcheet today -.-
I got your back girl!!
spit it different all day erryday
What's the biggest news stories for the week? Tune in for 3-2-1 Henry with Steven Stark coming up...
My BIG hater is always talkin shit about me.. as I always say: You can't get me outta your mind..cuz I'm too >>>HOT<<< to get out of
Hint on this word, the venue here in town uses it as two words. Unscramble it and I'll send you the #CovertTU password! FHUSEASOE
Lunatik Clothing is looking for skate/snowboarders,bmx for team. AND dj's, rappers, and entertainers for rep our gear. Lunatik? Check us out
Love is better than any other material in the world
Shout out to all the Mothers in the house on tonight!
hey milio do you Know when we gonna start mc s2?
Love how gives concerts to me & on the phone C:
good-afternoon followers I need to figure out what Outfits n colors i need to wear for my photo(s).......any ideas??????
#GovernorBrewer has $30 million in discretionary federal #stimulus funds that she could use to save the lives of those waiting 4 transplant
I think Britney Griner has better post moves lol
Btw .. I will not be performing at Levelz on the 26th ... sorry to inconvenience anyone who cleared their schedule. - janky
give me one?
Call or e-mail for more information on our cosmetic tattoo artist Raegan!
New icon-me and :)
CAN'T SLEEP! I'm too excited for this year's International Women's Day Banquet happening for free on Saturday @ Post Hall @ 6:30!!
Kate Upton Cat Daddy bikini video: Sports Illustrated cover girl&#39;s hip hop moves go viral
In #SouthDetroit, Jim Leyland is allowed to smoke on the bench.
Memories for everybody.
Cats know, comin' out of four, they better be standin' on it, else they'll be standin' in it. - Richard Petty
I remember this old a** video lol
"A dusty Bible leads to a dirty life..."
What do you need to know about getting started in real estate? Ask your questions to me today!
I trusted you... My bad, it won't happen again. I promise.
Holla, Hustler! RT : Because of your awesomeness, you get your own #FollowFriday #FF: !
RT Boy, there are a lot of unhappy Chicago fans in this airport.
Tonight will be a movie bonanza!
Bluestone encouraged students to think about society, culture. "we are in the end what we build"
Whenever I see on my tl, I gotta stop n check out the avi...yuup :-)
I hate people bullying into getting to put my kids on meds. My kid is 6 I AM NOT going to teach him that a pill is the answer to everything
Me? What did I do?! *tries to look innocent
Dragon tattoo? Never heard. Sounds interesting though. Who's the author? What's the story about? :-)
Just skyping with big deal
I did... Thanks girl!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1963 #Alcatraz Island, the federal penitentiary in #SanFranciscoBay, #CA, closed.
Me too! People use the word brand all willy-nilly. I think we all were yelling at him on that one.
Jan. 2011 issue MAXIMUMPC complete set protection strategies for your computer/network. One of best to use live CD/Linux Distro for banking.
fair, red mill is awesome. I had uneeda for the first time today and was epicly impressed.
This new Norah record is pretty sick. Different vibe
We offer customer service, quality products, skilled personalized haircuts, all in our community
Developers are hot right now! High demand, low supply. Get your CTO locked in! #nyuSternEEX (cc' )
"I like to pay taxes. With them I buy civilization."
In the bpen with
That was an easy Like. Love what you do. Thanks!
Know of any libraries using Linkedin effectively for engagement and/or outreach?
Everyone and everything has become overrated.
Bummer about twitter is I mention golfbag and someone from Calloway is now following me.
me too, waiting for the first book to come in by MacNeil
Wayne I once thought I had mono for an entire year, It turned out I was just really bored.
I do miss those days. One Day At a Time.... (See what I did there? Do ya?)
me obviously ! i love you
Thanks, I've never played Go, but i will check it out. Happy New Year!
Followed all back:)
unfortunately I think they are. Sad, isn't it? Or infuriating, depending on the context.
twitter has been messing with me the last 24 hours. =(
see you at in about 2hrs (?)
Note to Burger King: I'm pretty sure having Steven Tyler anywhere near your food preparation is a health code violation.
Great lazy sunday. Time for two-a-days
I have to step away. I can't deal with you all this morning.
Wats up world it's get blasted Monday's who tryin to get tatted? Come check us out we got the right artist 4 u.
Yes, it's cheating.
Hate my school omfg
Everybody wants somebody who doesn't want them and wants somebody else
Hehe yeah I know. It's freaking addicting!
A thousand people sayin they're proud of me 4 something doesn't even halfway compare 2 the feeling of being proud of myself
Something needs to be. RT : Boos must be motivating.
are you moving there?!
for sure man ill post it
Heading out to coach my students in a fencing competition today at Swordplay in Granada Hills. Gonna be fun to see them go at it.
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE :)
who did your kinky twist
how did you forget
haha, thank you!
"You're happiness upsets me." (in regards to bowling)
it was super bitter at first but i was licking my lips the whole way home :]
My dads brother went home to the Lord. Pray for his family...peace in the knowledge that he isnt in pain and is happily in heaven.
hit me on th 408 # bro u got it?
yess you already know
I aim to please :) And Lauf will get back to you when she has a moment. Times are busy for all of us (testing, end of Q3, etc.)!
#Weeds finale got me all worked up.
I had baseball tryouts i made it i am on the Rangers in Little League. SO HAPPY
Good morning world :)
And captain jack RT : Is Manu coming off the bench again?
Brooklyn Decker Covers Flare June 2012 - The Gossip Girls
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment. Interested? Reach out via Twitter or LinkedIn.
Shannon, nice to meet you. We are sorry for your loss. Fight for a cure-
Thanks! I am amped up!
I'm hooked
todai is my birthday can u plz follow me and my 2 friends and and I iwll give u a follow back
This is so good!
it blows my mind that an ebook costs as much or more than the same book in paperback.
Hell of a game. My Packers are out so for all you Colt fans. GO COLTS!!!
Lost World is the place to go if you are looking for a copy of the first issue of the new Adventure Time series. Tell your friends!
follow for a follow back
M, chocolate. :)
99% sure that was Emma Stone standing next to me at Lobster Place
FOLLOW MY BESTIE that is REAl SWAG rite there!!
London Fall 2010 Application Deadline is this Thursday, April 1. Tell all your friends if they are interested in applying. Cheers!
I was made to love you.
we'll answer that question for you in about an hour
Woah. Just did a 360 on the 71/Gene Snyder ramp w the Land Rover. Not cool but luckily I have handles like Tony Stewart
Watch "its always sunny in Philadelphia" hilarious... RT I don't think I have enjoyed a sitcom as much as I've enjoyed The Bi
I LOVE ME SOME FOOTBALL AND CIROC AH <3
On some real shit , people be in the way . And those people see no where near me .
They share an employee.
Please Follow Me On Twitter i Love u
Man I live in sex stores, lol
Thank you for opposing SOPA and PIPA.
Happy Saturday Twitter Folks! Have an awesome Easter weekend! Thx for the followers! dR
definitely dominos large pizza three toppings for 7 bucks
you were looking mighty fine tonight! <3
Im pass Boss Status like 2Chainz say im just doin me daily cuz everyday pay-day i put dat ish on repeat everyday on my way 2 work
If you ever need some perspective on how wonderful your life is, go spend a little time at a large urban homeless shelter.
Look forward to it!
I've been to Phoenix/Mesa many times when I lived in L.A. My niece lived there B4 moving to CA. Love it
I know, I was inconspicuous in SE Asia-other than being 6'2" and white!
how are you and trackside closed right now? Trying to bet the ponies!
Better than the Bulls game. Continuing my #GLEE marathon. Thx
5.2 mile run on Venice Beach.. think that's a great way to cap off 2011! Feelin' damn good :)
"stay in ur arms see u smile hold u close and it weigh on me as heavy as stone and a bone chilling cold....wise men say only fools"
My heart was totally warmed by your introduction. Nothing wrong with champs-induced emotion!
That's such great news!
Great day, suns out ,show this tweet and get $ 10.00 off per. hr. Today only10/09/10 can't wait to see you down at the dock.
JUST WROTE MY FIRST COMPUTER PROGRAM. It asked me for my last name, then my first name. And then it told me my last name and my first name.
"Thats why I stopped wearing underwear on dates." - Samantha my Hero (SATC)
Stop being so negative all the time
The market manipulators are at work again today. They are taking a shot at either reducing the loss or pulling the DOW (at least) positive.
Finally got my Starbuck's, got some new clothes & about to do our nails. #lovegirltime <3
hah! I know! so excited to play so many shows with you guys!!
This is the best article... think I have met half of them....;-)
RACK CITY TRICK RACK CITY
I love how little Hispanic kids are always so well-dressed. Just saw a 5-year old in cowboy boots and bolero tie. :)
quite a few people in my office will be happy to hear the news. I'll email you guys in a few weeks with a date and time
will share? :)
Thank you And thanks for being a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
interestingly, corporate authorship tends toward medium lexical diversity in the case studies presented
Passover is known as the holiday of spring. Hope you're enjoying the warmer weather!
EVERYONE go SEE the Pic of Deb Noonan winning SUPREME! it is PRICELESS!
Good lunch with Anne Gimenez and John B. Working on America For Jesus--9-28 and 29 in Philly--press conf. Tomorrow at NRB.
Happy New Year to all my friends in Berlin :-)
Interest rates are giving back yesterday's flight to safety rally and equities are recovering this morning
Tweets Real Shit ! Everyone Should Follow Him
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
Lost the ball to the navel ring for the 10th time grrrr
Alright Coopsters, we have an important question for you all. Do you like to eat our Rib Tips with sweet or spicy sauce?
TY for the kind words!
cus they be dirty
I sent you a lovely message on fb... :)
I'm starving !
#Kansas vs. #Kentucky for the national title...WOW!...the basketball gods are pleased.
What are you most afraid of when you think about changing your job or career?
April is the Month of the Military Child and a time to honor the contribution of the youngest members of military families.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Beards and Razors!
DuoView releases the best imaging digital radiography system in veterinary medicine. www.duoview.net
McPherson- The fireworks display as Farragut's fleet ran past the Mississippi forts was surely the most elaborate in US history at the time.
Are we allowed to speak to each other starting this weekend? An original six series...can't ask for anything better than that.
you know just chillin and planning on going to NYC this summer. We miss you!!
At #IFC #Worldbank for signature Leopard Haiti Fund. 75M financing project. 75% Haiti 25% DR
Tomorrow I buy paint and a fan for the back porch. #biggirlpurchases think tropical paradise in Bellaire :)
Kerri u no workin' RT 'm bored out my mind @ work
And were off!!! Let the games and Beer Drinking begin!!!
camel stucco contractors, stucco contractors carmel, carmel stucco companies, stucco companies carmel, stucco repair carmel indiana
Happy Friday!!
RT : Default social role has changed from the "worker" to the "friend." Network wealth is created from "friends."
... hence our paying for a extra Ethernet and putting our own access points in the IB areas to at least bring in a little wifi..
Just saw & heard the 1st Xmas commericial. I'm SO not ready for Xmas. Same shit EVERY. SINGLE. YEAR.
"Daddy, how are you going to dance at the rock show tonight?" Might pogo, but probably just stand there all aloof and nod occasionally.
NAPA Gvrn Cncl to have meeting on 2/23. Will discuss plan for GC meeting at #SfAA. Pls share key topics #NAPA should discuss and work on.
aww im sorry.
well girls do tend to develop ahead of boys. :) so that means lucky YOU!
admiral characters ... indeed....
hahaa that must have been amazing. I was up there for an eagles SB loss AND steelers SB win. So... not so amazing haha
oh whats that you said? You love me too? Omg awe :)
we love you too!
cool! Will do!
Now learning: googling a prospective employee is a discriminatory practice.
Tomorrow is ROYALTY DAY! Show all the underclassmen who really run ACC!
More frightening than Jobs' death is the fact that Apple is going to run out of big cats to name their OSXs after very soon. #OSX "Tabby"
need to hear from CORTNEY LOVE, E'ZACCEUS JACKSON, IMARI CLARK
he waits too long to me LOL
my mom is a terrible photographer as well! She admits it, at least.
Oh yeah. Big Mac is in the top 10.
Back atcha, lady!
Dinner-steamed veggies:/ what am I,a bunny?? I need real food!
go out and have fun! Me and are going out tonight 2. Maybe we'll run into u guys since u aren't going 2 porters...lol
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes. Morris Mandel
what region are you in?
I like your links you posted on how to right a press release...very helpful, thank you.
We MUST Have A Beer Date! “: Right after happy hour Wed: 60, 90 & 120 Minute IPA's will be flowing. Get them while you can”
goddamn that new avi is incredible.
Uber windy out
At the Nevada Archaeological Association conference in Eureka, Nevada. A lot of good topics being presented.
Third day of lib cataloging class. This is going to be a tough one.
For real. I dropped some mixes off for you and - have fun w Badu tonight!
Going fishing so excited me and my bro are gonna catch some sharks wooohooooo
Each person is born to one possession which out values all his others - his last breath - Mark Twain
Design and code to web standards. Browsers must adopt standards or face elimination. Days of "best viewed with.." are over.
I swear my mom is a hoarder, she won't throw away my hair from my first hair cut, or even my teeth.
Post Apocalyptic Party is an awesome fucking song!!! Congrats Fucking loving it!!!!!!!
he ain't gonna believe you cause ain't shit happened anyway rude
Watching 90210. Season 4! College! New intro music! What dreams may come?!
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
Must eat NOW
I like Claudia M Creations!!! :)
#thingsthatpissmeoff dudes that say they baby mamas crazy but haven't done a thing for the shorty #notetofemales don't date that guy
Relaxing with my children.
“: The last eight-track released by a major label was Fleetwood Mac's Greatest Hits in 1988.” same for cassette tapes?
Happy Birthday !!!! :D
After a Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a long touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Quorey Payne. Preds lead 47-40.
My phone... I charge that! My kicks... I rock that! These chips... I EAT THAT!!!!!!!
ha yes. I will join a fantasy league next week because of it. Always Sunny is a GREAT suggestion. I'm on it!
R.I.P. Dino De Laurentiis
who talk? xdd .
Self publishing has yielded minimal success so far but atleast i am not a puppet. Shout out to all my free thinkers.
Way to go Pack!! 12-0!!
Everyone can win tonight. Go to our Facebook page and "Like" us to reveal a $10 OFF coupon good for any $50 order on our website
The couple next to me are so high on meth.
have not heard from u in a min.
Every time I have a really fast driver when I take public transit, I imagine myself as Frida Kahlo.
When people steal my dayuuum food >:'c
Have you tried our pizza and salad buffet yet? We have dessert pizza too!
#Knicks #Amar'e punched the fire extinguisher glass just to get 2 the extinguisher since it might be the only thing to play defense vs
Amen! RT : Michael Bay is going to ruin Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. No question.
Actors! Please please please send us sample sides! We are working a way to import sides into the app so you dont have to type line by line!!
bye huntsman. now that the only reasonable GOP candidate is gone, time for Obama to prepare a victory speech
Whenever your team sucks and it's underperforming (Red Sox, Royals)Just be thankful your not the Saints.
LOL! You're welcome! :)
At the post office. Breathing.
Had dinner . Probably new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. By Michael Mina is a good thing! Great service and food
I know, so disappointing!! Thank you spotify, for saving me the money i may have spent on blindly buying that album.
actually she prob did get out of bed like that amazing.
hush with dat small head
I will as soon as I get home .... texting + driving = bo bueno lol
A great way to learn the basics of yoga is with our Newbie Yogi Workshop. We have one Sat, March 10 @ 3:00pm with Anne.
finds political system "stupid" & despises vast majority of Americans, yet is irrationally hellbent on being our president.
Rayos de sol
I have nothing to say to you.
I already sent it check your email
I bet we could get Morozov.
"It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the #environment."
dang! let me know next time about 4 months in advance and I'll work it out...! :)
My Sis Got The Heat Blastin
Want to try out spy app. Sounds excellent
There is literally only an hour left to submit. ! Do it before we all turn into pumpkins!
I can't find the link on the NBC LA FB page for the Neil Diamond tix!
I cannot wait until 7:47 tomorrow
Getting ready to do my french dialogue.
As much fun as hack comics are, they are nowhere near as fun as hack bookers.
Fifty One minutes left and definitely counting down!
Hey world
Successful night, I'd say
he really is lovely
hahha well in addition to her great voice, shes got swag. & as dumb as it seems, there are so many talentless famous ppl w/ swag
. Congratulations on everything! :)
The best that anyone has EVER had, ever. And ever.
Meatloaf, Mac n Cheese, Tots, Oh My! Cozy up w/ Comfort Food 4 at 18th & U Duplex Diner on 4/26.
ME TOO! When do you arrive? Make sure and play "spot the writer" in the airport!
looking for a good app to log time on #iPad - want to track how much time students spend in different apps for a particular class. Ideas?
So I got my balls grabbed and my prostate checked. Yup, bad day.
Happy Friday! "Anything is possible. Anything can be." ~ Shel Silverstein
Are you guys offering a pre-sale tomorrow for the Coldplay tickets?
I hope I can finish this weapon before D3.
As a #Pisces people often take your kindness for weakness,but if they really knew that you are not the one to mess with. -Zodiacfacts
Got free coffee at wawa this morning because the wait was too long. Reason #190987 that they rock
Carry-on as much as possible! RT : When flying, what's your #1 tip for making sure everything goes smoothly?
I worked with him on HOBO WITH A SHOTGUN. An absolutely fantastic guy.
wants you to get your Bruschetta submissions in ASAP! The deadline is April 30!
My skin seems to like this no dessert thing I'm trying out. Happy for my skin but a little sad for my taste buds.
Y is it that when I'm running late ppl drive slower & stupid-er? (is that a word)
If they dont let me in through the front, ill make my way through the back
game with and
I survived my 4th annual 30th birthday. For some reason I went to see 50/50. I cried all night.
Merry cinco de drinko you sluts
Detroit's Eastern Market is the largest market district in the country.
5th and 12th, sorry Las Vegas. You should still come down today though!
I'm going to teach the kids that even the parents gave up on. teachers may not be rich but i'll be making an impact in hundreds of lives.
Patriots are trying to move up.
are they staying with Jeff now?
BACK TO BACK!!!
Hey Pam. Just curious, what does your readership/"circulation" look like? The new Patch stuff looks interesting.
Thanks for the advice! I'm working today, but we'll get there as fast as we can!!
yup just did and replied :) same here ahaa i still can't wait to finally meet you <3
#facebook is down everyone is going through withdrawals
you're a great person to talk to. If they don't see that then its not worth your time.
Avengers? FREAKING FANTASTIC !!!!! :D
ha. But what will we use for the all-access pass?
I'm feeling GREAT. Who else is feeling fantastic?!?! Saw my best friends, ate a chicken cheesesteak, and drank lots of sangria.
Yup. I'm just limited in tweeting time.
North Phx. n u
rainy and stormy.....awesome B-)
she ain't ready... Lol. She's been put the loop for a min.
It's National Talk Like A Pirate Day. . .so arrgghhh!!
It's National Static Electricity Day! Hope you have a shockingly good day!
I told you bro.
Thanks fam. You too.
Looking for some good local #bluegrass bands to play the recording stage at Tala Vera
no clue, but I am pretty sure you need to open a shop in seattle. :-)
Today was a good day with her ;) Tomorro i should try and make it even better ;D
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
keep em coming Kyle
After a beautiful but mad dinner party w/t 30 girlfriends last eve, laying low & spending time with hubby today. How about you?
Jay in Lyndon in the KSR house!
You would think so because if they pull it off ; billionaires #KockBrothers and others would be able to ”dictate” peoples lives.
ya man it sucks. Just been limpin around the last 4 days. Lol
it would have to be I AM. its always stuck in my head! :)
Great now we know what Mr. Waitress will be smelling like for the next month.
Hey! You are so amazing! Such a great actor and I love you! Please tweet me back! :} <3
Advising my friend about maternity swimwear made from natural fibres, that holds shape for longer than one summer.
Last day of school...who's ready for some Go-Karts???
no surprise there
What would Tolstoy tweet?
most of my problem is with Larussa. Anyway cards are good team. Rest of series should be great. enjoy your work thnx for chatting
does is taste like you
Sleep well. We all love you
thanks for sharing awesome blog post
We Need To Go Back To That Auto Part Store To See My Boo Lol
Riding in the Chevelle to go pick up Sunshine, makes spending $ on tires not so bad!
I swear every girl tweets at least once "I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime".
I think you should make it into a flower pot. Tho that could impede your typing ability a bit...
PC Buyers To 'Wait And See' On Windows 7 Survey reveals almost half of consumers will wait until the reviews are in before committing.
#Educause10 Is there a site out there that makes it easy to do localized #crowdsourcing. Ex/ rate #ideas on how to improve campus community
awesome choices! Have you ever been in before?
Good Morning (: Last day of school for me (;
BEAUTIFUL! Lucky you!
Thinking an established driver wins Daytona today....Dale Jr. ??
haha nice yea I followed them in HS and since SU is out of it I can actually root for them
After 3 declines we are up and running. Ip4 and upgrade cross sale by fiona
OMG - that sounds so good! I think I might need to sneak away from work for awhile. ;)
I think I am having a mini panic attack! I am so effing scared! Maybe I should have taken with me....
I can criticize certain things about the Avengers, but dammit, none of that matters. It was a really fun ride. I want to see it again.
ur hair is to pretty
You're welcome! Anytime!! C:
love the panther pic coach! I stole it lol!!
it seems weird to hire someone that doesn't read news to be a news commentator. maybe I'm just picky.
Hey tweeps! Good day! :)
Thank you! I work on improving my sense of humor daily! Craig's List provides me with so many things I find humorous!
I hate that. I never sign up.
are you familiar with any premed fellowships/national scholarships or awards that you would encourage to apply?
Thanks for speaking. I loved hearing the ?s you ask to make the data to give you the answers u need.
aw fuck yeah
Follow me for a chance to win tickets to my concert(s)
looking for 13 - 17 year-olds for the Google Code In. Looks like a blast with cool prizes.
Why teach a research methods course in the first year? Increases retention, allows early engagement with product & process.
Are you ready for tomorrows Rocktagon's fights???
conquest cap, or level new Protect Pal, what to do
Analog Candle Symphony
Glad hit us with that play by play.
Time is money so i went and bought a Rolex
The ill-tempered narcissist is going to 'teach you a lesson you'll never forget'. They have the audacity to walk away. proud of themselves..
Seriously there isn't a single other person aty my gate including attendants...I swear there is only one gate G17...
you're welcome!! :)
omg outfits were a travesty with the exception of Sharon. I worship her. What a rough week across the board. OMG top 3!!
Hey Aztecs! Spring break is here! We know the perfect place to spend it!
Man City getting that ass beat>
There are a lot of good bachelor pad/grandpa's room pendletons. And like LV, they NEVER GO ON SALE.
HA RT : First time at Rustica.. I'm chomping on a Bostok, which has a name like a monster or a lip implant, but tastes quite good.
It will be a mere 90 degrees on Sun! Perfect weather for noshing and imbibing!
i wanna see cool runnings....tha movie
I leaned back too hard and my studio chair snapped. I'm NFL linebacker size, but...Now I'm using an exercise ball for a chair. Bouncy!
No!!! The done canceled mah favorite soap!
Made steak on an iron after a full day. Competitions tomorrow.
: #MayDay in the US should be all about memory of workers' struggles. Remember Chicago 1886
q5) Learn how to create and deliver content effectively not just the tools used to create content
#GovWalker not looking great on camera these days. Is the Light of truth giving him migraines? An upset tummy?
Would love to hear 60s Dylan singing "…we oil the jaws of the war machine and feed it with our babies…"
It's bad when your own friends dont even like you
So what is a landscape architect doing in an interior design competition?
#news Gary Oldman wins his first acting award in more than two decades for his role as spymaster George Smiley in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
If my luggage goes over 50lbs due to paper theres still that stupid fee.. so who cares.
doubt it
If you miss fireworks tonight don't worry, will be giving #steelersnation lots of fireworks during the upcoming season
is "Boo" the new "Garbage"?
I think it's safe to say from the columns that I have no good advice! /that there is no good advice
lol. I made it up talking to you!!
Hello world. Woke up feeling good today
&#9730; Protect your Liberty
TRAFFIC - Semi Rollover - EB 90/94 @ the MM90 (between Lake Delton & Baraboo exits) Semi in the median, no blockage,
Buy One Get One Free Sandwich or Salad. Open for lunch at 9th and Broadway - Mon-Fri! Come over!
it's always weird for me! I'm flattered - which article/class?
Perfect day to go to the lake. Wish I had some more money to go.
Upgrading to iOS5 at 3 in the morning seems to keep my phone from running into problems
Don't ever feel sorry for yourself or sulk about what your clients ask you to do. Find a price that works or find new clients
Saying "Thats crazy" when you haven’t been listening to someone.
Come on Ovy
Very glad CyanogenMod 9 has selective permissions built in. Sad I have to root/ROM to get it.
so much creeping going down up at CEC. ah
Tomorrow oughta be interesting!!!! let's do this thing!!!
I know right 😢
Eli Manning is getting #SackedLikeSomeGroceries #49ers vs
I'm in Mt. Iron, MN for the Iron Range Earth Fest. Still some snow piles in parking lot.
Shut up you shop at danice
Life may be a pain in the ass at times, but I'm satisfied knowing in not taking any short cuts.
Curious about the future of Social TV? 's Digital Hollywood () panel is about to begin.
he actually never said that he did say u only kissed
"Save water, shower with your girlfriend."
Looks like I'm working a little tomorrow morning...people love the dirty jobs WSDOT-style at the Montlake Bridge pits.
D: aw
Beside that; one of my classmate I 'liked' asked me a question. Ohmy.
You're not that cool motherfucker. Shut your shit Already
Tonight was another great night wit
That's true, but, then again, I don't think intentionally hitting a batter is suspension worthy at all, personally.
We appreciate your input! Happy to judge these scripts and looking forward to 'First Offense'!
my ravens are in first my bills 2nd my texans first even without our key players#1overall and my u mia guys are back 2gether
call or tweet your order in with a pickup time and I'll have it ready :)
probably better than commando boots. Loafer slipper = happy medium?
GODDAMNETTALENTISDROPINGLIKEFLIES!!! I was in class all day WHY DID NO ONE MENTION LEVON!!!! DAMN YOU YOUTH R.I.P. THE BAND
#SomewhereInTheGhetto a mexican girl is penciling her eye brows in and taking duck faced pictures of herself with her baby daddy.
I'd love to get some of your products. How can I get it in NY?
we're so excited for you! The preview was sweet!
who doesn't? It's rent free at least.. I miss you too, GET TO SEE YOU IN ABOUT 33 HOURS!
Free Boulevard Brewery and Amaretto de Saronno tasting today! 4-7pm
Thanks! We're glad you like it! Tell your friends...
How is my playing Bejeweled 10K feet going to cause the plane to go down?
Happy September! Keep an eye out for our September GoFastPass promotions all over Pittsburgh.
#bulls going to lose and its not close.
When you confront a problem, you begin to solve it. ~ Rudy Giuliani
Yes, bring back Good Eats. That show continues to inspire me to cook more so than anything else. It helps me understand the why.
Loving tweets about the Canadians
Goodby NYC...a city of many characters, accents, shapes, and sizes. But mainly sizes!
About this girl...? She has a very pop and funk style, she doesn't sing she MAKE REALLY BEAUTIFUL SOUNDS! And about love...?
the high light of my day... sending a picture of my green card
Days of thinking and I've decided to try. I just have to get an abstract together by the first. I think I can do it.
i love this fireplace thing s/o coon n' speencor
well it is CRS ya know
Dazed And Confused will ALWAYS be one of my favorite movies in the entire world.
And!!!! Lol! RT : Everybody and they momma want to start dieting right before summer..
I don't think Shelly Duncan pulls the ball foul too much....
A guy wearing skinny jeans just walked in with a coffee mug that looks like a camera lens and an old fashioned suitcase
He and Eddie respect each other and that's important. Erick Stevens on the other hand isn't being respectful.
may not be blond , skinny and beautiful on the outside but on the inside she is the most beautiful girl you shall ever meet ;)
You guys remember the #WhiteSox traded Mike Cameron for Paul Konerko, right? Thanks, Ron Schueler.
Meth test got moved to later this week
Madison school officials confirm school will be closed Friday as previously scheduled so that teachers can attend a regional conference.
No Wichita shirt man?
Enjoy your weekend!
: Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
Some people are watching #Glee but I'm watching Switch
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to your tweets! :)
Blues penalized for not rolling away and Glendale makes them pay with a penalty 3-11
just love how people can spin things off of them and make it all be my fault...
I want an office job ☹
iHealth Ventures presenting live at the RWJF Aligning Forces Phase II Judging Session in New Orleans, LA
No!!! Haha xD just a Boss
"Job hunting tips for former offenders." Almost finished with this. You can find it soon on Going-Straight.com.
Anyone notice how COMMUNITY keeps coming up in this #libmade webinar? That's key! Get your community involved!
thank you!! I feel like I JUST watched you guys. Crazy!
mitchell, you have no idea. you really don't. i mean no offense—but ask retired nflers (even "healthy" ones) what it's like
I don't know what's worse, this Then and Now or this history book's grammar.
Ah sweet Sunday
how r u? Hope all is well
yes. We'll run through bushes and shit
Just realized suicide girls are just mediocre looking women wearing eye liner.
I'll look forward to it. I'm a big blind buyer; I buy morethan I can reasonably watch. I don't unwrap til I'm ready to watch.
I love this acronym I heart from Neal Donald Walsch, author of Conversations with God... F. E. A. R. = Feel Excited And Ready!!!
If a woman- used lightly tells u that its none of her biz if u take care of ur kids physically/ financially n doesn't seem concerned RUN.
beautiful and poetic. Just like you :)
Hawaii teachers union to revisit rejected contract - BusinessWeek
Cardinals are Judge Smails
In the morning, sweeten your coffee/tea with stevia or truvia, which are all natural 0 cal sweeteners. Don't get artificial ones!
Lets work RT : i want you to calib with in austin!!!
RT I exercise cuz I still eat bad shit ...oreos um
Even thought the weather ain't good, we still up here n Plan B doing our thang! Be safe ya'll
chili cheese dog, buffalo mac & cheese, salad...@ the Diamond Club! YUM
Happy Birthday, Chad.... Splash some tequila on your Wheaties and make it a great day! :)
And yet again they blogged contrivance and disguise
Every dog has its day, every day has a way of being forgotten. MOM IT'S MY BIRTHDAY
follow back plzz :D
amen jpp ill be rooting for u guys big time tonight.... lets go gmennnn
thanks fellas
neat! have a great shoot!
you need to come to my grandmas bible study next time we have it. I think invited you once but it got cancelled.
Saturday/Sunday 20% off everything in the store!
“: ... sitting here chilling w my girls and my old friend Wannie... #karmenhere”play yo role lol
RARE ONE TIME EVENT: Tasting of RARE Hawaiian Grown & Produced Teas 1:30pm Register in advance $10, Call 402 393 7070
ALL DAY? LIKE EVERY SECOND?
Thank god I got a new phone number when I did so I don't have to deal with these crazies anymore
This weeks SoundDiego episode comes from one of my favorite SD restaurants Kentucky Colonel's FTW!
follow back for my birthday ?
It's far too beautiful outside to be in here doing hw...
this statue in Beijing, what is that? Clueless?
Remodeling? When nailing long wood pieces, stagger nails along different lines of grain to avoid splitting.
Even with a Chanel foundation brush I always use my fingers.
It's National Chemistry Week!
My last 4 dreams have been hyper realistic. Good thing this one was hyper realistic but with a MAGIC BATHROOM.
If I tell you I have a B.A. in English and you ask if I'm a doctor, you're not getting my phone number.
House escrow really confuses me. But I can't argue when I get a big check in the mail saying we paid to much into it this year. (^V^)/Wo0t!
Oh. That's super no fun.
Who's missing the Dog Show already? There's always next year. Or watch Dog Shows from year's past on !
that would look ugly on me anyway
The Machine Head will be performing Live tonight at the House Of Blues - Dallas. Call us now and buy your show tickets: 888-493-0004
get a rice cooker
QOTD: "When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future." - Bernard Meltzer
Lucky you! You must have been the "cool kid" at school. Is your dad's company still around?
see you at the WAC!
the pleasure was all mine!
Woo-Hoo! We've reached 400 "Likes" today! Thanks for following Prolase on Facebook everyone!
its gonna be a long night.
Aww thanks so are u! =]
haha my man you know where it is! We'll fix up this #CourseMeeting and compare notes here I'm sure there's gold in there!
Following you! Thank you.
Follow FBLA members
RT : LOL. Small world! No, we didn't do the cover, just the interior layout.
great to see you guys, date night soon!
I lie because it's comforting for you.
I also went to a vegan restaurant for dinner tonight and got a bomb vegan cupcake.... lots of yummy treats today! ;)
Glad she is so supportive of George, but that man is never going to marry her.
It's tough to beat the 50% off at lunch special So good!
Finally got out of the house tonight. It was only for 5 minutes but I feel like a new woman.
Hey set on ur laptop. On tumbler, talk crap act like ur mr know it all! ya ur cool!
emailed you a couple of songs!
hey how can I find it??
That's so true...
Oh. Good one!
Lol No Problem Hun :-) Hope To See Nd Your Friends At The Show!
Happy #Thanksgiving! Give thanks to #God for all He has done. Remember to be a #blessing to someone as well.
Lmfaooooo im officially scared for life !
Awe no PGH dates :(
I was a little iffy at first but my new favorite show
Thank you #Whitneyhouston for teaching me to sing while I was alone in my room growing up, you were one of my biggest inspirations! RIP
Law In Order Marathon.
Natalie Dormer's characters are always promising kings that she'll give them sons.
Nuggs are hanging around...we need to run FAKERS off floor!
A pinch hit 3 run double by Travis Koch gives Paris a 5-3 lead now
“: Unfollowed. Boring, repetitive, tweet too much, talks about himself etc”--Think that describes everyone on Twitter, Lee
MINK LOOKING REAL GOOD TONIGHT !!!!
Looking forward to watching So You Think You Can Dance and Not Get Injured tonight.
Is it just me or is this season of Jersey Shore lamo!!! It's like everyone's board and stuck playing games that I played when I was 5!!
RT : About to see Wiz right now LIVEE via back stage
Coincidences & intuitions gaining momentum, music video shot, park picnicking, & onwards to webseries screening- my version of Good Friday!
I survived my 21st birthday. I'm never drinking again.
HAHA! (Also, be safe!)
RT : Q3: Buy a reusable coffee cup and start filling your calendar with purposeful conversation times
I probably could stand a chance on American Idol if I could bring my shower on stage.
i just wanted to tell you i love your profile pic:)
Wow. The south end zone is obnoxious.
I hate seeing lazy ass pple leave they carts in parking spaces
Oh I hit 2000 followers! Coolio! G'night from Nashville!
or should i say becks
Who's your pick? Lakers or Celtics?
I remember May Day, as a child, was about leaving flowers on neighbors doorstep and running away. It's a little different today.
LAMBORGHINI MERCY!! YO CHICK SHE SO THIRSTY!!
Headed to the conference today.
ah. Hmm, maybe I'll ask for it with extra MACHINE!!!
where's that? #bullittcounty here
belly dancers celebrating at a salsa club = they need to increase the cover charge lol
back homee!! presentations went well ;]
This made my day! Much love! RT : The only brand i wear is its my favorite!
there not really looking for (serious rappers) basically there trying to sell a gimmick that they can put on tv
is so funny AND right on. We are all secret shoppers & reporters .
I don't shit on piss-water.
yes, I'm getting drunk with him tonight haha
Heading out to meet with in a bit. First we work, then eat good food, then catch up on last few eps of Walking Dead!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
I find humor in everything. Sorry that I like to laugh.
Let's get the fun day started!
No, we just met. It's cool if you just want to cuddle and fall asleep. --Liar about to not sleep all night, but stare at the ceiling.
Why is #vegas so expensive? Forget it I;m staying at a Motel 6
I miss my friend cumin Spanish teacher.. Learn more spanish......... Forget my friend her promise....
like #NICKIMINAJ with dicks! you guys are the shite!
hoping to keep the snow for a few days. Cleveland always looks,better with some white highlights.
an #Aries is adventurous, active, and outgoing
My sympathies to you, Twan. It's always difficult remembering the birthdays of passed loved ones.
where do you find this stuff?
NO NO NO OMG MY GRANDMA IS NOT TURNING THE CHANNEL SHE WATCHING HER SHOW IM GONNA MISS IT *SCREAMS*
Anyone have any connections at PIDC? I need to ask a favor for a small job. Message me! Thanks?
Why do I think Lebron James will be quoting Admiral Akbar's famous line in a few minutes...IT'S A TRAP!
25- your really nice! Even though I talked to you like once. Lol(: talk to me more. <3
Up, hungover and at the dentist.
Just heard a radio ad for a 30-year variable-rate mortgage loan. Have we learned nothing?
I be high so it's coo.
Havarti is the unsung hero of the cheese world.
: Haters let you know you're doing right!
The French amphibious Dixmude—France's newest warship—can act as a seaborne mobile operating base for 16 helicopters.
Very nice. Never would have thought there would be a D7 conversion.. I am impressed
I think that depends a lot on how they argue, there is a healthy way to do it but far to many don't do it that way.
: screw the e.r. that's a piece of cake .I need it for them cuckoo
Ha! Hope not.
like when we met yea ..
Where the fuck is at?
Just found out what gettin' cocky means:] i thought it meant the boys part:))haha:)
Glad his first name isn't Richard
#everyoneisanartist MSG (where is Travis?!?!)
I got my giant poster! Thank you!! :D
Iberville Colony Stone to be star attraction during Weekend of Discovery in Ocean Springs
lol hurry its so boring
So apparently apologizing for runnin into someone makes you a smart ass...
Thanks to you all!
Lunch with always improves the day. M. Korean BBQ.
I told my kids one Sunday that everything happens for a reason, even them tripping and/or falling. Take that 1 figuratively or literally.
hey homie are you feeling better?
Wow another amazing day in Philly enjoying being a part of ArtStar Craft Bazaar! I feel like I'm at the ocean!!!
On the average, we have 60,000 thoughts per day. 80% of those thoughts are negative.
you're so mean lol
RT : I seriously can't wait for hoot fest this summer.
my dogs are being annoying..
Very nice! Thanks for stopping by!
thank you. Have a good week. Happy House hunting.
Thanks, we are looking to add some fun stuff to our website, this is our first try :)
Just remember the only safe and clean energy is solar and wind. All others pollute and can cause problem for the future.
Park Slope residents! How do you feel about the pawn shop that just opened on 9th St? Some say it is not the right fit in this neighborhood.
Thank you BH. I'm on hold for Tech Support... catching up on Cable TV offerings (don't subscribe myself)...not missing much ;-)
everything happens for a reason & they all blessings
!!! Time for THE Ohio State to lose!!!
So many fish in one pond!!!
ah yes: Kilkenny draught... that brings back memories indeed. now i need a workout to deal with the fries...
#MLB exploring possibility of funding baseball scholarships at Division I programs
very nice. stuff like that makes me wish was close to family.
I've heard much about EF5 this evening. I am blind, as I don't know what occurred. I apologize!
RT : Q8: DO U HAVE ANY HEALTHY GADGETS THAT HELP U TO STAY ON TRACK W/ UR FITNESS GOALS? IF SO, SHARE
protip: maybe don't go hiking in iran
thanks! I just realized youre in the area. Keep me in mind when someone you know is looking for a graphic / web designer.
Just spring cleaned by cube! BOOM!
it's a good way to get votes too cause the other candidates h8 🌈 lmao I'm not a fan but that's life :( love you too!
Dancing time ;)
Day one of #techcon is wrapping up. About to get together w/some top-notch speakers to rehearse tomorrow night's #ignite event!
Your life is about to get a whole more awesome.
Gorgeous day @ beach yesterday. Got speck of destructive distillation of organic material on my foot. aka tar. rat backward.
Now you're on the trolley!!
In conf space yes, in lobby yes, in rooms you have to pay. RT : does the Marriott have free wifi?
thanks so much for the follow!
How about get to know them and inspire them? RT : Educate customers, don't "PUKE" features!
you deserve so much more because you are the best at singing you deserve to be signed!<3
I still claim
Don't forget to take a time out!!
this team is different than the carmelo years. this team has actual promise IMO. carmelo was a ball hog and never played D.
Hey!!! Do you saw the moon is bautiful
“: Can't find a job? Create one for yourself, we are the generation of entrepreneurs”
AHA!! how does 1 woman get the SAME treadmill every time? ...she unplugs it (appears broken) until she's ready to use it...i'm onto u!
She was a very special gramma, I think about her frequently. She has nice and very special sons! :-)
Bout to get my day started wish everyone a bless n productive day god is always on our side just believe in him
(Waves) Thank you for RT! Hope all is well! :)
Awesomesauce. MT : This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
Thank you so much for the kind words!
African-Americans use retirement savings more than other groups. We must create business to create and accumulate wealth....
i love making lists. if i could be a list-maker in a professional capacity, that would rule.
Our dependence on foreign oil is a national security issue - and has been - with negative impact in 3 ways: Killing: Env; $
Thank you Hustlers! You are very helpful ;D
gosh!! you have to do lots don't cha'?
and yes, we do. Well I'm pretty ninja at shows! Just not on a daily basis haha xD
Bird Watch
As #TeamQinTheCommunity Thurs wraps up we just want to let all our great followers to know that all week we will be for looking things to RT
Girl there are several songs I'm going to be singing out loud. Including the following: Love Story, Mean and Sparks Fly!!!
A hell of a lot more than you. He is a conservative. You arent. You have lied about him a lot. His record is better n Reagans
How was you're Thanksgiving?
Hahaha seriously!? ... So do I. I Thought I was the only one
did he seriously say he had a big head?! That's awesome, sorry I missed it
I figured as much and was enroute to find you
Watchin Lost al day cause i aint got shit to do
After Party At Shots After
..which is..what?That the electronically mediated is less emotionally deep/true?
Please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for the largest online selection of fabulous beaed sweaters by Design Options!
Congratulations, Japan! Very proud of team USA!
Good luck, safe travels! RT : #JFK about to board Turkish Airways to see newly American-Albanian
Im here....i haven't been on here in like 2 months. Im sorry lol :-*
Always try something outside of the the box.
Im up late jamming.. Ill be sleep soon..
i think it's perfect!!!
vs at 7pm tonight! Check it out with 52 LCD screens and full sound
I really curious to see what my fans have to say about me or my programs
Don't fear adversity. Embrace it. In the long run, it will form the basis for success. It's in times of adversity that opportunity knocks
wtf it keeps saying I unfollowed you! like whenever i click ur page it has that follow button!
Schedule a free in-home design consultation and mention "Valentine's Day" for $100 off your order of $500 or more!! (expires 2/28/11)
how do we contact you about an event?
what did i tell you? LEAN INTO IT.
the gun range targets is sad, the guy was unapologetic in making $$$ from this travesty
can we bring the bed?
I on the other hand am at the doc office sitting next to a woman who smells like a pack of cigarettes...
I'm with ya on BB. We look like shit. Even in our 2 recent wins, we didn't look so good. Our defense is atrocious!
So true. My hubby and I just moved and our car broke. That does it too for me.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. -Euripides
YOUNG ADULT WATCHES ! AT LUCYWATCHES! G-SCHOCK,BABY G,ANNE KLEIN,BULOVA,MK LOOK,D&G,INVICTA,SWISS LEGEND,SEIKO,CITIZEN,ORIENT,FASHION $5.99
No class next week!
..you know any good booking agents or artist management peeps
Damn you Etrade! Experiencing high volumes...way to cut off the phone call after 20mins of waiting. I hope the Facebook stock tanks! 😡
including some ladies from ! :)
Need a ride to the Seattle 2.0 Startup awards tonight from Downtown Bellevue? I can take 3 people at 5h15pm!
wanna know why chicks on your dudes dick? he's a fucking whore
its like messi's and pique's goal vs real madrid
great proformane at the fight
Didn't get the text, but at least you have Orange Juice
Come support Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
clearly id be a date. Lol
This Beastie Boys news is no good. RIP MCA
I havent seen him all day!!!!
Welcome new consensus seekers and Thnx for following!
did you read the article?
Also, someone clearly hasn't heard of Freegal. Check your e-resources before you assume CDs are the only option!
yes unless the hair is soft. T. But its a good tool to clean up with less blade. But ur tliners need to b sharp and lines clean
which one are you? Come intro yourself
Fun Fact: Charles University, host of The Prague Semester, was founded in 1348 and is the oldest university in Central Europe.
"Chefs as Farmers" RT : Get yr copy of Edible San Diego No. 16 hot off the prss &
I have a feeling avocado jokes will now replace all the carrot jokes that were made..
I want my bed right now I don't want be in chemistry lab 😣
Ask your pendulum if you and your mate knew each other during one or more of your past lives.
20th Ann. Season Premiere tonight at The Times Center in NYC honoring We've come a long way from 1992!
So many nerds in one room. A dangerous thing.
wasn't it good? Fun to watch...
Of course :)
To the world you might just be one person, but to one person you might be the world :)
Thanks! We're SO glad you like it. : )
Go hard by all means
Even Though I Feel Like Caca, I Wanna Wish Everyone A Good Morning! 😊☀
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Love & Basketball ( :
same here, 36 more days til I see you guys again. <3 I'm thinking about taking you some Sriracha. Yeah?
Yobrio turns magazines into shopping carts. Take a picture of something in a magazine and instantly be able to buy it.
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special & showing her respect
Everything ends at a time
Amazing weekend. Seriously, amazing.
+1 RT : "Hashtags are metadata for your tweets." Or, librarians explaining twitter to other librarians.
Our fried pickles are pretty amazing... Thanks for being a fan!
The Pythagorean Theorem unit in math is surprisingly easy!
perhaps just a watch with no wager.
Love that the Miz is hosting this reunion
Friday. Too much to do.
also, who's the brunette?
if not , I'll send you 💰💰 for your birthday
"I AM Attracting Unlimited Abundance & Prosperity into my Life" -Wayne Dyer #Affirmation " (Rephrased from )
Shooting on the genesis - heavier than DSLR for sure.
LOL TRUST ME I do:) Im the same way that's why I always give The writer who quote's I use.
teen wolf is getting intense..
nope. Jake Thrupp Followed and tweeted me nbd
To make the fast easier Stewie decided to roll around in poop.
i turn on the tv and obama is there....
. you guys kick ass! Best screamer in Metal! Best band in Metal!
"if you come home to NJ, I'll buy you the Tory Burch shoes of your dreams." #mombribes (cc )
Seventh heaven! Game 7 sunday morning at 10 am on abc!
Remember Marvel comics character "The Thing"? He was an original member of the Fantastic Four with a rock-hard, orange exterior.
Flying up to Silicon Valley to meet some new peeps at the Daily Journal Top IP Litigators party.
can someone plz tell him to quit his shit?....cause sadly i don't have the damn balls!
Man I feel so much better just got the cough everything else is good I think sleeping from 12-10 was good for me long time since I did that!
They're obviously going to give it a shot.
Stomach ache:/ its bad
when/where is Wordpress?
well either SupperClub or Drai's is the spot... sometime is there haha
bhahahahhahha I'm still cracking up at the random person
Downloaded 231 rock lullabies for HERO. Some are actually pretty good.
Aj Ellis with his 2nd RBI single of the night, giving the #Dodgers a 4-1 lead over the
hello there pretty lady :D
"Um, I was told I could listen to Pandora from 3-4pm if it is at a reasonable level.
Hi from Stockholm!
On my come back shit! They say I never went no where! They will see when I get back!
My mamma's sushi is the best 😍
Tonight! , Mechanical Kids & Challenger @ The Loft. Music starts at 7!
#RIP Steve Jobs
Oh man tri-tip sandwiches from Firestone in SLO - so good! So stuffed!
thoughts on a social media topic college journalists should tackle? I'm looking for ideas for assignments for my class.
I will be on at 5pm CENTRAL to discuss Health Reform, all the good it's doing for millions, and the
RT : damn!! I'm trynna get this single ready«Ok. They need to hear from you.
YEEEAAAAH EFFICIENT CONSUMPTION OF FOOD
If you are a #localbiz in #ABQ come tell others about what you do - support local, thrive ABQ
I am a master of my words until they come out of my mouth.
I don't think any of them are outright bad persay...they just lack flavor.
If make one more Tweet about food ima scream !
great read on the little track runner. Thanks!
I'll add it to my schedule and hope for the best. Thanks for including me.
Boy, the thunder gods are banging on the drums tonight!
Just beat my old work high score on Time Pilot by 120,000… Yay for Friday video game sessions at work.
The biggest killers of success are Impatience and Greed. Counter them both with Gratitude. Especially today.
Mayor's PSq stakeholder update happening today at 4pm at ING. See you there!
NO PROBLEM :)
Pedro's error costs the Bucs a run. To the Bottom of 4... 3-1 Pirates.
Congrats to Phyllis Rathbun, MI Humanities Council, who won a year of service from Mail Dog at the conference. YAY!
#InSchoolTheresAlways a teacher who is dumber than the kids...
Just got stabbed by a hobo but it's all good I think I'm gonna make it haha J/K
# FF Thanks for following!
Watching the Mary Mary premiere show!!
:) you survived!
how did this become Unexpected Expenses Month? Dog surgery, Heat Pump repair, TV dead, rear bike tire flat. Ugh.
Don't envy for what people have and you don't. You have something they don't have. .....Wilson Kanadi
RT : Thx for inviting us to the 3rd annual babyshower event! & giving us the opportunity 2 share the gift of reading
Cause i kno he gotta leave nd go make dat money!!! :( :)
Nothing tastes better on a cold Portland day than a warm cuppa joe....EXCEPT for a nice winter beer this evening! I <3 the NW!
Ok WIIROC family, we need you to keep supporting and the Divine Records Movement! Follow them and keep in the loop!
Firefly #restaurant awesome!
thnx for the follow!:]
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
You know it's love when it hurts soo badly to see them with another.
#Giro Peloton now passing Villa S. Faustino, off road about 400m; road signs pointing left. The visitor won't whiz by like them, I hope.
A good PR plan requires a good marketing plan first.
I'm stating the obvious, but playlists, cute shoes and coffee make everything better.
Ravens NEED better pass rush!! WTF is wrong??
Leadership - The real leader has no need to lead-- he is content to point the way.
I'm going to be setting up a jam session in 2 weeks for all my jazz brothers..
oh thats what I get for being nosy lol
Today we did word association, when he said Justin Bieber my kids said "life changing"
Special Sunday! Hope everyone has had a happy weekend. I've been packing for the Big Move.
If I had a dollar for every time I said "Lady Gaga"......I could buy Lady Gaga.
Good tunes on the way tonight. Check out “Premium Jazz.” at wfsk.org. 7-9pm central. 8-10pm eastern.
More Ford Workers Overwhelmingly Reject Pact
Right back at ya , thanks for the love
never say never! Because you don't know maybe you'll catch his eye I see it in the prospective as if it's what god wants then
I've heard mixed things about soy, good and bad. Can't avoid it with tofu but I've switched to almond milk.
Kid Cudi literally makes the most chill music, hes such a good rapper<3
me too...and trying to get ready and brush one's hair is really a chore.
if thats the release date that will be a busy time for me.....but i sent you a DM...we can work something out
Thanks for mentioning! I didn't know that about you either. Will commence studying your work. ;-)
Feeling like crum today....wasn't looking forward to cooking dinner...open the freezer to spot a pizza! YAY for couponing & stocking up! :)
I love everything about California it's a state that has allowed my dreams to flourish!:)
Soo I aint got no socks for practice today --_______--
Ok watching American idol from wed-on TiVo. Jlo says somebody to love by zeppelin WTF it's whole lotta love then Randy says al green what?
Media Decoder Blog: Nielsen Reports a Decline in Television Viewing
finding out someone you knew committed suicide is not the coolest thing... it leaves a crater... is why I don't think I could ever do it.
good news, i will be home friday. i'm going on saturday with my family but i'm definitely down to go friday night too.
Did the music panel happen already? If not, when is it?
bro what you been up to?
He'll hypnotize you, he'll read your mind & THEN he'll do a cool card trick. It's Joshua Seth at One Union Recording with engineer Matt Z!
I'm looking forward to my first 2nd Saturday living in Midtown. Hope it goes well!
It's tough being the best! If it was easy, anyone could do it! All of us at MarineMax are professionals at what we do in every department!
:( Evette is coming home for her bday which is the 19 we goin out.... You here?
ugh fine i dont want it anymore ! :(
I've always loved him. He's just too good on the field to not appreciate him. As long as he's not spitting on people.
Thx 4 doing both! :) RT : Lovely morning with Meta House. Now back out to the Farm to finish set up for Date With A Plate!
I do not eat peeps. They are much too sweet for my taste. "The more you know"
A rough 1/2 inn for Pedroia. Either play (corralling the flip or throwing to Gonzalez) could have ended the inning
yes girl you might surprise yourself!
andd thats what i have as your contact name in my phone!...lol swear (K.O)
I am currently writing a script for Drake. Sometimes, I don't even know how I got here.
yes but december grads still go to the ceremony.... :S lol
This is the home stretch, guys! You're almost there! Don't eat! Don't sleep! [kidding, please eat & sleep].
good,u
Chris Stewart has the Danny Mccoy hair-style
of course :) we need to hangout tomorrow!!
double standards <<<
C'mon 'Best of Chill Out Hits' work your magic...
Cause-marketing success: provides customers/employees an opp to join them in giving, support causes impt to customers.
Context? And I totally agree with RT : Proud big brother. My baby bro's got some stones.
yes! I love Chrome, but it crashes often - esp with lots of tabs open. So also use FF and Opera w/ some stuff in Chrome. :P
they were great! It's crazy how many good songs they have now. Hit after hit after hit.
Looking forward to "How To Innovate" on Sunday!
Shawarma. Genius. If you've seen #Avengers, you know what I mean.
My apologies
. It's horrifying how many countries produce things that support modern Western life, but are governed by medieval minds.
we already got back :(
I know, right? M ice cream ;) Maybe later tonight U can come over n hang out. I need to get SOME work done,,,I'll ask Van
Bio-waste company opens office in Research Park
just got my permit!
That's good. And no problem. ^.^ Anything new with you guys? (;
Nothing encourages white guys to dance like being a tourist.
There's nothing worse than a classless woman talking about class. Classy women don't fight, throw bottles, etc. Get outta here w/ that!
So happy stopped by to try the Meggafowl! Thanks dudes!
bret, its a pot smokers holiday! The highest there was, the highest there is, the highest there ever will be!
Grits w/Danish blue cheese for lunch while I work on my dissertation. Prob not what Mitt Romney has in mind when he thinks of "cheesy grits"
5403540003 just call me for the hell of it.
hahaha this girl
rumor is she's performing in Clearwater next week...the hubster works in hospitality industry...I am innocent!!
next home game tomorrow Feb. 4 against Orlando!
Till I Collapse
We want to wish everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
I'm watching the #Caps game w/ , talking about why you are too cool to come to
Oy. I don't think I've made any of those yet today. Just cranky. And my hair is being dumb. And I'm tired.
Kicked off today's show with "Southern Lights"... NP feat Esperanza Spalding "Freesia"
First day of this college semester... I registered for a class at 8:pm thinking it was at 8:am....
Didn't get any voodoo doughnuts today...just means I need to go back into the city more often!
Let's Skype. Anyone. I'll tell you jokes or show you my six pack or something.
lol it's generally the same as everyone else's... 5 fingers attached to a palm
....did not sleep well last night. Probably not a good idea to start the work day with a cup of cozy chamomile herbal tea....z...
#Twi2012 #predict 2012 votes Greece out of the Euro...
welcome!! Have. A safe journey and enjoy yourselves in our fabulous city.
hey! Thanks so much for following!
StubHub changed everything
damage that Paul Wesley dont have one account twitter ..
So happy to be done with the online training. Longest 11 hours ever spent on the Internet
@ Hospital for Sick Children for ANC 5A mtg. Thank you Comm. Timothy Thomas for hosting.
take off your halo
Fuck bars with dress codes
I see that you're breakin, your heart is breakin. Here's my hand if you'll take it. We can make it out.
Hi Chef, just back in town and wondering if you're planning on killing any snakehead on the menu? I'm working on a roundup.
She was meowing very loudly. People heard it and came to get me.
youre also asian so that doesnt count...
Hey Tweeps: So, on Google +....how do you refer to the people that follow you or recommend a page...Plussers? + 1ers?
RT : I want to live on whatever amazing, soul-filled, beautiful planet Adele is from. I'm pretty sure it's not this one
Simple solution for getting #Limbaugh off the air: Don't tune in, and don't buy from his remaining advertisers. Rush who?
When will you notice me? Iloveyou so much! I had a bad day and to know you love me would help alot! Iloveyou kendizzle!
#IfICouldIWould Drop out of school and become a rapper and/or a dope dealer
Check out the postings on the bands Facebook page from the people that were there. It was not good.
it's not my fault i had pneumonia...and im skating tuesday
that was a little awkward to watch, wasn't it?
WooHoo! Close to 10 people coming to our first brainstorming pizza meeting! Dominica and St. Lucia won't know what hit 'em :-D
You're silly where is Jaleel
One day I want to be as cool as True life.
Eli time...
Hollande: I want some German taxpayer money. Merkel: No way in hell. Hollande: …
Is there a woman who has believed in you and loved you unconditionally? (I bet a few.) Give it in return today.
Menu tasting tonight done. Ready to open tomorrow for dinner!!
Thank you for the follow
“People travel to faraway places to watch, in fascination, the kind of people they ignore at home.” – Dagobert D. Runes
a black/pattern/freeze detect would be glorious
What up tweople! Good Monday what&#39;s poppin ?
I'm devastated....shaking...stress out.....falling apart..but trying so much to hold all of it in until school is over....
you seem more like an anarchist,than an Independent.
searching for a #PLANT MANAGER candidate w/ #FROZEN #FOOD and/or #CANNING experience.
it was good looks like all the players are in place now looking forward to the next episode.
Same. RT : dear insomnia, i don't have time for you... please go away
good deal
great images! Let us know when you post the rest!
Who is on Pottermore? My name is RoseHex25593. Interesting....
Happy Good Friday everybody!!!
I'll check it out
Everybody likes a compliment -Abraham Lincoln
The mixtape sounds good with great production value. You should be proud!
Wish I had access to my dad's corvette right about now. Picture perfect day to go cruising around LV.
I don't know. I'm of the mind that a Diablo-styled Silent Hill *might* be fun.
nahh im goin monday morning but I read up on it and its bruised saying it takes 1-2 weeks to heal
lol we got into some things what a summer lol! We should do Tampa or Orlando!
gas bombs n arrests #opd oakland ca its just lunch time dam
I did some minor ajustments on my "Squire" active 5.it is a great sounding and playing "soul machine"
Im so glad that is heading over to the UK to get to see some UK fans!! You guys deserve to meet her too! :{P
Finance Conference at AFM. Blah blah blah. How unenlightening.
no worries - it was a schedule conflict that changed the line-up, and yes will be a good one! Your support is so appreciated!
I'm still very happy with mine. But then, I carry a backpack, so the size isn't an issue.
Hi Mick. Nice "meeting" you too. Feel free to email me - for visa advice. Thanks!
Just heard the good news! So happy for you!
On the prowl for an internship? Work for me + ! Must be A) Awesome. B) Receiving school credit.
April Fools!
We might need to buy some of those for a budget meeting ceremony haha
STL to DC to NYC with class, now home in PHL! Things to make transition to internship easier? Today's tour on the rooftops of !
I always liked that part myself too.
I wouldn't bring gay marriage up to this SCOTUS.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly" - RFK
definitely didn't see that... hahah
Finished the taxes, and think I will put the refund in savings. How many are saving their refunds???
You're moving again?
They've put up a giant #menorah in place of
Happy new year everyone!!
Who is willing to die for art?!
If only my entire life could play out to the score of THREE COLORS: RED
plese help stop kony watch the video kony2012 he has to be captured hes taking kids and making the inti soldiers to kill
Another missed opportunity for the Crew, have to strike for more than 1 that inning.
Phillip baby please dont go! :(
i think i'm gonna go take a nap..
what were you supposed to get?
probably a t shirt version.
Time to grab some coffee with
#Chargers draft DE Melvin Ingram with the 18th pick in the
Can't wait, F-Poo!
RT : RT The call number is just an address
Thank you & for a great event tonight!
3rd time's the charm. Sharks vs. Blackhawks Friday at 5pm - Listen live on KFOX
Skating New York Today<3
Fingers crossed re: tomatoes. I planted a very early variety in some pots last week. Should be ready post-Lisbon trip.
Great point about Elway firing his 1st arena league coach. I thought about that the other day too & your post gave more details
P.S. It's the 11th in 16 min
Final went from 8am-10am. I finished it in 40 minutes. I shouldve slept in for an extra hour.
It's a dogfight between and game tied at 1 in the 3rd! Hard hitting hockey!
spent a good 4-5 hours in the sun and 92 degree heat working on a deck tryin to make a buck, now its off to work from 830pm-5am.
Pray for Annie and Hunter. She's driving him to children's hospital. Croup.
LGA...I'm tired
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
My parents want to go for Indian food today. Chinese yesterday. Italian tomorrow...
I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ (JFK International Airport, at Van Wyck Expy, Queens) w/ 25 others
Thank you For liking us Susan! The NorthStar Team! Uri and Sacha
only bitch niggas ride in limos
I believe both of those outlets were invited to the original tour weeks ago...not sure if they were there yesterday.
Glad to know you like my music! hope you like my next songs as well!
Lush Confections will be at the Beer & Food Truck Rally, May 19th! Come on out to St. Pete and get your fix. :-)
Faith Confers Divinity On Humanity!
DJ just wedged in for eagle :)
Bottled water is the second most popular #beverage in the #United #States! Can You Guess The FIRST?
Awww. So we shall still never meet!! :) Mysterious!
Keep calm, eat a carrot, & protest with Jimmy.
Jennifer's body
Morning, have a wonderful day!
The soul of a chef can be found in their ability to prepare the simple things.
Looks like the fire is out at Calyspo in Leucadia. I can see someone on roof with flashlight checking things out. Lot of red blinking lights
Xmen 1st Class is awesome!! Great story!!
Be obedient.
Thanks for having me - Hicham and the team are wonderful! I hope I can come back for a brunch review! cc:
Find me this weekend at The Writers Studio booth
Thnx, that was our Sister Mrs. Beasley. She was always a character. We miss her very much & that photo always makes us smile!
what is happening yo
I am hungry for some Jamaican food. Hungry Joes on La Brea
Cats fed. Meeting with #JWs this PM. Recordkeeping this AM.
Damn ball & chain!
Yes, please do - very interested to hear a review of it
so I just watched the Michael Moore interview. Moore was so eloquent, but your Nicholas Ballasy made a rather calculated report
I know for some people I may sound crazy but I always thought you were the next MJ. You're amazingly talented. love you.
This LMFAO song on #idol is str8 garbage! Any idiot can make it in music these days
Our market just started 20 minutes ago in Sherman Oaks! Please stop by and check out our amazing vendors!
I'm not sure it will actually be the case. Enough interest in low consumption architectures will drive innovation.
Thanks for #FF, and here's one right back to you
hahahaha meet in the foodcourt lilly told me to tell you
#AskRomney When Gov of Massachusetts U were pretty much absent from the State the last 2 years of your term. Where the hell were you?
See the Weeping Meadow DVD for Angelopoulos telling the story of how Tarkovsky introduced him to Tonino Guerra.
In San Antonio were lives!!!! EXCITED!!!! :D
A community manager's work is never done - & sometimes I love that! People advocate every day; it's nice to share in that with them :)
How connect dots among schools, postsecondary, workforce system, employers? Darnieder - process in San Antonio led to Cafe College
Just bought my prom dress. More excited than ever. I'm going to shock all you mofos.
This old bitch at work just told me to turn down my radio *side looks crazy bitch* um I forsee that answer as a NO..
I had just moved to Utah from another state. The population of this area had increased greatly causing traffic to be a problem. I was so ...
Duo Albergue Number one in Spain!
THE LOS ANGELES RIPPER IS JUST ABOUT WRAPPED!!!
Can you please help spread the word about IU Student United Way?!?!
You still want to go to Death Cab? We'd need to get tix.
When the dude called Ariana "Victoria Grande", she laughed it off. When jennette leaked Ari's #, Ari called fans for an hr…always positive♥
dream last night: a bat latched on to my face, between my eyes. when i pulled it off the skin was missing, revealing a silver metal skull.
White jersey
Wisdom is ageless as is foolishness.
at home
The #Eye Chart and 20/20 Vision via @ All About Vision
The Indians win another series! Great game!
???? Don't understand
But, there seems to be a level of panic and worry among librarians which means that these resources aren't being found.
lol 😘 why not
From what I saw it should have 98.
Flipped on radio to DJ gossiping about Taylor Swift & Tim Tebow dating
Booths Bay, ME with my whole family!! Can't wait :-D
: work work work !
I need to not see these things about other boys Allie 😨😲 lol
Oh Here we are again. Current call time... 26:45
Who do you think got the best pick in the draft last night?
Oh. I luv it! Will have to check that out.
I caved and just ordered pizza romano...thought you'd appreciate my guilty indulgence :)
"Grant, I don't mean to be a douche bag, but tell me you're the lead singer of a Stray Cats cover band?" - Auto Shop Guy.
Peter Gabriel, you are such a well deserved show off.
What do you want to know?
BRRRRR it's cold outside, so come to the B for one of our delectable BURGERS!
Cabin in the Woods (2012): This twisty Cthulhu-ish romp plays with horror and genre tropes deftly. It lives up to the hype. 4.2567 out of 5.
The only certainty about #fantasyfootball I can offer is Dorsey Levins is not inline to take carries away from Grant or Starks.
I guess i had my hopes up too high with you :| </3
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. --George Burns.
Scott is Mr. Digital.
"Unicorn Fart" because I'm just as likely to get that on my Droid 2 Global as Ice Cream Sandwich.
Um this american horror story show is ridiculous on so many levels
#jerseyshore needs to be on more than once a week!
Fun fact: American Apparel shirts are way cheaper than microfiber cloths for cleaning your touchscreen phone or tablet.
making soup and putting winter sheets on...
I remember feeling rain drops sitting in stands for last couple innings of Kerry Wood's 20-strikeout game. #Cub reporter/cubreporter
This week's DVD Giveaway will be a pre-order for the Coen's TRUE GRIT, out on DVD June 7 so check back Friday for our t-shirt contest
the pleasure is all mine. Thanks!
We’ll be launching our 5 for $5 Campaign in 20 days. Just like Uncle Sam, we need YOU!! Stay tuned
A punk rock poet and a classically trained cellist? Contemporary ballet choreographed to Kid Cudi? 'Speaking of...' October 1st.
5k was excellent.
metropark is horrible
okay, will do!
my unicorns name is Jeff. it's cotton candy colored;) I'm gonna ride my unicorn to ur house 🐎
Me too. Of course, I'll have to make time to see it around all the video gaming I plan to do this weekend while the kids are away.
Most days I feel alienated by men, and also the lack of real feminist decision-making amongst men in my community, but OTOH...
Latest project #NoorKhan was #WW2 British OSE agent served as radio operator in occupied France later captured & killed at
I LOVE "We Are Conquerors"! London 2012 Olympics? 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil?
Bourbon Chicken is up next...you MUST try one. So, so good...
so yall aren't coming down tonight?
I wish I could just tell you how I feel,but It probobly doesn't matter anymore :(
Ya body x Audio Push
Honestly if you havent heard music. U my friend are a dumbass.
I'm watching it right now!!
Only in times of great duress MT I think you meant seems not to be the kind of place that serves ...
Just woke up
are you guys closed today? I've been calling for several hours... Phones down?
cool it's cold in the D!!
I miss nip/tuck
especially when we need strikers
What's good, bruh?
And Liam. A smart girl's dynamic duo.
Follow her She is
Love is the reason for it all.
I await your review. I've worked with Eddie and Cliff Curtis (great guy), so I wouldn't mind supporting the film.
People would sell their souls to the devil 4 a dollar,they need 2 leave that man alone,he's been through enough..
RT : i have to say that we have an incredible back line and Jimmy made some huge saves this week between the two games
Can't wait till tomorrow!
Yikes. How many times did you call my old desk phone? I'm not there :)
I am Julee White's friend. THANK YOU!!!
makes me kiss him :)
WHATEVER WORKS BRO.
and Sarah McMullen: reuniting kiddies with their parents at Disneyland since 2012
Wait!?! Apparently Raven Symone is a lesbian.. I never would've guessed.
and and umm I love to txt and make friends
we are missing how to use SEO to increase traffic and google ranking.
Every day I just keep falling for more and more <3
Only game 1
yea give me a min though im eatin lol
Meditating...find a peaceful place... Getting in the right frame of mind for an office party at bosses house
Please DO! :) RT : I just might join !
RT: Not strange. This night the power of Allah o Akbar and Down With Dictator and Mousavi is at least tripled!
Imani: "Speaking of phone books..."
Hope Your V-Day was awesome!
man fuck that nigga! And I say that with my chest!
#LIVEUNITED: aspirations from our community: end isolation, close achievement gap, get equal access to services
and yes, that was a drunk tweet. Lol.
Someone told me to kill myself, swallow pills and then...get this...glass! Haha what the hell
What an amazing reward.... Congratulations and bon voyage!
sperms melt rite thru ur skin , i heard... I would wear some gloves if i were u lmfao
The door to your car is open and its raining, lolz so you know
Hi Jamie It's your dad this is my new Attorney directory twitter account
follow me.,
I don't slur my words when I drink. I'm talking in cursive.
You got my vote! Easy to use and understand, accessible and interesting.
ah i was veryy hapy to see you Friday love =)
That is awesome! I'm going Acela one way -- but is the outlet deal for the regular train too?
Y'all don't know what I've been through this week....shoot in the last 24hrs smh
you're probably already checking the weather but don't worry, those projected rain showers shall be gone from the forecast by Sat
Ahh I Want To Make My Own Clothing Line ! .
could be! it's the time of year when the undercoat comes off. undercoat is often white.
beers after work at Sherlocks are never a bad thing. ;)
I think my granddad finds his secret ways of calling me fat.. he go's, "Hey, how about you take your little cousin walking.." wait what?
Action is the real measure of intelligence. Napoleon Hill
Count me in for help with a SE #thatcamp. I sent a message to about it as well.
Same! And that's great to hear! (:
Hey girl. I'm the big giraffe on campus. HMU. RT : I love giraffes!
are still better than whisperers.
hey, I like that!
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY styles is sexy
Remember you are loved by God. Keep him close to you always.
Learning its lessons is almost impossible
Thanks for the response!
Well, school tomorrow... No comment.
LOL..I really can't believe her
Followers . Virginia is mad COOL & AWESOME .
Wonderful weekend with Could not be more blessed with wonderful friends
Dyed my hair,
Shut up! Did I just hear thunder? Could it actually be about to rain? Naw...it couldn't be....
Disappointed on how today is going
When I have to fight the urge of thinking about you <<<
Of the 3 main CRE lenders (banks, CMBS & life companies), life companies were the only group that resumed normal lending patterns in '11
shut up. we don't go to sunset anymore so forgive us for not remembering the bell schedule :p
that's even worse though lol.
now we've got to get you on here more often. I need your help!
I'm sick over the death of #ShannonStone #Texas #Rangers fan who fell to his death in front of his young son. I wish I could hug his wife.
Had forgotten how much I hate Jason Kidd---c'mon OKC Thunder!!
I don't gonna lie... this is intimidating!!!
You go, girl! RT : Phenomenally productive day! Booking gigs, getting guarantees, songs coming out in California & loving life!
I miss my binky :'(
Licence time?? wow finally...
Hey Linz, I just saw this!!
"Walking out of an all-girls dorm on Saturday morning. TFM."
i share a birthday with ashton kutcher. same year, too. :)
Love that I run into at all my commercial auditions. Don't mind starting my day with her adorbleness!!
follow plz, thank u... well gudnite twitter people:D
Woohoo! Capacitor was under warranty. A/C is back in service. Dani and I will celebrate tonight!
excited to see you too :)
Now offering $0 upfront cost for Google First Page Placement. You don't pay a dime until you are on the first page!
I'm going to pass out in like two seconds, sick & tired.
yea id rather just keep it g lol
yes...that will do
then why does Colin Cowherd still have a show?
Reading The Power of Habit - quite profound. Need to re-work some habit loops in my life... maybe like, um, not doing THIS b4 I get 2 work.
Let it rain!
Lebron James is on!!(:
Just 10 more mins of work an I'm outro
Happy birthday!
how do you get lucky with these cool neighbors. I don't even know my neighbors.
Oh PDX you fickle beast, sun in the morning, then a flash downpour at lunch, and now the sun is fighting its way back.
I was called Hitler in elementary
We're a couple days early, but welcome to #Indy, #Comfortech! Hope you enjoy your stay!
Got off work early for once! Lol
Facebook is starting to look like Myspace 1.0
Line Em up!!
At the airport catching a flight to Charlotte for the VMUG tomorrow. You haven't registered yet?? goo.gl/jOtnA
Check it out! New cutting edge gear from New shorts coming soon! Best hoops gear on the market and keeps getting better!
You too Ashley :)
Make the money, dont let the money make you.
I'm mad but I can't remember why ..
WILL U POST PICTURESS??? **im.wasting.away</3**
next step? Smh... Seasons almost over
Hello agents at Ted Kurland. Anybody have any extra time to dedicate to a promising artist on the rise?
For the love of God, can we finally get some new maps for Battlefield 1943?!
Still in need of a part time cook Call or stop in if interested. $10 - $12 per hour based on experience. 414-271-7546
Yeah keep on running your mouth. See where it gets you.
": Going out RT : what you got going for Cinco De Mayo"going to Gotti
Hey , did you know the Global Pickup Artist conference is in #DC and this local will speak
: first thing this morning was finishing paper, then driving to class. Unusual morning.
Take time to be observant of changes in your children (elementary, middle, high school, & college). They always need your love and support:)
Today I am walking from to Tribune Towers starting at 10:30 it is 8.3 miles gonna be interesting first time I am a little sore
10% Off any electrical service when you mention you found us on Twitter. (Up to $150.00 off. Expires 02-15-10).
cut it lengthwise, add some masala spices and salt, and you've got yourself a truly awesome snack! Learned that in India
I've been eyeing an iPad since the first one. Might be time. I'd do the in-app purchase thing if it was useful. Must try first!
There MAY be 10 front offices in the NFL that really know what they are doing when it comes to talent evaluation!!
- heck yea! Cant wait!
But the Maybelline can't hurt, right...? ::coughs::
Love Penelope's dress, but not her hair :-(
I'm working for cause im such a nice person
One day the people Who doubted me will look back and say We doubted Him and Doubted he Would make it. But we forgot to Check his❤
Canadian justice system dropped the ball big time letting this piece of shit out of jail in 2 years
YOU KNOW WHO!
Thanks for the tip on innovation!
"Dennis, how come you're using two caddies today?" "My wife tells me that I don't spend enough time with my kids."
Tell me what it is that you plan to do w/your one wild&precious life. A ship is safe in port but that is not what ships are for-Mary Oliver
Thank you for the tweets on my Mosaic of Learning Styles post!
Talk about timing! But it was poor management, a tentative board, and a lack of vision that took down Sushi.
but I AM TOTALLY GEEKED TO SEE kids killing kids. Not in real life. Just in the hunger games.
Too late.
Hey little sista! =) You are WAY smarter than most 10 year olds! You're an old (and generous) soul. Love ya! xoxo
50cent wings start now...come get em! Starts 8pm...could win lots of Stubby's bucks!
It's crazy all the emotions forgotten in a year
literally craving another tattoo...I know where part of my first paycheck is going
Thanks so much for the kind words about my presentation at the DFW Conference. It was a pleasure to meet you!
could you please tweet more? i'm in the mood to laugh but already gone through ur recent tweets 12 times ;D
yup I was cryin I'm laughin at u who tries to spit on some one shah I was walkin with Levi lmao and laughin t ur dumb ass !
women think with they cat sometimes lol
Well my day has already been made!:)
When my mom brushes my hair for me>>
I do it for the RATCHEDS!!!!
Today is my birthday yay!!!!!!
me too! Hooray for summer! Nice having the windows open all the time. In mid-March. :)
Congratulations, Lobos for a great season. Sweet 16 next year?
is it okay to ask how small businesses promote CSR? Or is Q&A at the end?
Hans Olson is playing at Fatso's Pizza tonight from 6-9pm.
What if.. Austin called you, and asked if you wanted to be his valentine.
You're welcome! Good luck on finals! RT : Thanks for the snacks, :)
“When your life is in God’s hands every day is your best day.” ~Roy Lessin’s
" invented hey guys"
Morn'in!!!
Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs leading early in the 2nd half 40-24.
Up playing angry birds space .........y lol
o, are your writing a book, JoAnn?!? exciting!
Keena Young was better than Perkins though.
as long as you keep your head down on the way in, you should be fine. Have fun!
WhyTF won't my computer connect to the free public wifi at LAX? What is this little gameboy-looking icon in my connection strength? #?
I'll bring you some!! It was orgasmic! 😍 lol
no cause I get off at 330. Yes cause I miss sleeping in.
Hip Hip Hooray! Its Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Day! What a great day for the refreshing frozen treat! Hurry or yours will melt.
I'm forming a Synth-Pop duo ala Erasure called HISTRIONIC, and at every live show my partner will throw a tantrum and insist he's quitting.
Damn it's been 6months...smh
Thanks girl! You comin' out for CMAFest?
My life is my message.
The poker tournament takes place TODAY at 7:15pm in 145B SU...$15 Entry Fee...Play for your chance to win an XBOX 360!!!
Oh surprise, traffic while going through Tacoma on I-5.
Creepy but cool, hope you use all of it!
Shout out to aunt jemima. Love you girl
Literally saw this puddgy guy with a tripple X tat on the back of his neck... Wow... SMH.. Yaa... Lolz
Thanks for the mention, Del! And fun to see you getting in some great tweets! :)
Watching film
Thanks to for securing me a room to do a video con call in the middle
What up Nix!
- do you know the dates for your spring show yet?
Can't sleep idk what it is sometimes I wish I had a text buddy
Saltalamacchia's HR means there's only one team left with 0 HR from its catchers this year. That would be Joe Mauer's
Sunday LOL: "The problem with fundamentalists is that 99% of them give the rest a bad name."
dont cry D: if you cry i cry love D':
Excited to have Dr. Michael Greger join as a speaker for #HHH2012. Can't wait for all the you'll share with us!
MARCUS!!!!! please people!! let him win
RT : I don't trust words, I trust actions."
Where is Crazy Joe's? I looked for it two weeks ago when I was in Oconomowoc.
RT Kobe Bryant gets up after banging his head because he's not a - you know.
US markets ride on Europe; their markets gyrate on prospects for banks. All ears to rumors of new multi-trillion$ European leveraging up.
4 minutes till i leave school, yes
teachers union prez claims that "majority of parents dont support petition"- fascinating, since 70% of parents signed it. #really?
Wondering what people are doing this weekend....
: The best part of the #BlackBerry Innovation Forum was seeing the live demo of #PlayBook 2.0 and Balance.
Bubba played his way back in
might need to push it back a bit later. Have my driving test p.s this is not a typo :(
Woah woah woah. Did somebody say Chick-fil-A Sandwhich? It's College Night time!
I got mind control over tylir
Much more to come on Vox after the official announcement from Georgetown, expected at the beginning of this week.
It just got real!!
really??!! What kind of sorcery is that?!
Can't wait to start work as Movement Director for #LAThtr company AthroughZ Productions' upcoming 'Down in the face of God'!
Paparazzi outside my building, so I posed, but I didn't see any flashes? Probably because it's sunny out, right?
Cleaning my woman cave (; and Jammin to my boy !!! Do me a favor and play ride by ciara!!! Thanks (:
will u follow me please
saturday night, or sunday afternoon... drive or chill, starbucks and laughter and heart to heart and all that best friend stuff?
:D aw you called me cutie!!
You too Dan! Kick some Martial Arts Ass!
at my grandparents house
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift, that's why they call it the present...
Why not head to the B and watch the O's take on the Red Sox with a delicious burger or one of our Honey Graham milkshakes!
I Hate Mondays is trending, so True! Today was full of epic annoyances, disasters & disappointment. The weekend is just around the corner!
Hey everyone. Follow Angels & Airwaves:
Great day at West Point yesterday. So good to be able to contribute to the training of America's next military leaders in a fun way.
great view! Can't wait to visit for
if u have jasmine lester- harrold as a friend she can add me a friend at
want your bad romance ☮ ☮
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil a drunk person is eating dog food off a human bowl sitti on the kitchen counter next to all the bbq
brooklyn flea this morning, then listening to transference and taking bus home at 4:30pm
classes ended Tuesday but finals are over this coming Tuesday!
haha, wish they still had em there but now it's an extra excuse to head to vegas
lol nah you good...it's other people
Hey computer virus, I have a surprise for you!
my mom loved new song turn to you. she was trying to learn it. she thought it was so sweet that jb wrote a song for his mama!!
My point being we've been teaching the same loving principles for, oh, 2000 years...and I ignore those who are hurtful
Macau...I never heard of that country.
the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.-- Thomas Szasz
found a nice stash! Scored about 5#, but ran out of time & had no bag. Best part is its a new stash.
....but it will eventually be necessary to avoid paralysis.
At $199, it's the everyman's tablet. I picked it over the iPad for that very reason.
Hot DIY assembly action. ie "Ikea fieldtrip day" for the Reno Collective.
“: glory be ta Gawd” lol Lawd u are wired up. Bless the first class stewardess! She gonna put something in it drink
That satisfying feeling when you plan out your LAST 16 units of college...
thanks love! Now we need a baby soon!! :)
Shhhhhsh. We're trying to listen to Apple. “:I swear, the entire world shuts down for Apple these days.”
It was awesome! Can't wait for the next show
WOW! What a night!
Lost in cyberspace for awhile, working on my site. Domestic chores need catching up. So many interesting things to do-not enough time!
Celebrities, Movie Stars, Reality TV Show Stars, Industry Greats, Musicians, Super Star Producers, everyone messes with TKO! tkoentatl.com
Don't hold onto the past, the future will bring happiness ♥ .
Texas fans: make up your mind. You can't steal the UT logo and the Power T logo.
seriously I can see you. Stop throwing pens at me.
Hahaha. Yeah I am! Leaving soon. Save me a couple spots if possible!
Dr appt went well my baby is healthy and so am I, please god don't let me get Stretch marks!!!
Rey Ramsey refers to the basement. #oe11. Small beginnings, big idea and great night!
Oilers can kiss my Culo js there lucky these games dont count or i would be going ape shiz on them.
I'm not sure that counts as an incentive, really...
O yessir! thats what I like to hear Ima be back in may I need a show !
Me to :D RT : I love that show!
Sex sex sex sex text text text text
Apparently I didn't "pause" long enough at a red light.... LA has decided to charge me hundreds for making a rt on red. Really?
Blogging Content Ideas: Write a 'How To post': Walkthroughs, tutorials and 'How To' posts tend to do well.
We have insurance with a deductible.
Nikita Khrushchev~ Bombs do not choose. They will hit everything.
My mom thought she was doing me a disservice by giving me cash for my bday. bazinga! 2 gun encyclopedias, my fav batman comics and spawn ...
why don't u play ?
My parents dressed me so ugly when I was little. When I have a baby they're always gonna look cute!
Writing for a 1st reading I have later today #NothingLikeTheLastMinute #writing #shortfilm :)
gotta Brotha slappin his forehead again,but I thank you ;-)
The race car competition will begin soon. Come by and see the different types and guess who will be the fastest!
"meet and greet"more of a sit and clap. My kid is disappointed, it was def not sold that way when deciding to buy season tix
haha yeah me too! :)
coffee-chocolate ALWAYS a safe bet. Well, come to think of it cupcakes are a safe bet. Just sayin'
Did u run that past Goldman Sachs?
MODA designers premier collections at MODA Presents: ‘The Color Theory’
Vigil as the Supreme Court hears arguments in the case of Arizona’s controversial anti-immigrant law, SB 1070. Apr 25. SF City Hall. 11am
U know ur in oklahoma when u see place to rent a cow. LOL
had a good run-in w/ & his spreadsheets in soma. when are we all getting together for beers? cc/
When the Spirit is moving you it often doesn't make sense because it's a process that unfolds over time...trust and faith are your friends!
Disagree. Browns scraping the bottom of AFC North as always.
hey idk who all is going to Madonna but LET'S GET A ROOM AT TE RITZ FOR THAT NIGHT !!!!
I enjoy when my parents make me stay in for the night, i do a whole bunch of productive stuff!
Then this show - why DO I listen to The Takeaway on NPR? - tells me how much Daniel Moynihan cared about Black people.
Fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed. —-Michael Pritchard
So I been shooting for almost 3 weeks now. I think its starting to catch with me. 12 hour days are no joke.
thanks lina. I do now! looks great! RT Do you know about ?
I wonder if the Jonas brothers are as douchy as their eyebrows make them seem.
Aw // RT "You are the kind of person that makes us feel there's a reason to become your fan! :)"
I have not wooed you
thanks for the #follow!
Young simba been a lion since the start
WANTED: Partners in crime/crime-fighting for the April28 5k & July21 5k. Who's in?
ayoo good luck! I'll be there all summer taking classes so I'm sure I'll see ya!
Ok weather. You can cut out the snowing now
Congratulations Fredo, I knew you would be a Star realtor when I first met you in La Jolla...so proud of you, Keep it up! :-)
In December, eating frittata.
52 degrees and no #snow in #Chicago on Jan. 6?!.. does not compute, but we are enjoying it to the fullest!
But in regard to that earlier tweet, I'm convinced this is a great thing!
just booked flights and an Amtrack train ticket. summer, here I come...only after I survive finals :X
Las Vegas screening is tomorrow! Saturday 10 a.m. at LV Film Fest at LV Hilton. We know its early - just stay up all night and sleep after.
I cant go a single day without atleast one person pissing me off
with straight hair♥ >>
I may not know where I'm going babe.I may not know what I need.1 thang!1thangz for certain baby!I know what I want!N DATS TA PLEAZE YA BAE
#Brewers have a brutal lineup
oh, dirty!
Dam I Love Cheetos
Is it weird that that makes me think of the "Lord of the Rings" films?
I don't lose any advantages by being friends with you
Because seriously, #wat?
mum bought me a cup of oreos
Mariano Rivera...switched attention to become mechanic; baseball as hobby, scouts 1st saw him playing SS, he pitched due to player shortage
I used 2 believe that we had a professional class of politicians, debating important issues in intelligent and respectful ways, not anymore!
Call it what you want!
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen<3 Love this movie
I hate receipt memory triggers. Personal professional fail minefield
no you dont. you say bad kitty to bamm bamm
Sexy Can I haha
Happy Valentine's Day! :)
See me in The Barber of Seville, 6/26& 6/28 At the Riviera Theater in NT sung in English and Italian -Nickle City Opera Production
yeah same here , lol that's not exactly a place you run into somebody on ur TL . Haha , were you asvab testing?
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The miserable have no other medicine But only hope.
Thank GOD for all the amazing roles for women Game Of Thrones has given us!
OMG! My Nieces BF. Have to know context to understand. She is like family .......... I'm embarrassed.
Those Dancers on The Emerald City Sequence was KILLIN!!!!!!
true that.
Here were the penalty shot takers for A&M in order: Allie Bailey, Annie Kunz, Meghan Streight, Rachel Lenz, and Merritt Mathias. All scored.
No its still the same.. But honestly my phone has been tripn I sometimes don't get text or phone calls so don't trip.
A good dose of motivation today
I do too many drugs to remember!
Nah, saying the "DMV" makes it all street & urban-cool.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry
If I told you my secret would you swear to keep it~
Trying all the ways to not feel like Death anymore and none of them are working so I guess I'm Dead now what up y'all
Toss me a heavy rope, it's a slippery slope. Come bail me out of this God-forsaken precipice...
Was that the original Catholics vs. Convicts game?
Ok, NO ONE prepared me for the level of grossness in 127 Hours. Can't stop gagging. How does he not bleed out??!
Damn now im wondering am I a good person?
For videographers with impeccable style try Films Nouveau. www.vimeo.com/19495227 Find them on Facebook as well!
I love our catch up dates. I can't quit you.
Seal of approval? MT : Now that I've had my pre-run beers and meatloaf I'm ready to f____ up this night.
Kevin Love is legit! Dude is leading the league in scoring. Real MVP candidate. Hard work pays off!!!
Where tf do all these people come from ??smh...
Merry Christmas from our family to yours! May your day be filledwith cheer!
wait. That's where you guys went when you left? I know the owners..
That is a tax on soft drinks etc.
read tha name bitch its real yung sweet jones jr.
When a passenger says "nice landing " yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
what you gonna do ?
We often look so long at the door that is closed we do not see the one that is open- download- InSpotter app
They always arguing ova money . Shakana need to chill tf out tho . . . She ghetto as Hell !
Working a a new version of the Breakthrough Creativity Profile, with a deadline on Friday. Will get back to you after that! thx
So jealous! Skied there three days ago and it was patchy and icy.
#APAformatting, I'd almost prefer listening to an entire #Nickelback and #Creed setlist than deal with you.
I believe God
I got 90 friends on Facebook, 38 are pending. LOL Ethan Tremblay too funny!
True. Your world isn't the only world. RT": Just because youre a liar or only know liars doesn't mean everyone else does it."
I am beyond ready to be on the plane heading to the French Quarter Festival with #Whoo!
Roy Hibbert big ass shook the stadium when he dove for that ball lmao
Join us for this fascinating lecture about the battle to reclaim stolen artworks for the rightful heirs!
Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Plum Bliss :)
shit that was a low blow. Damn.
Time to dig out from 4" snow. Will enjoy a cup of organogold green tea after. It gives a good energy boost!
Going home and going to bed!
T3: With innovations in web design, I wouldn't be shocked if provider websites somehow "absorb" social media sites in future
Florida 06 & 07 #CBS16 back-to-back with same starting lineup sick how good they were
: thank you and how are you ?
Content trapped forever in your CMS is the new content trapped in your CD-ROM.
Sitting inside an office surrounded by windows is a cruel way to spend this gorgeous first day of spring. Enjoy it for me.
Appalachian Granny at Acme Hotdogs! Pie Addicts Anonymous mtg Sat., 3/24, 1-3 pm. Stop in for lunch & fun! Order take home pies in advance!
hope you've had a good day!
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Development Programs for Lead Product, GCS-100
Our pleasure! See you there!
Shawty is the s s s sugar honey icedteaaaa
Ruby Rails vs PHP...Thoughts??
Romo's hand looks like the kielbasa my parents served on Christmas.
good luck moving. You moving within LA?
Been watching Rebecca on Blu-ray. It was like a window to Hitch's future.
Nice treat to hear on the Bucks game tonight. Monta Ellis enjoyed the return as well.
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY! PAY RESPECT TO YOUR MADUKES!!
Animal show airing in 30 minutes www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief about illegal smuggling and transporting of animals check it out
I "tweeted" once yesterday. Once. And all I really did was just retweet
I laughed so hard I could not breathe, I just accepted the fact that am gonna die.
Thanks for the follow!
At the end of the day, having a "cringely" on the panel tossing some hardballs will make the teams better. Cons & Pros.
#Bears gettin the ball on the 3 yard line.... Tune in this should be interesting!!
Doing some Business Law research. It's giving me high school flashbacks. :(
Relaxing and reviewing, finishing up some packing, some quick errands and a Central Park walk before rehearsal. Sounds good to me!
Yeah, I got that! Observation is great and honorable. Snark has its moments, too. Superstition, never.
RT : We put the libations into the librarians! Hope you enjoyed #txla12 we did! thank's for your wonderful hospitality!
Madonna- Give it to BOHH
Got my drank on RT : Killing bottles of wine with a few girls, no glasses, pass the bottle. Haha
I than OD on that Odd Future album since it came out
Mike!!! You are here! Can u connect on Monday or Tuesday starting a new project in gramercy will be in the city
Get your sexy back!! Weight loss and fitness over 50 is setting you up for health, the rest of you life!
Join your State Rep Pershing Inn, for El Paso fornication night! Free body shots off of your State Rep if you take a yard sign home
#things that i need = my family and dogs
I need to get some high waisted shorts....
I loved that line!
we restore homes after flood damage, so we're more than ready to handle your boat upholstery cleaning needs. 866-970-2532
Sure! Wish I had more to share now
dinner/lunch this week? What's your schedule?
Before Obama American mind set - "Get rich or die trying" The Obama Today Mind Set - "Get rich or claim benefits"
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my boyfriend; I ♥ my family...off to bed long day @ work gonna go see my babe tomorrow night
Thin "lifeless" tone?...try some flatwounds on your bass,they are old school "voodoo" ask somebody!
Shooting with today for a new #JBCreative project.
Thanks to for retweeting the NHL league! #Props!
Its them GunShots Singing In The Wind At Night. So I Sing With Them.
just tried it last week it was very good & cheap!!
LMAO, what a crazy last few minutes of the half. I bet you guys are having a blast!
I'm still hoping the grizzlies beat the Clippers, just so my pick for the series ain't wrong. Lol.
Isn't all you are looking for is a moment of extreme clarity, peace, and focus with a really good feeling?
Awesome time in Middlebury with and the Mokaad crew...we done did it YO
congrats!!! Where did your brother graduate from?
thank you!!(:
Goodnight all! Happy April Fools Day. :)
Police have person in custody related to bomb threats @ university of Pitt. X prof who sent paranoid 150 pg. manifesto to current professors
Paula Reid is just mad because the secret service agents didn't ask her out. Hater.
Lovin how I can't do anything anymore
Oh, Ian, you are about to find out how classy... I am not.
Damn, just realized it's Thursday :s . This week went by TOO FAST..
the only bad thing was a 40 degree, windy, wet day @ Wrigley. We were prepared for cool, but that was pretty dang cold.
Dnt Get To Lying, Making Up Excuses &Shid
Wow, only 2 more days until episode 2 of Terrible People!!!
If only I knew a place to get good coffee...*light bulb* ...PORTOLA! RT : Make sure to finish this year off with great coffee.
wow you don't know where el rey is at. Shame on u
Techies Day - "COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key". Be sure to let your technological guru know how much you appreciate them!
#Fuck you Lucas ! I do not want you in my life more ... -_- I'm
i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died
Tom Brady! 4 Rings like Skip said! Go Skip!
Im just ready for today after school with my best friends. They take my mind off of everything.
the set, tech weekend, and getting ready for a HUGE opening week!!! Get your tickets now Los Angeles!!!
WTF would Minorities want with a Mitt unless playing baseball Catcher?
Yes! RT : Can't wait to read Magellan Media () study for #BISG on altered #metadata & how pubs can solve issue.
FYI, developing a virtual network to connect wholesale buyers with physical #foodhubs nationwide.
If you hadn't pointed your scars out I probably never would've noticed. You look great in all the stuff you try on 4 your Tweeps.
pleaaassse follow me !
negative. Manuel is the princess, you could go pick up a book though.
In right in the middle if downtown LA can see the X Games and the red carpet from my hotel. Pretty exciting place to be right now.
I FREAKING LOVE YOU!!!!
a fun and spontaneous day with Look out for the latest Getting Out of Morningside post on
I'm a gummy bear (:
:) lurrrrv you too!!!
Working on thesis and my mind is spinning on war metaphors
Just made her super secret and delicious chicken marsala. Jealous?
FYI... The sleep cycle app doesn't work when you're sharing a bed with someone. Obvi.
You have got to be kidding me! I believe now that the #Brewers do, in fact, suck.
for ridley: does the movie give many 'easter egg' nods toward Alien?
yea man i hear that
I know right! He should be on American idol or the voice or whatever other crazy singing competition is on tv now
I do!
Nice... Working on it...
hazel eyed people fall for people faster than another colored eyed person<3
The worlds youngest parents were 8 and 9 in china in 1910
I'ma go at 7, because I wanna try and be on the way to the hotel like 7:30 cause with all the pictures and shit we'll be late
Reply to this to enter the drawing for a free family admission pass to NW Family & Kids Festival from KUIK
RT : Infant immunization week: This year National Infant Immunization Week is from April 21-28. This annual observanc......
Its a new day people, wake up and live life to the fullest. Remember life is what you make it. Life ya dreams, keep it pushing!
def wouldnt sell welbeck just been fuckin up a lot lately. I do like him but his haircuts wank
So sad I'm gonna miss the Loft Tour! Will be out of town. :-(
G. Roger Denson: When the Personal Is Made Political: Left Political Art Timeline, 1980-1989
Hey, I think I might be a fan of that place too ;)
Damn you Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives... Why must you show me all these amazing food places that I can't go to???
Any states allowing iPhone marriage yet?
You played live and acoustic at our station in San Diego...was I impressed!
Although I liked the movie, not enough to get the book. Kinda spoil the nice visuals for me.
I'm looking for a highly skilled developer/engineer. Anyone know anyone qualified looking for work?
‘The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.’ -Albert Einstein
hahaha no I'm drinkin too! Sum of that whiskey :D
I love you guys. I mean this in the gayest way possible. Vjugffghjkbfdc....
I'm going to have a stroke.
Great run with SDR at Mission bay tonight. Tuesday night group is the best.
Tribute to #modern #dance pioneer, Loie Fuller 6pm tonight at LPA
Follow for the latest happenings in Davis Square
I think I'm getting tired of Twitter
She's the only person on this planet that's got your back no matter what.
No! The whole sporting world is watching this game...
I was skeptical, but you're right! Did 30 day shred this a.m. Only 20min but amazing cardio/weight/ab workout!
I Really enjoyed story! Very touching & Inspiring. I love how he credits his familia :) gr8 piece!
Our key to happiness is collaborating to sing beautiful music--from sublime masterpieces to groundbreaking, contemporary works.
if the Believe tour is sold out by the time i can get them tickets, Y'all can come swim in my pool of tears
on the west side i got
There's a bill pending to control rents of offices and stores. It's a very good bill, except that there's a nasty little joker in it. [1945]
-- great to have you join us. Where are you from?
#SHOUTOUT u seem real cool wassup
thanks for following :)
I realized yesterday that my two greatest influences have been Mr. Rogers & George Carlin. Both understood human nature fully.
what are you guys up to this weekend?
DHS has an "Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties" W.T.F.? Oh, they've made a Facebook page and want you to LIKE them. Double WTF.
Watched it. Always enjoy Piper's Pit but I kind of felt like you were too "nice." I miss the edginess. Overall 6.
on converting museum staffers to social media: "We need a lobbyist"
Going out for dinner =)
Did u come out this past Sunday?
Venue Spotlight: House of Sweden
Let's go Mavs
Im so sorry, I figured out what the problem was. I had to use another email with the cc problem, and i had forgotten. sorry!
We've got $3 Bloody Marys and Mimosas today until 3pm... Let's go Bears!!
Question for all of my little TwitTits: What's your favorite candy?
Psalm 11:7 For the LORD is righteous, he loves justice; the upright will see his face.
Jefferson 48 Toledo 39 with 6 mins to go in the game.
In Seattle, there certainly is!
Live tweeting from #AHA2012 session: "Law, Sexuality, and Community: Legal & Popular Understandings of Illicit Sex in 19th Century America"
#BocaGrande Fire Dept wins rib cookoff at #pioneer day Desoto County.
wats good bro
You got that right!<3
's your random @ joke of the day?!
Will fuck for OutsideLands ticket(s).
Football season is close RT Football Freaks: Big Ten media days are July 26-27 at Hyatt Regency McCormick Place in Chicago.
DO NOT DO DRUGS! and quit offering them to me.
considering you probably have to shave left-handed because of the # of innings you're throwing you might as well
RT : The first Bible to be published in America was in the language of the Algonquian Indians
I'm good (: how are you?
afternoon coffee, chocolate chip cake, handwritten notes, photographs
woahhhhh settle down sweetheart.:) i just asked how you were doing!
Any #USD students around?! Who wants some #mix1?
thank you! "What a beautiful store! Probably the best #ecommerce furniture store we've ever seen."
RT : Congrats and welcome to Dr. Stephen L. Ondra - new CMO at Northwestern Memorial Hospital
sounds like some shit I say
"Walk-On" was great! He painted very vivid pictures of life as a walk-on playing for two different coaches & playing w/ pros.
sorry I'm just seeing this. Our hours are Mon-Sat 12-10 and Sunday 12-8... come on in!
A special thanks to everyone who contributed time & effort to help Dance Is The Answer reach new territory, new audiences & new ideas!
Beauty fades
That moment when you sing Can't touch this' Then someone touches you.. NO! you just ruined it..
Watching the today's Yankee game. Had to record it since I wasn't going to be home. Thank god for DVR!!
This car tracks how many hours we drove... Since we left home 2 weeks ago, it says 91.4 hours of driving has happened.
Just saw a friend who's also a #guestofawedding this weekend. She's been following the #styledilemma and thanked me for sharing the fun.
Should have slept in this morning - sitting in common sense filled session and can't get out
Haha. I know it is weird ... Musicians. Haha.
what did you do?
Happy Friday!
10th in state(: not to bad! Haha my nerves got the best of me.. Haha
by1982.com is up & running in the new office! now is the time to get web & print marketing projects off the ground!
If you wanna follow back, tweet me now cuz I cant follow all of you, too lazy so tweet me! :D
welcome! It was a great article
Hello everybody.
I think I look at the Christian Louboutin website to depress myself.
im a notorious night owl that is why lol :) why are u Up?
« Scott Drewno wins DC!! Congrats!! #cochon555»
r u serious church lasted the whole day.i have 2 essay and have to practice. :(
is coming over for my birthday :) i'm so happy :D
so true!
It's always important to help a friend in need.
surprise ending!!!
I'm going on a walk right now. Here I go... Ciao bella!
that's why he loves you!
Nigga I will smoke your ass.lol
Sorry I missed the lovefest. It would be awesome if you could make it soon
I never knew that about coffee. I'm on my second cup now.
If you never ask you never receive. Can you help open a door for UNITY? A lead for support in Pittsburgh? Its time to GROW!
Anyone have advice regarding Vizio TVs? Yay or nay?
i wanna crowd surf onetime!!!!
I will NOT be supporting #homophobic producer TD #Jakes movie
If any of you bought 's Chris Wood DDS deal, you know he and Kathy are the sweetest folks in LJ. And they have an angelic dog!
so thankful for all i have
#HowToBeRejected only call me when you want to hook up.
8 mile is trending right now...I'm feeling a movie marathon and lots o'beer when I get back next weekend
this is like the 2758732th time this has happened to you . D:
Hindsight's blind and stuff....
I mean Phil has more majors than Tiger does, seems appropriate
"I like big butts AND I cannot lie." It sounds like Sir-Mix -A Lot is just stating random facts about himself.
Shoutout to for being on the today show and killing it
Wondering why Steve Jobs' perfectionism never reached the web store scalability team
RT! ": In two or three years I will definitely be outta this city."
RT : POTUS: "I've ordered every federal agency to eliminate rules that don't make sense."
Fitness Tip 47: Have a close friend to talk to!
back to work, and this day is pretty much a grind
I'm such a hipster, b.
I'm at That is all
Hello spring! Ready for the weekend....
Farewell, Baltimore...
“Butterflies are self propelled flowers.” R. H. Heinlein
I love working out to cheer music. It pumps me up!
#PictureLock. We're getting close to a final film.
I think I'm feeling a new ring tone<3(;
Looking for a hidden gem dinner place somewhere around Brattleboro, VT or Keene, NH....anyone?
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Paperwork time!
Loosing followers >:/
Some people are only in a relationship because they don't wanna be alone.
$1million to the first person that gets a shot of Bieber planking?
is your mom on Twitter?
better wrap it up, SKYRIM is coming!
very sad story on this dreary morning
When people get on my nerves I tend to get in a be alone mood RT : I see u didnt make it out last night
Just got in the car to head to Philly for #IBXrun10. Already have to pee...
Check out cupcake flavor of the week - KEY LIME! Vanilla cupcake with key lime cream cheese frosting! YUM! 41 W. 5th St
Lakers getting smashed. Knew it!
I did watch it. Horrible.
Wow Jeffery. t(-_-)t
Great Stuff !
i bet if he was doing something on the board and you started talking about some damn cookies he'd wanna kick yo ass lol
I wish she had a twitter!
Your welcome! :)
They gon be butt naked making me fruitista's n shit.
Well u dont know if there dating but um Chris?Taylor? Idk haha what is his name?!?!
thanks for being the crazy, funny, dorks you guys are. You all are my inspiration! <3
Thanks for making it out! RT : enjoyed yesterday's follow up session hosted by FCCU and led by Jim Dever from the...
#TeamLucca, having seen him perform before, I'm a bit biased. That and his mad talent. Although Jermaine is a powerhouse.
And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?
oh NOW you get back to me. lol! Wanna do tomorrow?
#Didyouknow that you could be getting 10% off at #Chicago Bagel Authority with a #GoLocal card? Ask about it next time you're in!
Yayy!! Justin has a twitter now
Happy mothers day mom your the best
Okayplayer.com. Or go to chris Dave twitter page
I think I'd be a lot more interested in Pinterest if it had something to do with Harold Pinter.
I saw a soccer team score more often in 5 minutes this morning than the White Sox have in two days.
every time i suspect there's a demon in the bedroom, it's just breathing
My boyfriend. Oh my god, can't even describe how he makes me feel.
when you're in love with a song so its on instant replay
Where we're Farieds teammates after Kobe hacked Faried? #WheresLaimbeer?
love u too khloe
RT : My heat is off for the winter. Off. I stubbornly refuse to turn it on again. It's SPRING! //how'd that go last night? :)
I'm looking forward to the at this weekend. How can you not love the island green, par 3 17th hole?
hell me, I'm dying
also please let us know how we can be a positive asset/attraction to north park!
it has to come out, soon!!
Sharing her experience of being in a car accident at age 18 through documentary-style theater allows her to connect w/ audience.
thanks& most def
by who??
Well, politics / economics. They're completely correlated anyway, most especially right now. And hell, why not philosophy too.
Accurate - World Series. When it mattered most. RT Inaccurate
I know I know that's why I'm just putting my nose to the books and getting it done. plus it's always 80+ here haha
Explore new places with your mate and you'll forge new memories.
That was a great story Jenna! Good job on it.
Listening to talk about big data and his experiences at reddit and Netflix.
An if u against me u better do yo best to stay tf out my way!
If I had a dick I'd be applauded and called a real man. But i'm a female, so the world calls me a bitch.
#BoonDockKingz if you dont already know, Google it.
Thank you for the follow, Jeanne!
Thank You Anna.
AH i miss you
I'm leavin tomorrow ASAP ): but I'm sure we'll see you over the summer!
So like why evils though
Registered finally and trying to cram the presentation into the template for Educause
Good morning 😁
My thoughts, my dreams, my passions,my desires, my loves...my choice
Hopefully I keep having days like yesterday
I need a nap 
In life as in dance: grace glides on blistered feet. -Alice Abrams
We got 6 trick or treaters tonight - it's a new record! Too far off the main drag, but it has its benefits (still have bowl full of candy)!
I really like
Can't wait for Brewers and Packers today!
Can't explain why your lovin makes me weak</3
#imweakfor my pandora!!!
countdown to vinny's ustream...3 minutes to go.
So.... um, is it still ok for me to be your girlfriend on Facebook?
Another hard day of work , Make sure you go pick up that album Now !
This cute girl just walked out of the bathroom but the fecal backdraft wouldve made hulk hogans mustache fall off.
Depressed. Heart broken. But Indy is a terrible place for the Super Bowl anyway.
Hey no problem. Meeting at 9:00 again. Got child care this time.
Sleeping in during exam season makes me wake up in panic mode
Always something fuckin up with the Carlow computers
why on earth do i need to be informed that the president got his lip busted open while playing basketball?thats not really my kind of gossip
tell Lisa to put hydrogen peroxide in her ears to help her cold...
RT": What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy"
Ay there's so many people that wanna see the lakers lose...man y'all eat a dick lol
What happened to ?he unfollowed & disappeared/suspended?/self absorbed? Dave,whats up?
the last time I tried was 2 years ago. then I saw one gif last week and figured I'd try to be animated.
oh yeah I forgot to tell you I'm not having a party anymore 😒 I'll tell you the chisme later but alright thank you 😚
I'm glad you and Judi are friends
I belong in Europe. Preferably the UK.
i dont do trash in my TL
I think if he doesn't notice me I might die I've liked him since god knows when and he doesn't know who I am
#RIPAngel<3 I rlly hope ur ok Austin! She will ALWAYS be with u.. In ur heart<3 just think of all the good times with her <333
Everybody showed love while I was in the hospital. I felt like royalty lol
If you don't write out the instructions for the gadget you're making in good and proper English, it is won't be built right.
Woke up at 8 ran four miles then went to gym now...... Shower!!!
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive…
Little Mermaid opens at the Scottish Rite on October 3rd, & Julius Caesar opens the same weekend at the Emily Ann. Come check them out! :)
setlist continued reckless and relentless, a prophecy,cowboy king, the final episode
RocLyfe Ent. artists Nerdtastic will be releasing their mixtape in late January..stay tuned
Rush gets Cipolloni to fly out to right, #UVA leaves the bases juiced. Still 2-0 Georgia Tech mid 3rd.
“: Let's re-write history I'm filling in the blanks”.
The Actor in a Leading Role Award goes to Jeff Bridges for his work in Crazy Heart
waking up early for work <<<<<
Haha! That's hilarious!
iphones getting full. gotta delete stuff 😔
Ha! He has too many songs mixed in one. This song is some trash
I said 25 not 5. And I said creative not techno bullshit so pitbulls 5 hits can go.
Sen. Tom Harkin: Fixing Economy Starts With Early #Education via
I'm so tired *wa*
When I kiss a guy I love it when he takes control...it makes me a little less nervous. c:
Just saw the spread for the game on Saturday is 40, yeah 40
going bowling ?? yeah ... my Friday night , ( :
get ready boys
WHY am I still at this place?
Make a great impression today - Do something unexpected for someone and start their week off right!
I can't seem to find Tiger Woods on the leader board at the Masters...oh never mind, had to scroll to the 4th page...meow!
thanks for the follow today Adam.
I kinda want to Sunday Funday but I kinda want to just lay in my bed... But what I need to do is study:(
Thank you, she seems fine today, it was weird, she'd puke then go eat then puke, a bulemic puppy? she hasn't done it today. :-)
No more shout outs? Last chance
After I read to the kids at Open Door tomorrow it's off to hear David Mathison at #Katonah Village Library at 10:30.
Her voice *did* sound way smokier! RT w/ all the Zou Bisou Bisou talk everyone forgot to mention Sally Draper's pack a day habit
hooray! I wish I had internet to listen to the rest of it.
Which jersey are the #Timbers wearing tonight?
Awesome! Thank you so much!
Morning! Preparing for another day @ work.
"When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves." - William Arthur Ward
RT : Congrats to Board President Annette Shapiro, who was chosen as one of KCET's Jewish Heritage Month local heroes:...
I love Austin Carter Mahone ♥
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her. And she just can't let go.❤
yes, responding with love is good advice. Do you have a tween?
Q:What do you do with percussionists that lose one of their drumsticks? A: Stick them up front of the group and tell them to wave their arms
time to buy an iPad
not done giving away stuff tonight...another deucebrand watch on deck...guess the # of pts clips/spurs will win by...RT example spurs by 12
Once again, Rajon Rondo, petrified of offense. #Ups&Downs
"It is better to be the lowest servant of the lowest servant on earth than king of all the dead," as Achilles put it.
sounds great. Loving the product so far. If it does come up on the timeline drop me a fyi please.
Judge expected to rule on Washington County Sheriff contempt issue late today.
Really hyper today, there's no way I can study with out my adderall
I feel like today will be a good day!!!
Thirsty Thursday
#NEU Grad Students, come to a focus group with about the Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies: 10:00 in 540 Holmes
Can't sleep
Since I made Advanced on the Literacy Exam.. I'm going to use up all of my absences :)
what kind of bf do you want?
no hahaha.. im #flattered that you're #honored :P
I hope they make a live action Iron Giant with a 50 ft. tall Vin Diesel.
have fun in Taiwan!
Watching Jeepers Creepers
was downloaded 1 million times in it's first 24 hours by Android users.
you're so clever
just remind me
Hitting the road again this weekend. Making our tour playlist now, which is currently heavy. Love those guys!
Sorry! I already gave them away.. I'll be giving away tix to each home game, so keep an eye out :)
Biscuits! Lol! Too funny! I would never have thought of that! :)
Catching from last week's Spring Break trip - had an amazing time in DC! Can't wait to return...kiddo LOVED IT!
The moment you realize you have a bunch Twitter updates that never sent from forever ago. #wtf -.-
& I play shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers....": Obama is a constitutional scholar,..."
hey beautiful ;-)
I don't say or do anything to please others.
come to the County! Maybe park outside a video game company...
You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there. ~ Yogi Berra
Come enjoy a cold beer on this nice sunny day in the U-District! $3 drafts, $2 domestic bottles, $3.50 imported/microbrews.
Whoohoo loving Mondays & seeing all these new followers! Thank you
If Blizz wasn't so busy making new pets to sell, they totally would've already developed a talent to reduce that CD /trollface
Pouring here on Madison's Southwest Side. Heading to Monroe -- where it's abundantly sunny -- for a softball game at 5 p.m.
water heater died. Three really cranky women in my house.
Sirens going off everywhere
Truly disappointed WI teacher union backed a candidate before all contenders were in the field. Feels wrong, shortsighted.
Getting ready to post a Financial Systems Analyst Consultant - mortgage industry position on Career Builder for Compugain Corporation
I really wanted to come to LA <3 but I will always love and support him no matter what ♥ #MahomieForLife (':
is a big fan of nuclear, but when things go badly... here's hoping they can avert another tragedy (or two)!
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on...
You sound amazing on #BOYFRIEND! Can't wait to see the video!
Nice man! Let's get there too.
had a good time with some chill people ☺
Thanks for expertise today.
Just learned about a program called Fresh Lifelines for Youth (FLY) while @ lunch by #irvine fdn!
i did this little thing called sleep for like 4 hours when i got home from work... sorry if anyone thought i fell off the planet..
factor the cost into your final product and do it via kickstarter.
Documentaries of whites calling Black people Ni**a/Ni**er,movies and real news reports.So WHY do Black people embrace the word?
G'night B!
wut are you looking for lease or exclusive?
i'm having a 1D house party!! Can't wait to watchi the tour Dvd!! :D
y am i tweeting about kansas? idk shit about it :-) thnx kansas for this tweet u ppl r awesome <3
Today is 63°F!!! Enjoy this weather while we've got it! Come join us for a #bike ride along the #ABQ #RioGrande river.
ok.(: i will. Maybe after lunch? Later tonight?(:
amen you tell him Mr. Booker.
We're excited you're excited to follow. :) We hope you can participate at some point.
fuck. pray for my mom/:
Thank you for your prayers!! besos
If sings, he should audition for our chorus. Go Cardinals!
Quote of the day believe that everything is possible an,that all problems are solvable
You! Help me what follow me and I say a follow you! This is true :/
Hey... what if it's a wheat penny? lol
Im so stupid.
Meeting at the factory, samples coming, working hard to please all the HOUSE guests
follow me on twitter follow me on twitter
Head down now to see our beautiful cinemascope print of '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
Indulging in an empanada and some Tampico! So yummy! ;)
lmfao i know i was being a smartass im fucking with u.
To be clear, we do not consider ourselves a "corporate sponsor" of Rush Limbaugh, nor any other show host on either side of the political de
This conference call is less painful with #xoom in hand. Ty ! =)
Indie singers and musicians have really opened up the music scene! Kudos to all of you for putting it all on the line!
listening to it now.
Remember your attitude is a mirror of your mind.
Im hungry.. fed me..
yes! Send us your thoughts so she can create one for you! :)
It's a lazy fan nickname. The equation of 'Name'+y (or ie)=nickname is so 2000 and late GoGo
yea but... mine got a nice pair of chimichanga's that im trying to #unearth. word to
I would lie and say that you're not on my mind
hold it down & stay true.
Went to walmart today and only spent $53 on groceries!!
oh u got jokes!
Omg # JustinandhisteaminBrazil , , could not be more excited my love!! Please answer me love youu
#salesforce announced a dedicated app store for governments today! We will be there.
She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene ah!
So I'm really sad that is coming to buffalo the one weekend I'm busy :/
...making Wordpress my bitch...
#Gators lead the #Wildcats at the half, 7-2. Today's combined game score already tops last night's record low of 9.
lol of course
lol all late but ...why didn't you invite me ):
i'm always horny but i luv a nasty show 2 get going in the am. what's your favorite time of day to get off to hot live webcam porn online?
Sudden craving for maraschino cherries... wtf?
feeling a bit hopeful indeed.
Get Well Soon!
Great friend and fundraiser for Many Lights Foundation last night in Freemont-Ballard neighborhood.
ugh. rough 2nd quarter.
oh yeah, i couldnt find u.
no doubt. ill see if i have the whole record zipped and I can shoot you the mp3s.
- thanks man!! Much appreciated. It's nice to finally be back
Here was my akward moment of the day..Today a lunch my Boy friend's Best friend sence 2d grade asked me out with my BF was right behind me!
follow me, i'll DM you
hasnt Cody been there before? Im from Washington. and then im sure you will see Cody eventually! :D and stupid NSYNC
good afternoon... :)
its almost 4 in the morning and im still up watching netflix
Do people not understand the word no or..
Kayla is going to be PISSED when she finds out I won this bet . (;
oh gosh..chem sucks/:
A certain time in a certain dimension deep in space
Storms coming thunder & lightening.....
took the jack3d today..OMG!!!
If there's a golf course in heaven, I hope it's like Augusta National. I just don't want an early tee time - Gary Player
is plotting her escape!
very true! Im seeing transformers 3
jeez make a big deal out it why dont ya?
Thank you to #Metro for participating in our silent auction!
walk into my house and see fat albert on tv
Wow, crazy to think that is twice the resolution of my first computer :).
"You Think You Know Everything, But You Don't know Anything"- The Plot In You
Food Eater's Dilemma happening now in Stamm Hall, with Camas Davis (Portland Meat Collective), Betty Izumi (PSU), & more!
oh right. And I have Creighton in the final 4....lol
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things, to compete.
Holy crap. Bogut gone? Monta Ellis in. Job security on the Bucks is not one of our strong suits. We shall see how this works.
Feeling great today!
Could see Fergie putting Valencia on for Jones and doubling up w/ Tony/Nani on the right. Seen it before.
Every week I give 2 Broke Girls a chance after HIMYM...and I never make it past the opening sequence.
$200 for referrals
Good luck tonight to win Dog Writer's Assn. Maxwell Medallion
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone <--- My everyday tweet from now on
i'm #AGirlThat would love to get noticed by but if not.. its okay (: ♥
No matter what phone I have no one can hear me --
can u say BI-POLAR. Lol
and thank you. happy Monday.
should we make it 3 for 3 this week?
are you fangirling?
Happy Halloween, everyone! Kids out trick-or-treating. Holding up the fort here. Getting quite a few goblins.
That Elliott Smith song always makes me cry.
I can't believe we're graduating in just a couple weeks. We made it, you guys, we made it! Class of 2012! WOOT WOOT
yea so weird!!!
Check out The Universal Negro Creed
RT Damn I'm Getting Old ..man in 30 how u think I feel lol
That term "red blooded American" is weird. As opposed to a green blooded one?
So what we learned from the #superbowl is that Tom Brady and Bill Belichick can't win without cheating
#SO #BadAss of the day! ": Also, 6:30am is a terrible time for prowling. Some of us are sleeping, asshole."
Jonathan Saenz with Liberty Institute and Dennis Coleman with Equality Texas are in our FOX 7 Studio and will debate about same sex marriage
Isn't it funny how the Reich wing's crusade to "save families" is actually tearing families apart?
last period LAW!!! LETS GO
Nothing is real.
S.Casper: "Inspired direction by me for #dareproject: talk faster, then slower. Thank God actors talented enough to compensate for director"
Yikes! when do you think the lake will freeze? I want to come ice fishing w/ !!
haha yeah ik , Oreoo right ? :) she's my best friend (twitter) :)
Zimmerman should have been arrested
“Students are loving it,” -says Erin Wyatt, teacher integrating 'Is It Night or Day?' into class at Highland Middle School Libertyville, IL.
Finally putting pen to paper and outlining my next project: A Thousand Words meets John Carter, w Sam Elliot playing protag, The Lorax.
your welcome <3!! oh i love your icon :D
Just got back from watching Chronicals, Journey 2, and GhostRider.
The day I meet & will be the most amazing Moment 4 Life :)
hey same here and I am loosing faith
I miss my husband, dogs, clothes, shoes, kitchen, culinary utensils.... To wit, my life. If I’m not home by next weekend, I’ll go insane.
Ah processing rates!!!!
OH "Finally. Someone in Germany is happy."
. discussing the disruptive & corrosive effect on community (not just the DH community) of the "hotness" of DH.
Debut of the new roller coaster at King's Island...a sneak peak today...plus fallout from the jackets first playoff game-join us this a-m!
RIP Jim Marshall, the mastermind behind Marshall amps.
Sweet dreams world!
Not necessarily deeper than I think. Celebrity is a hell of a drug.
Thanks for the mention.
It could happen!
My head is soon to fall off my neck..so tired 😱😲
TONIGHT: Jackson Katz will be speaking about "The Macho Paradox" in Devlin 008 at 6PM. A book signing will follow!!
#Kony2012 is blowing up on twitter.
not too worry though...we will have it for St. Paddy's again!
RT : #SAGITTARIUS are warm, affectionate, funny, and interesting people to just have a good time with. - Not when I'm starving.
Cristiano enters the arena and announces he is faster, stronger, richer and sexier than any other thing, ever. Probably right.
who do you think you are
On #timesucceed, says this movement will be successful if grassroots leaders make it happen.
Coconut oil is great as a supplement, but I just can't seem to enjoy anything I cook with it
“God is all Names and all forms.” ~ Sai Baba
2 months from today
Always play with , you will never pay for a drink again.
Make sure you follow some of our brokers who are active on Twitter -
Universities in Crisis: A Mediaeval Institution in the Twenty-first Century, eds. Neilsen and Gaffield
Chicago we are ready for you at our nightclub!!! Book your outing with us!!! AWESOME BOTTLE SPECIAL! Message us for the details!
Told my grandma I don't need a bed, I'm sleeping on the floor
Paddy () says, "Don't say stupid things in public." Word.
I wish <3
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
Happy B-Day Carlos Castillo, I miss you buddy...... Hope your having an amazing time..... love ya winnie boy lol:)
El Pastor Restaurant wishes everyone a Happy Turkey!! Make your New Year's Eve Reservations Now..973 589 2801
Hate me? I don't care, because you're not the first person who hated me and you're not going to be the last either
Just looking back at things makes me realize that I'm not who I was before and I think I like it. =]
Ha! The possibilities? They are endless. At least in my world.
because I feel like you would say something like this. Or you would be the knitter...
Busy morning at #acrl2011 ! Great to have Kevin Kidd from BC libraries hanging out at our booth 1019.
Chill out with us @ Miami Improv on Sunday. Tickets on sale at Fest @ Official Fest Booth. www.bobmarleymovent.com for more info.
hi:) how are you doing?
Do you need to lower the cost of office furniture installation and dis-assembly ? . Let Me help you achieve that goal. You buy the furnitur…
Got a great visit tonight from , true friends really make a night fun.
Weekend workshop San Francisco: January 16 - 17. All Level Actors are Welcome. Limited Space Available! Sign up now. www.actorsintensive.com
oh the #sweet #smell of #swagger at #karmaloop and #plndr with repcode MARYJANEEATER to save your wallet 20% oh shiiizzz.
Illinois thinks it's too good for Groce? Not all about W's and L's. Groce gets the most out of what he has - proof in NCAA tournament
At the CSPAN viewing party for "Founding Rivals" hosted by my friends Steven and Heather. Glad to watch the debut with good friends.
It's #Gameday baby!! There was no such thing as Saturday morning cartoons in my childhood. Raised on Football! Fight On Trojans!
- shall we put U down 2 attend Shoot To Cure event fri nite? 6pm Chargers Park. Current & fmr Bolts 2 attend.
RT : Video of brawl posted online shows airmen in uniform egging on a fight & participating too. The video at 10.
Wow if ur that petty to where you are worried if u use ur friends name when ur calling ur crush that is fucked up! Go get a life! Bitch!
Did you voice these? Awesome!
Virginia Wildlife official says "commercializing" sales of live animals of food leads to dwindling pop. Not true. Farming increases pop.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!✨
Night night
Wide awake from my nap which is good i got things to do....bout to.make these note cards for my presentation in the am
I love my dog.
There needs to be more sleep when you have a cold.
Going to the monet races woo hoo
you think these speeds are here to stay and an indicator of what might be to come on their LTE networks ?
not your roommate dude. But nice try...
Thanks for having us at your last opening--LOVED "On Moving" and very excited to see the new building!
From this week's print edition: In 2010, 36% of #Groupon's revenue came from outside North America. Last year, that number jumped to 59%.
My fav rule of reinvention #you must pick up the tools
Off to run a few errands before starting my first shift as their city desk reporter.
God, even I hate these douchy Phillies "fans."
I know how important it is, but amazing that only 13% and yet the effect it has
haha yes he did so did Kevin and two guys I don't know
iced in, but the heat from the i7 while compiling a new Android image keeps me warm.
Sisyphus' master keys!
Shout out to our newest tweeps!
This ppl gon tell me the day I gotta take the SAT but not the time I gotta be up there
Phone vibrates at home: Barely hear it. Phone vibrates at school: EARTHQUAKE.
Let's not yell at our scene partners unless it's called for.They can hear us.Speak as you normally would unless you're 1 of those whisperers
Tomorrow in Marana, AZ we will honor our 19 fallen brothers lost April 8, 2000 in a terrible V-22 Osprey crash.
you guys need to have a "new section" .. I'm obsessed with stalking your website to find out what's new!
I was greatly reassured im still a classy chick for what I do.
Good luck to Darla Harris tonight at WFC!
Offense is looking better - and how about that Bears D-line they are redicoulous! We are going to blow up the big easy! Glad Lach is back!
so right about Caroline..Vika only chance against Serena is 2 play longer points(she has the athleticism 2 do it). Pova(no)
u n gone leave me alone this Monday mornin
we are glad to have you at Reshape. We welcome anyone wanting to make huge changes in their lives, you can do it! ~RTN
Any wagers on who will have the 36 hole lead? We're going with the surging Rory, if he can get by that bugaboo 10th hole.
Thangs dun got way outta hand..
Just preemptively scolded the dog for things he's yet to do. He kinda gets it. Not at all.
How's everybody doing to today?:)
Night driving through Mississippi, fueled by gas station coffee and satellite broadcast from The Grand Ole Opry.
super excited for this weekend!
your dude tweet sounds like a great story - care to share?
no i didnt say it...:O
Another do nothing day for alg2. I guess.
I like to think I've never been the "I've got it all figured out" type. But I'm starting to feel like I got the gist of it.
GoodMorning :) dang is it early!!!
... and I went to school with the writer!
sup bruh:D
Nigga got sum fake True Blues on
Shabbat Shalom everyone. Have a great Labor Day Weekend.
Just dropped hannah off for her first day at Options, a homeschool enrichment school one day a week!
have fun with Joey!!!
i want it for the rest of the year!
If there is 1 thing not 2 go cheap on its ur food. Your body deserves the best fuel! “: Lita Yeah they really do be getting over”
What To Look For In An iPhone Ringtone Application ...
Peter Pan and Up The Down Staircase coming to the Athenaeum Theater www.yatkids.org
Agreed about the patience! Also now realize why i haven't joined tech sooner. Information Overload! I hope I will adapt :)
The odds aren't in your favor though.
Vanderbilt wins the hotter cheerleader competition. Well played Commodores!
I hate you! Uh
RT : The follow up event to the class that Ted Munat taught is 2night! Inner Chapter Books. 4-9. Tickets avail. Still....
Nebraska also showing strong interest in Jeremiah Jones of St. John's Military Academy's post-graduate program.
Ok so - G Road 15s 58. Team united 47. Win Big Shots Championship!
kissing grits can't be good for the lips.....
I just made my first live binder. Useful tool. I shared some great tech tools I learned at #tmky11 with folks today!
In 2010, Gov Walker beat Barrett by about 123,000 votes. Barrett says many voters have since apologized for not voting for him back then
I want to just say home and finish watching #Greek but I gotta go to work n deal with ignore ppl's attitudes
- If that's not Lebron, that's ok, Thats why you have D Wade <<<<< people don't get that THIS AIN"T CLEVELAND
Did Z-Bo call out CP3 for flopping? Is that why they were arguing at the line?
Congratulations to Serena Williams for her 500th career victory. Wow, that's a lot of wins!
This new girl is Talking to an ex marine about the wars he been in......omg
Alright, Captain!
Q: What is the easiest way to start reducing your waste? A: Buy products and food in minimal packaging
Gary Johnson, just saying. Ron Paul without the racist crazy.
Brain is reeling with ideas and excitement for #DowninthefaceofGod ...epic on so many levels, so much potential...rehearsals begin Tuesday..
this series has been INCREDIBLE #dearmyrtle! Thank you for hosting.
Me: Zeke, this is Twitter. Zeke: [tries to eat phone] Erin: Zeke, don't eat Twitter.
You immediately get 15% discount for LIFE on all our amazing, healing aloe vera products!
if you're doing the right thing you'll probably get a nasty letter, and that means you're on the right track
Did you hose off when you got there? I'd be a mess!
I encourage you to subscribe to my free email newsletter on the left to get the latest home business updates by email.Have a successful day!
That would be GREAT!
come to the lucky one premiere with me and sahra <3 <3
All it takes is just one kid to make me wanna rip out my ovaries right now
I am holding a hearing on the mayor’s Board of Social Work nominees
OMG! I woke up to following me!!!!(: My day is made!! #YEE!
so little time, so much to do!!! win win win!!!! :) www.cultuschichi.us
Put on your shades cuz I'll be dancing into flames...
Revenge tonight, doll.
Thanks for selling tickets in my name and not giving me the money for them. I appreciate your help.
I think there's such thing as a return policy.
do you know if they are using a different sight for the VIP ticket packages? Or if the time will just be pushed back?
had dinner with - among others - the nephew of Marc de Grazia at Pizzaiolo. He picked a wine he helped make & it was not crazy oaky.
The Beavers are overlooked because City Council never sees any support. Email the Mayor and tell him you care: .or.us
I sold my 16-0 Pats vs Giants stub outside the stadium for 5 dollars (dont regret it)
I keep finding illegal things in my room.. Hm.
RT : The difference between can and cannot are only three letters. Three letters that determine your life's direction.
no, just their baggy boxers.
ME TOO. Unneccesary. Non-accessible. Often tacky.
why is Oliver smilying
I got big headed real fast a few min ago smh
COME BACK
NEW CITY ART FAIR will have an opening reception from 5pm-9pm tonight! We're looking forward to seeing you all!!
is fabulous.
aww and 2 yrs i lived in illinois for 8 yrs b4 i moved here & i was born here b4 we moved to illinois wen i was 2 <3
#TheSexWasntGoodIf only you enjoying it.
thank you! Loving mommyhood & I know you are too!
I hate virtual school with all my my life
dreams money can buy
she is shy ya know/ “: Well, I didn't want to brag.”
The GOP agenda: 1-Seize power at all costs 2-protect their ultra rich backers. If attaining those goals destroy the country they don't care!
In honor of our #21 ranking in douchiest Chicago bars we are throwing a party $21 well, Dom drafts & bottles & our beloved tots 9-12 tonight
I don't remember NBC game commentary fawning over anyone but Giroux.
when do u get summer break.
OMG my hair
oh so you I followed me... That's cool I guess Ahahah
It is awesome that you are doing #skt15k. I know it will be a big hit. Great idea and keep up the great work!
They're all cool. Digging the jewelry, too.
Did some awesome editing for the END its coming along. I can't wait. with
Jocelyne - I'll wait 'till the movie comes out . Jennifer - It's gonna be a music video . Oh damn it was hilarious xD
We would be honored. Thank you.
When I go into panic mode, The Comforter calms me...The Master works better with a calm and focused follower :)
sorry to hear that :-(
Welcome to Atlanta. Moges from Ethiopia, Simon from Uganda, Mama Irene from Tanzania, Matilda & James from Kenya, & Dan in Morrocco.
self prescribed
I tell her that she the best but she say that aint enuff I'm tryin to be the greatest
When you're eating and find something crunchy and it turns out to be a hot spice that you vow to never crunch again. But then you forget....
Its so damn boring over here.
#sca2012 Any lessons out of Stanford reading room? Not much because little available. Interviewing users re experience w/ Creeley email.
Cuz I'm rad and cuz I'm now following u! RT : now following and I don't know why??? Anyway follow her
A history of gaming course (esp a home grown one) seems like it would go over well in the university, esp. with CS students etc.
RT : I still can't believe how amazing the Airtel Africa 3.75G network here in Tanzania is… I am not missing AT&T one bit…
"THERE'S A BAD AWFUL STINK COMMIN OFF THESE THINGS NOW... THE DOG'L BE NIPPING AT ME IN A BIT WITH THESE THINGS THE WAY THEY ARE!"
hey neighbor! so great to meet you today!! community meeting. april 21st. 10am. i'll bring treats. :-)
Anyone going to Comic Con? Say hello to me there, my Twitter friends!
mine can be better if you follow or rt me. (:
so full of cheese right now after visiting Farmstead ( ) with
How was "World's Greatest Dad?" If it sucked, tell me now, just pressed "play," and I really barely have the 2 hours to spare.
what up big dog?
REMINDER: Tonight's #revideo chat will be discussion on real estate video distribution strategy/tactics. Set your alarms to stun! 9pm EST.
chickpeas, lemon juice, water, garlic, garlic salt, black pepper, paprika to taste!
MT : Biden: best way to maintain U.S. security edge is to have the best educated students in the world.
Well, I haven't seen the alien regist images, but I don't see how you could go wrong with the Plott Hound.
I've been meaning to ask...Did anyone else see Antony & the Johnsons on Craig Ferguson the other night? Stunningly beautiful performance!
like the hat look a lot better than the day after thanksgiving scarf!
But why u so obsessed with me?
Track city bitch, track track city bitch, weave, weave, weave, weave, got extinsions bitch!
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Ok 20 seconds left Heat whatcha got
funny how some friends pop up when they need somethin
Showed 3yr old how s hydrometer works after she asked what it was. Not sure she cared after my explanation.
My girlfreinds father is Chris angels bodyguard 0_o dude he's EXTREMELY BUFF lol i dont wanna get on his bad side lmao
What is BASF stand for?
Alright, I'm registered!
ahomeforyourphone (stopphoneabuse) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
no response to my awesome picture? looks like i need your diet cokes afterall
April 6, 1974 - Yankees begin the first of two seasons at Shea Stadium as Yankee Stadium undergoes renovations.
There are times when you'll need someone...I will be by your side :)
Both casts (A Christmas Story and A Christmas Carol) are between shows right now at Kudzu. Story is at 7:00 and Carol is at 8:00.
Make it your number one goal to drink as much water as you can today
M: I'd take a taser shot!
Thanks Shan!! Just worried Youtube is blocked at school!:/ Ugh! We will def post pics!!
Yeah, I'm a heretic. Don't see the need for gen ed at university level if your K-12 system works. Shouldn't take 17 years to get basics.
Hello Monkers. Happy Opening Day day.
you good?
Indeed! Little-known fact, but yes - railfan seat indeed flips up.
That is unflappable no matter the situation. She rolls with the punches!!! Great job Nat!
I ain't no tailor but I know what suits me. - Popeye
"It's our neighbors going hungry. It's 'us' not 'them.'" Matt Habash on the
U R a dinosaur
it's not. some women don't know how to like sex.
i want #VictoriaGotti 's cheek bones. and connections.
they did not...sadface
If this kid pulls out one more lollipop
ya skin just got a matte finish and ya hair high gloss
As usual...You KILLED it at FBS man! I'm taking MASSIVE ACTION! I have 24 ppl signed up now, by May 11th I will have 60!
Here's what I find at - what are your favorite foods?
Still awake can't sleep
when are you coming to #SanFrancisco ???
holy crap you and vanessa have so many of the same mannerisms.
Comfortable in right field, Rios finds his groove at plate
Officially signed up for my first 10 miler! Let the training begin...once I buy warmer running pants
yea but she then suddenly became shy
I know I'm laughably late to the party, but…. is pretty damn awesome.
Super depressed whoops.
There's this girl here that wears a stuffed dragon hat on her head. Every. Single. Day. 😜
appreciate it. Enjoy your derby
I love all of Andreas Schnaas' films! Great gore director that never lets budget get in the way of big ideas!
Watching Adam-12 with my daddy!!
similar, but i secretly like comics so i'm not super mad. its like taking a sip of iced tea when you're expecting diet coke.
Sweet potato please RT : Q4 #FoodieChat What is your favorite kind of French Fry? Steak, Shoe String, Waffle, Crinkle or...
Sure you didn't misread the door sign?
Making a NEW mistake is better than repeating an OLD one..
Trader Joe's flaxseed chips + salsa = totally worth dealing with rush hour traffic
He just didn't understand that I had right of way. I'm sure he'll think about that as he wipes my handprints off his hood.
Tryna get my hair appointment scheduled. Hopefully thursday but if not then next week
now watching mainz vs. gaz metan medias! GO MAINZ!
Bike ride with the sister.
they won't whoop OKC they way they're playing.
Hockett: How do we recover from our current state? Needed a renewed focus on equality of opportunity
The new group of at might be my fave yet- creams and neutrals, raspberries and mints... love!
Today's gonna be a great one!
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
I DO THIS CUZ IM NICE NOTHIN ELSE
": "The miinority that is right will one day be the majority." William Jennings Bryan" Smart man
Y am i seeing the same ppl driving bak n forth down 29th st
Will try to make it happen soon!!!!!
So David got a job @ canteen tequila bar? woot!
hahah ugh that was an annoying project
Wait, what is this show about?
Don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine
Love hearing a Andre Riddick reference during the game. Loved that guy!
oh that comment. .udk him?
Beale street is pretty dead when its cold and tuesday
I proudly signed and am pushing this petition along in my sphere of influence. Let's keep it going!
#Happy23rdBirthdayRoyce ♥ happy birthday ♥😊
Yeah, sorry. I think we'd all like to forget her.
No1 appreciates their teams and players as much as Baylor does. Think about what happened on 10th street when the women won...
12 am Saturday august 20th you should be hearing "down" make sure your friends know!!!
I really need to learn NOT to listen to Uri Caine whilst studying.
That figures. Thanks for catching it.
teasing out leads, etc. Took down the most prized institution in her state with nothing but #truth Couldn't be happier she won (25 yrs old!)
Tweet Tweet Tweet Tweet<33333
I seriously want 's hair, body, and eyes. They're perf. no joke.
<---- Great 3D designer here! Thanks for the follow sir! Have a good weekend.
People who act hard , inside they just want 2 be loved
Sexually frustrated <
Gotcha! I was gonna recommend Hover, but I forgot you needed hosting too.
back to work, me still sick so do I stick the kids in front of the tv? Yes, but only PBS so don't call child services yet.
I'm thinking brinner tonight... cinnamon raisin french toast?! c'est possible
Lol how come?
Week 7! We're getting to the end of the quarter! Don't wait until the last second to start working on your final projects and papers.
much thanks!!!
I'm a big fan of yours! I see your training to be a pro wrestler, what do you currently do in terms of work?
Guy *😞 RT : Maybe someday a girl will realize how sweet, funny, and awesome I am and actually give me a damn chance.
RT : . just interrupted himself to say “my commercial is on TV, hey look at that.” REALLY.
If you see Peter Gazin. Turn right aroun and go the other way.
Good Morning World,How Are Yall Doing This Morning.
Irish Govt panicking, property slide=more bank devaluations =more troika money=must pass treaty= v. deep crisis loop
I'll be waiting with open arms boo RT : see you in 11 days tho
Just got my Hillsborough County SBA certification. Woot woot!! Bring on the projects!
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
Im hungry... Starving.. Cant grub like i used to tho but whatever.. As long as i feel better..
How do you encourage creative thinking within your organization?
happy birthday:)
FRIDAY - A troubling topic on American D.A.-LIVE today. CRIMES AGAINST THE ELDERLY. Listen on NEWS-TALK-590-WVLK AM at 9AM.
Fantastic. Thanks to the everyone.
":haha im workin on it. its a tough game" very very hard and you thought catching a bullet pass and getting smashed was hard
watching the same interview right now. Piers is the new KING of talk! Larry what? Larry who? It's piers bizitch
Thunder + lightning = the perfect weather to find my new job!
Anybody else up ? o.0
Miller with 2 really nice defensive plays. Defense wins championships!
I know I am.
you know what today is? Eagle-on-a-Perch-Friday!
“The chance to love and be loved exists no matter where you are.” - Oprah Happy Valentine's Day!
is down for me??
#ThatAggravatingMoment when the person in front of u doesn't use a BLINKER!!!!! And takes mad long to turn right!! Wth are to do hurry up
yeah. I'm pissed!
It's official: Fro yo for dinner.
Making deserts for fun love having food on hand and ready for the holidays .
Believe you can..... and YOU CAN!
dang language!!! Lol
Hey guys, is your contact sheet broken? I've been getting an error message from it for about 24 hours.
I'm always bending but never breaking.
but caring is sharing...
It can be stressful to try to perform at your best along with all other aspects of your life, set aside some time to relax!
Theres a baby possum on our back patio. What a creepy looking thing
Fatal Insane Performing live @ Club Pure Downtown Dallas April 14th.
What about last year?
In a Catch-22 of weird moods
Oatmeal raisin cookies upstairs are wicked good.
did you find out what chapters it was?
thanks for highlighting link bt #bikes & rail #transit we need seamless connections bt both to have a
I'm the man. Yes I said it. I'm the man. Don't you forget it
Hi Thanks again! Lots of good stuff to check out. :) -Benjamin
That moment when you hear a really catchy song and you can't help but want to bust out and start dancing. Haha story of my life!
Once again, Sumi shows she thinks she ran for office. But no, that's just her confusing activity with being an activist.
agreed, they actually made them cute/wearable!
absolutely! Saw him perform here shortly after moving to town. It was a life-altering moment for myself and my songwriting.
Skinny Fat Ass ahahahaha Lovin' it!
Man im so fucking hungry
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "Are you nervous?" ...what lmao
you lay by the one you love/the one who knows you/the things you do/when the night comes/don't be afraid/you're only dreaming
y do people think they know u from ur music?It moves them cuz we ALL feel those emotions.U just express them well.
I want to see DARREN HAIR!
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the Internet
This has been our best weekend ever and still going strong. Thanks
S/O To Melrose and Ridgeway for a super early prom. S/O to WHITEHAVEN for winning platnium prom !
came out of the shower.no one in the house.so im guesing im HOME ALONE
Beautiful day here. Enjoy your weekend and many thanks for following me:
my pun in the death session
My #fridayreads is #goodomens and the complete adventures of Sherlock Holmes Vol. 1
first unit in school will be over after today, feeling accomplished. eeeyeah!
Trying to make a paperkraft VF-1 skull fighter in gerwalk may not be happening, without directions
Doin homework and on twitter.
poor mommy!
F off snow, you will not take my car this time!
if you DM me and I don't ever reply. I'm sorry. I check them then forget them.
Thirsty Thursday...thank goodness you are here!
I hope I still have fingernails left by then.
Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.
I occasionally wonder if any regret lives in an all-caps shout of DAUGHTRY as the name of a brand, band and person.
Bboorreedd...with a headache...help?
is Bobby Abreu worth a pickup?
Last 11 copies of my Juliet Strauss biography available for sale during my visit to Rockville, IN, Thursday. Only took 14 years to sell out.
MY DREAM JOB IS TO BE THE NEXT HOST OF *YOUR NEW HOME* AND DRINK COFFEE ON TEEVEE
RT Maybe I'll just walk home. Lord knows I can use the exercise.
“: Live consistently for Christ. #Godfidence”
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
Hi Would You Please Help Me Get Tickets to Roger Waters The Wall at Wrigley Field, Chicago. !!!!! !!! I heart Pink Floyd!!!
do you like the song mercy by kanye westt
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide a7
which is why...
hey wifey! Why you haven't been home no groceries house dirty / clothes everywhere! This ur superstar bullshit!
I cant wait for the fight
What happens after this inning if Snyder gets hurt? Diaz is #3, right?
Omg i love u soo much. i remember meeting u (scream tour). u gave me the first hug and sang to me. made me smile ALL night :)
I mean Blue Sky of course, not Blur Sky
Lol.i need another follower so I can get to 100
Contemptuous, dishonest & who-knows-what-else ERIC HOLDER wants to sue SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO ??? GVMAFBRK.
Chet Haze will be performing with LMFAO at Central Michigan University on October! There is an expected attendance of over 10,000!
Safehouse for the novelty. Romans Pub or Burnhearts.
Current cruise sales: Comp. spa treatment + On Board Credit on select Royal Caribbean sailings; upgrades + OBC on Norwegian.
Story of my life!
I know dude I miss you a ton!!! 😔 bet your having fun back home tho:)
Counting the minutes until I get to eat some turtle cheesecake at The Cheesecake Factory tonight. #ilovefood #especiallycheesecake 😁😷
WMYB is number 1 on the top five songs of the day
but we play a small part in the relationship tho
Get out of AP test as soon as it starts pouring.
awww(': yeah I met them 2 months ago for 2 hours<3 I had SO much to tell them, but when I met them I forgot it all :'c
miss you
Thanks for the #FF!
Just dealt out a royal flush! What are those odds?
Eyenga, I feel your pain
I'm pretty indifferent on it. Seem to over-think things via slow, email drafts. Prefer in person for enjoyment; live/online 2nd.
i like that!
The power of a smartphone!! Lol
Happy Birthday to one of my most favorite people in the entire world - I love you! <3
I had sushi and soup
Damn it, damn it, damn it.
There goes the neighborhood! ;)
Going to go see the avengers.. can't wait..
#Bucks lost tonight to the #Pacers. So now they are down 2 & half games from making the #NBA playoffs with six left.
I wonder where Earl Simmons would be if while growing up he had the kind of emotional support + attention as Earl Sweatshirt
I have no clue what his deal is.maybe he's on something.
This weekend fucking sucked, but it ended great:) i love my best friends Ryli and Kayla:)
I find myself stuck in the middle of Texas' largest bike rally. I'll hunker down in the coffee shop until I can cross the street.
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” Henry Ford
"Remember your importance on those days that seem overwhelming & fruitless. Thank you for all your help, your direction...for being there."
RT : Asking "Does using a wiki improve learning?" is like asking "Does using a pencil improve writing?"
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity ~ Don Cupitt
"PATIENCE PAYS. There will even be days when you get a bonus & a raise." ...Keep a gentle tongue & a kind heart while waiting for payday! ;)
Guy at wienersnitchzel called me "little guy" . I'm thirteen fuck face
thanks for ruining it
Tonight is college night at Mo's Irish Pub! Head downtown for great deals and DJ entertainment!
Let's keep this up!
When you get ejected this late in the game and youre a bench player and you down by 30+..you supposed to suck it up...what did Ebanks prove
Geithner said today that "catastrophic risk must be taken off the table", but didn't offer to resign.
I hope the mother of my children doesn't end up being crazy smh
blame the brain
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value" -Albert Einstein
funny thing too.. I have to watch it when it's still light out and I'm not going to bed for awhile. Gives me nightmares lol
Burke with BurrelsLuce: Set SMART objectives: Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic, Timely.
hey so you're sorta kinda really super amazing (:
amazing. Some stuff kind of didn't make sense, but that's a cirque show.
Tsst idk...im pretty cool mann
that is a fine question!
LOL oh be quiet.
RT : OK SD- See u Tonight At Bareback Grill #TweetdriveSD Bring a toy to donate and get happy hour all night! #givebig 6-10
I may have to reschedule. I'm heading to Milwaukee that day. Hoping I can do the chat before. I will let you know when I know
This ain't love i think this lust, but i ain trippin on it LET'S FUCK !
I love you so much Dylan. <3
Baby Girl twist away, when your talking to me I cant breathe (:
. speaking up for
Love you on QVC last night!
I didn't even notice you had a new Twitter picture. Cutie!
lmao if u was a stalker I'll let y kno
sup guys im not a big fan of because of his music but i think its great that him and ja have the same friends now
Hungry? Eat at Joe's! Mobile truck downtown today! Beautiful day, beautiful (meat) balls.
thanks we are just trying to have some sort of raffle for the this young man to help
The average cat sleeps about 2/3 of the day
Yess I love it when the cops show up to my party uninvited.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
I got a kindle fire for Christmas
WORD! RT Listen, - U need to get 1 thing straight. =same team. No competition.
Thanks for the RT, Karen!
hey friend hope all is well with you!! Miss your tweets!!
RT "Diana Ross was phenomenal" Thanks for being here at the Louisville Palace tonight, Leigh! Awesome show!
I won't miss all the games he should have won but didn't! Life isn't "all about the money" as he was quoted
For all the less-than-positive things I've heard about Amazon lately, I just had the BEST customer service experience with them! Yay!
Thanks for your support, I love ya <3
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)))
Interior/exterior painting specialists call today for a free estimate.Why move when you can update the home you're in now?"We Love to Paint"
oh ok I thought u were
": "We never know the worth of water till the well is dry." -- English proverb" Let's see: gold standard, oil standard, WATER...
U GONE LEARN TODAY
It advances to a legitimate national championship game against the East or West regional champion. :-)
Hi Friends! Thank you to recent followers! So glad to connect with you on this Twitter-Rollercoaster :) Enjoy the Ride!! :D
like I haven't already
I'm telling all my writing friends to invest in Scrivener for Mac. The name generator alone is worth it :-)
....you beg to much... And it's fun making you suffer 😜
I'm so glad the snow wasn't bad today. A little extra sleep never hurts though. ;-)
Woops. Our email is . Shoot us a story about your fav trip to the stadium
Didn't wake up with breakfast in front of me.....how upsetting.....
I completely agree!!
Got casted! Excited for a new challenge and to push myself.
": Everytime I'm happy I get scared because it never lasts...."
In my opinion we are the best fanbase :) my idea is #ICONiaczarethebest lets get it to trend!
A standoff in St Paul where police are negotiating with a man in a car at Minnehaha and Desoto on the East side
I'm with ya! Just watched his hgtv'd, too! Nice design!!!
RT : Just heard Wilma Mankiller has passed away. An amazing women occupied Alcatraz in 1969; later chief of the Cherokee
texting a guy on the phone <3 he is pretty cute actually :)
• Whew voice of reason! Have 2 remind myself 2take a few deep breaths... I think it's cuz' it's the Cardinals.
Crawford redeems himself
Mahalo!! RT : if I could take it anywhere I would take it to and sleep on the beach!
Heading to Washington DC to get training for the new Drug Free Communities Initiative that we have planned for Milwaukee!
lol...it's the truth. Her nose didn't get big and she only gained weight in her belly. Some women aren't so lucky.
of course I do!;) laying on the floor... Wish u could too!;)
Man this shit is not funny
- wow, John, you over-deliver? Tell me more, as I am a very curious person.
Oh damn I thought I was going to miss the bus today, but I made it ☺
I cut off INCHES of my hair, and its still long af. Aye!
GM I like this one.... Had to RT my Capricorn Bro :)
welcome dude
you all are distracting Danny in Bio
welcome to Milwaukee!
Oh, I haven't cashed out yet.
*points to nearest drive-thru* lol RT I need 6 sliders and 6 things of chicken rings a large grape and a med fry
I'm starting to get a headache I'm ready to go home.
Drizzle & mist being reported near the coast. Mist being produced by the fog & low clouds. These murky skies should be gone by late AM.
Well get on up here and let's get to work then! (I was thinking we might get coffee and sketch robots.)
Intense game and a little respect for the Cats in the Pac 10. They looked great on national tv.
Hey Man...love your jazz blog...but checkout the comment I left on your article regarding Shearing media saturation...'NufSed.
Is there anything proven to help women NOT get PE and HELLP? LD Aspirin, vitamins, etc?
Following you! Already was. Are you at least watching the game?
It's a good one! Happy Mothers Day
Sorry co-workers...Subway with xtra onions for lunch. In other words, don't talk to me!
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all older member too thank you very much!
Can't stop, won't stop
LOL guess you told them Mario!
Hey, Amanda! Welcome to the 'hood.
would RT a billion freaking girls .. & not me -_____-
Who am I missing?
We have silos for information, and we are building research networks, we can help with planning, and rights advisors
is everything ok? Do you need me to call your mom? haha
Did he give any deets about the next album coming out?
Old! But me too. Os in an hour.
hey chica! Im doing really well. Paulina turns 4 on monday! Crazy huh? How are you, Eric and the boys? :-)
Rough loss Saturday night. Getting ready for the last two games of the season vs. Dayton. We are at the Ice Center Saturday for senior night
And now for a lunch & battery-charging break with #genealogy buddy Pat, who's here at #GenieFair2012 from California.
Check out the "events" tab on our facebook page for more details on the Left Coast Live music festival and make sure to click "attending!"
Just got home from my school choir concert :) I think we did pretty well. 
": #IfYouThinkAboutIt, nothing hurts more than seeing someone you love throwing their life away."
Tiny link to free trial below price list converts much better than large offer for Free Trial above all else.
The Lord gives me #power and #strength In Him I am trusting my all
But of course!
Greektown videos coming out this week
AHEM. RT Your hyphens were valid and clear
Leave by 9.30am drive back to work to be on time by 12.30pm, doable, right? I believe its worth it!
anyone bored u can tweet meeh:)❤❤❤
Seski wake up. Where is Seski? In Oregon. Where in Oregon? Seski want good suggestion from Tweet and FB friends
“: It's my circa 1995 Melrose Place with fangs...” exactly
Swag swag swag on you.
Regis avenged their pool play loss to Cherry Creek in a classic cross-town rivalry! Centennial League claims 2/3 championships!
The Features over 3,000 leading canines from a variety of breeds!
If that was datsyuk it would've been a great defensive attempt.
Due to the construction on Willy St, there will be no access to the Umami parking lot for lunch service only today. Dinner is not affected.
owow so u a rapper now
Congratulations to pioneer on receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from Nat'l Assoc. of Black Journalists (NABJ).
I love my brown skin.
Success is a state of mind. Anything you want you can have! Just dream, believe you deserve it and work your butt off to get them.
had some technical difficulties but they are up and rocking!
this should categorized as crimes against humanity. We've been violated! SECURITY!!!
"ONLY ON WEDNESDAYS" THAT IS FROM SPONGEBOB
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridges to cross and which to burn...
oh just seeing if u was str8 u seemed upset
austin's curly hair is so sexy.
And then regret takes over
Thanks for the re-tweet!
It doesn't matter what you think. It was my birthday, I had a wonderful night. That's all that matters.
eav maxed have a geat day
Feeling like a JERK now...Fedex delivered the package to wrong addy & a neighbor just brought it over.
Workers hold May Day rally at Vanderbilt for dining workers
loves everyone out there who is making a difference in our lives. the band cannot thank YOU enough.
| Happy Friday! Let's get that demo scheduled soon!
Those forgiven much will love much (Lk 7:47) and those who love much will sin less. The secret to sinning less is receiving forgiveness more
I need a Project Manager with RDBMS for a contract in Deerfield IL.
you you you:)
If you live in #Baltimore, is the only place to be tonight. A Great staff, menu and beer selection is guaranteed.
annual publication featuring employee questions about HR issues answered candidly by Corp Sr VP Vic Buzachero
Couple of warning track fly balls, but just a 9-pitch inning for Cueto.
Maybe they smell because of the library. Maybe you smell the same but you can't tell. Or maybe it was you all along...
i love pandora radio!
Hey , go get it! RT Looks like the Harper HR ball is still sitting out there in the grass batter's eye.
Thanks, Kirk! I actually did a Bronze Anvil dance when I got the news :--)
LSD Roger is so much better than fever Don.
Spending the morning at the San Ysidro Community Service Center talking to constituents about what's going on in San Ysidro.
Brett Favre is a legendary no BS kind of guy and a Hall of Famer!
Ha ha. Very true. It runs in the family.
I think I'm more bored than anything. I don't feel like playing WoW and no one is on Facebook, Twitter is slow, etc.
“: Which player will steal the most bases this season? #MLBFC” Prince Fielder. 
The state of Kansas hates VCU.
Looking for fresh new articles for TriSoc. email me if you write and want to get your stuff out there:
idk if im ever gonna be able to look at larry stylinson or niam the same way again tho...
oh ok she probably out there already, She just left here. Wat time u coming out?
Don't rush in too quickly, don't over commit, lest you find yourself with more responsibility than you originally intended.
thanks so much for the #FF's and RT#FF's!! :)
My roommate just told me his veins hurt
QoTD: "Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought." (Basho)
So I don't own a suitable piece of red clothing. I'm a disgrace to Chinese New Year (＞人＜;)
I love you too :-*
How did your senior project go?
Seeking film crew. Message me if you know anyone
Its early & hopefully all the moms are getting their well deserved beauty rest Thanks Moms for all you do, like raising boys to play soccer
Im upset that "the game" only has 2 more episodes...
some may have considered it a good place (i know how you felt, though...)
And don't ever forget it(;
Just watched a girl spill beer on her Manolos & then throw them in the trash
Our singer will be better this weekend which means if all goes well NEW SONGS NEXT WEEK YUHHHH!
She's built like a steakhouse...but she handles like a bistro
I need an outlet!!
no mommy for me! :[
Hugs back to you! Whenever I hear Dancing Queen from now on, I'll be picturing you and as who ABBA had in mind.
My brother in law has been after that privilege for a long time. Doesn't fly with security.
RT Man the hair dryer is exceptionally hot today...I feel like I laid my head in the devils #Crotch!!lap lmao
Please shower me with good thoughts on child care near Vandy
Happy Birthday Mitchell Davis (:
I didn't do anything to advance the human race today. But I did draw an octopus with one hell of a regal handlebar mustache.
Any chance of getting these clip links for later?
: oh okay. It said "forbidden" before & I was like what?:O
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter, we'll take it off on out in the water 🎶
I'm soon to win an oscar ;)
It's so weird to me that today is Friday. Definitely feels like Saturday.
Very very frightening! Galileo, Galileo, " " Galileo - Figaro, Magnificooooooooooooooooo
Wish people would stop hating on He's a freakin beast!
East Coast Braces for #hurricane Irene
yeah lol I'm taking chinese in school :-)
hey hey hey
- Whee! See you there!
girl I don't know...I don't ask any questions!
Wow, good luck with that. That's like an antique in computer years!
Right! RT : Constant name dropping, that's that shit I don't like. (Iknowallthepeopleyouknow)
In 2010, Seau survived a 30-ft plunge in his SUV off a cliff. Hours earlier, he had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting his girlfriend.
i've got a surprise up my sleeve for my idol for 5/26... if only i knew what size hoodie/t-shirt he wears =/
Shooting tomorrow for the next two weeks. We'll keep you posted on Twitter and as much as we can on our production blog. WOO HOO!
Ramy - You did a great job today with your Grand Opening! Congrats! RT : WHAT A DAY!! Amazing is the word to describe it ..
C: you're welcome ;)
left her granny panties at my house lmao 
Ayy its birthday! Happy Birthday!
....there's ALWAYS a way to TURN a CHALLENGE into a SUCCESS!!! ;-)
Moroney: local TV stations will never charge when repurposing their content on the web, so local news orgs have to make case for $
We are open all day today, get your NECTAR today as we'll be closed for Turkey Day. Cheers to everyone and THANKS for everything!!!!!
Hey, Lesa! Really glad that you enjoyed Thunderland. I think my books have gotten a lot better since then, too. :-)
Looking for great games, toys and other goodies for children visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
. and are just around the corner. We will be at booth 5201 at #JavaOne and 640 at
ive been pushing people away
God damnit Duke...
I is bored :/
National High Five Day!!
"If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down."
God has a plan for my life and that's all I need to know.
haha that was a blast I literally just finished cleaning! I'm going to take a shower than post the pictures!
"JC Penney Ads with Ellen Degeneres were best thing about #Oscars." via | Could she possibly make Penney's hip??
Is this a nightmare or is it real? Did Jeff Suppan really just shut out the #Brewers for 5 innings?
Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom, let it be
like your pics by the way
I'm cold?
Gonna Kill that bitch tommoro ....
not sure. i picked wednesday so i can break up my week. if it happens it happens.
Congratulations to Tony S on 14 years of service with #kforce!
Just cause season is over, doesn't mean I get to slack off and not work out 💪
It was just that stupid puppet from Victorious interviewing the cast and promoting victorious, apple juice, and salsa the whole time.
hey vin have fun at HHI wish I can go but my sis got late notice so goin nxt year...can u n the Boyz go nxt year lol love ya!
It's here! Holy cow! The first NYC is here! Happy Earth Day weekend, world!
SNICkERS. I eat them, even while I'm going places..
yeah but should have caught myself. No biggie thanks
excellent show right now!
how would u picture yourself with in that same situation?
the best whitney elegy is from
bahaha I rather enjoyed it
love you too pretty lady.
keep it PG (; guess I can teach you some filipino stuff to say at the end or something...
imagine Justin;s nexxt music video i think we all are literally going to die ;O
BofA Park & 19th: bank locked, guard unlocking for each customer. Didn't look at me. Mass paranoia of the 1%?
Today is YOUR day! SEIZE it, LOVE it, LIVE it.......take it to a NEW level! <3 Grab on and fly high!
We slappin faces round here suuuuuuuucka
Hey, welcome back! Shoot me an email and let's make a plan for early next week.
Deasy creates crisis at CTC with over reaction to poor administrative action regarding TRUE cases needing review.
thank you :D
I have SO much work to get done and I'm already checked out. Boner. =[
What brings you to D.C.?
It is!
Hence the immediately buy that product without thinking about anything
if you don't mind ..what city are u in and I will be praying for u at noon
This morning I discovered Kate Spade china. I'm in love.
Back in Tampa. Omg scariest plane ride of my life! Like a freakin roller coaster gaaaaaaahhh
American Heart Association says walking is the best form of exercise to achieve heart health.
... Middle initial and all.
Fox 12 political analyst Tim Hibbits calls Bonamici as the winner of Wu's congressional seat.
how did you do in your #racquetball games? How long have you been playing?
MMA Fighter & Marine Dustin West works with Wounded Warrior Project
Looks like the Nuggs are lookin good... I'm fighting the urge to change the tv to the game... I don't want to jinx em.. C'Mon
(c) In particular you wanted to know what they were saying?
Popsicle sticks. Kids decorate w marker, glitter, poms & then see what we can make! Pen holders, bird houses, garden sticks...
Thanks to Tiger Management LLC for their generous donation!
Im not a stalker Im dedicated Im not a fan Im a Mahomie Im not obsessed Im supportive He as in isn't just a singer Hes my hero
Getting Excited for the Winter Season! Beat the cold and join a Skeeball league this winter!
Pitchfork calls Lynch's video #nsfw, but I think it's just
U smell a lot of things when u travel
wow that's amazing. I'm going to be working her on my iPod all day tomorrow.
we haven't as yet... cc:
Days like this make me even more grateful I live in San Diego, couldn't ask for more!
I've been debating putting a grey streak in my hair. :)
more like thank yOU
Patients won't be held accountable, but the ACO will be because they receive $ by meeting quality of care benchmarks.
sounds like a great event! Ill try to get down there, tho monday's tough. Thanks for hosting these types of nights
I was using my iPad like a giant iPhone. Very sad.
nah, good to win the division but not content with just that
Justin bieber performing at X-Factor :))))))
Spent entire day yesterday trying to fix computer that would appear to have a fried motherboard. That's a day off?
is that why? Lol
Amazing finish.
so , is "Mosaic" harking back to the great Blakey album or the record label (also special!) or something else?
Everybody wants happiness nobody wants pain but you cant have a rainbow without a little rain.
Make A Wish Upon A Star Fish, Kiss Under The Waterfall, Coconut Side Dish, Like Paradise Lost But Now Im Found
I have an extra ticket to tonight, who wants it?
I could see that. Especially for kids that have trouble with written/oral communication but get the programming logic.
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Sitting on a bench on the side of the street, drinking a Thums Up (Indian Coke-ish, I think). Woman walks by and compliments my costume.
I'll be fine I swear, I'm just gone beyond repair.
agree for soups! Not for salads. Too intense
Congrats and ! I remember meeting you both (and your early team) at Barcamp in Delhi.
Just watched Seattle's Nextdoor Neighbors at the Comet. Totally pumped. Sorry Dave Lawson.
Lol aha going to the movies with dhis boyy
Scicurious Stuff!Check out my Cafepress Store!
I'm feeln it I suspose!
RT : Happy All Eve everyone! Can't wait to see what treats the crew has for us this year.
I wish my dog could run to Cold Stone right now and get me a coffee ice cream with the little English toffee bits.
Any word if Middlebrooks will start tonight?
i totally forgot we didnt have school today lol xD
dude the show is on Saturday the 21st. Not Sunday. Dead surf is playing again.
as in 'taint gonna happen.'
Yes! Working. Thanks!
thanks for the intro, but didn't we meet at TechNite with the yo-yo's?
Omg I think I may have just read the funniest and fakest rumor in the world. LMFAAAOOOOOOOOOOO
Silence means complicity when you sit there, smile, and say nothing when the n-word is being used in your presence. Silence=Complicity
chillin jus got back from SwAP MEet
it looks like after is done yelling at his listeners he listens to you to hear what a good morning show sounds like
Will do.
Am i being patient and moving on.no!im taking off the watch and living till i get there
Russell Simmons' offer to pay for the cleanup of Zuccotti Park is almost generous enough to make up for Kimora. ALMOST.
This pm we'll kick-off #CAM2012 with live-tweeting from ! Can't wait to hear speakers from & !
Still cant believe I got tickets to see #YEE <3
thanks! i think i said all i can about it.
Listening to all of my 45's now because I realized not all of them have huge holes that need adapters. Now: FoP. Next: Apache Dropout.
What animal my character resembles?
Aw i love her <3
I've just realized how much I've missed playing soccer :l Senior Champ :D LMF
Why is the agenda and date and time of this meeting not on their website. What do they not want you to hear about?
Tired of being walked on n tooken for granted, tired of being put on the back burner n 2nd to others, TIME FOR ME TO BE #1 !
Or Lebron in the 4th quarter RT“: October is to A-Rod, what Midnight was to Cinderella.”
we have so many awesome fans. Thanks so much for still caring about us. We will keep making music, it is in our blood.
Taught Wallace Terry's book abt black Vietnam vets yesterday. Looks at economic dispossession and Vietnam as a factor in rise of Black Power
Yay Thx! RT : thanks! happy Monday to you as well!
deleting people i dont know when facebook tells me its their birthday....
looking forward in doing your hair...
I can't wait till comes and visits mad town :)
you are my hero... come to sacramento so we can practice some magic!
Thanks for the follow Kora!
Anyone going to Coachella tomorrow? I know someone who needs a ride from LA in the morning. Please PM me if you are available.
Exactly. People who don't know about your product can't brand your product for you. RT : But what's the idea?
call that chick out!!! Lol
Miller Park is a library. You can pretty much hear the ventilation system.
Do you know any #bayarea #restaurants that feature #performers for brunch? or dinner? Please share!
Love the art-sniffing doggie logo.
haha I'm listening to epic with mine:D
Ha. Missed the end of the Laker game cause I passed out, but woke up to find out they won
How are you fantastic Boy? <3 :) xx
Hey Prash, thanks for reaching out! Saw your message and will get back to you shortly. Been strapped for time, but ur on my radar
Yeah I'm trying not to do the FB thing as much either. Let me know if you hear of anything starting June though! <3
RT Totally had a fatning weekend, today I start fresh, with diet & exercise.
hahahah yepp....i think one season with him is going to be awkward enough...i dont need another one.
2 traveling recruiters, dept chairs, tech person, writer/editor, few faculty recruitment champs
thanks 4 the follow
Nothing good
No! I knew exactly what I needed and where to find it!
local info request! RT : legit question for #ArlingtonHeights folks: are the paths @ Lake Arlington covered in goose poo?
happy to hear you're enjoying Undercover Weekend!!!! Thanks so much for listening lady! Have a fantastic weekend!!!
LICENSE TOMORROW!!!
Good morning my beautiful followers! Hope everyone has a great day!
#SomeFluffForYa Do cliches and the standard schoolyard dynamics really fade or are they just more revamped and subtle in the adult world?
Internet stores are open 24/7. Real ones should be too.
cut it out
ha that pic is awesome
thank you! It was awesome!!!
YOUR THE ONLY REASON I STAY UP UNTIL 11:11 WISHING THAT U WOULD FOLLOW ME BUT U NEVER NOTICE ME YOUR AMZING FOLLIW ME <33333
BIG Shoutout to and for even LISTENING to my music!!
Hey y'all, don't forget that Bush put us so far down in the debt hole, not me. Okay thanks. -Obama
Anytime! I'm here until tomorrow morning. Would love to chat!
i love you
Hi we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Ran 6 yesterday and 5 today. That's gotta be some kind of record!
Cheers! Thank YOU for making Asheville a place we want to grow...
Seems like everybody is breaking up and throwing their love away..
Thanks for the #FF shout out
needs volunteers who speak Mandarin to help seniors understand their health benefits. Do you know anyone who can help?
Are the "Bears tweets" suppose to make me feel better knowing we have the 29th worse o-line? Pfffft. Bring on Patriots season for me :)
Congrats to the Rats! Last night's final score: Rats 158-OMH 133
I follow all of my followers
This is very, very cool news! I shared the FB post as well. I hope the project is successful!
Cant wait! Wear sequins! Lol RT : Lady date with and Ms. Sophia! So excited!
Roseville, truly hell on earth
Womp. Mid-Atlantic failure
Work hard for the money! [ Donna Summers voice ] Rest in Peace. 
I heard about the traffic mess today on LSD around the I-55 ramp
Only 4 more days until tribute airs on NBC at 8pm. Can't wait to hear Clinton's thoughts on AmeriCorps again
This class needs to speed up so I can hit the gym
so glad Jessica & Joshua are safe.
Omg! My Scottish friend! I hope he's having a lovely visit with his sister.
thanks for the mention
Trying to make dinner in this hot box is no fun!
most beautiful goal ever? we make a good combo haha
Salvation Army failed me.
ready to watch do work tonight.
Have a great Saturday!!
Nice photo gallery. I have ornate metal type and old litho limestone that I consider (heavy) works of art.
Exactly. Total BS. “: You can hop into the stands but you can't stand on a camera stand. OK. Got it.”
RT : Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?
I hate when I let people see my phone and they go through my pictures and text. -____-
is looking forward to the rain.
for sure. I'm free until 5pm you time
Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. ~ Neil Armstrong
Off into a snowy drive home.
Thanks! :) RT : follow ! she the best!
yes so ture
lets get outta here
Wish I could reply to Android Market comments to let people know how stupid they are. Hurts to see em so oblivious
I'll bite: This new Madonna album is great.
omg hey
#Coyotes want this series tonight. Their intensity is intense.
So disappointed cut add'l $6.2 mil from State Parks, will now have to close over 1/3 of all CA state parks (over 100).
Yeah, and I are headed there later today.
all deserve #GiveBIG support! Who are you giving to?? cc:
I just ate a salad and I feel good about it. Now, it's time for a music concert
It's Tenacious D time!
S/O TO AND SEALING THE DEAL
So true, "storytelling is everything!"
A quad-core Windows 8 laptop more ultra than an ultrabook?: Imagine a quad-core Windows 8 laptop as light as a tablet. Enticing -- bu...
OH: I only have 1 muscle shirt, embarrassingly enough! OH2: you have to in case you go BOATING!
#mygraduationspeech I would like thank the person who made copy and paste and the person who made google.
o wee whats good?
lol, I understand but nothing foreal just working..... and you? :)
I wonder if there's a way to have 2000+ people in the same relationship status.
Can't wait until tomorrow :)
tough decision u r considering some good schools when u say i Will attend ....some will cry some will shout 4 joy Kentucky
sorry man! That sux. :-/
At the shop bout to get my haircut by Cwoo!
Drivers Ed is going to ruin my summer
Our kids really seem to thrive w/ the horse program, girls especially. It seems like the ADHD symptoms go away around animals
lmfaooo im tweeting myself
No kidding. She knows "intent". Are we playing the who hasn't spoken game again?
just watched jesus>religion video at church today. i had to come home and youtube you. You speak the truth! You inspire me!
The future of logistics next with Mary Vaughn & Michael Dalby
New follower #shoutout! Thanks for following the South Tucson Library and
really wants TheEllenShow to follow her!
#ff they seem untroubled by the autograph seekers in the background :)
Watching the #Grammys :D Hawaii gets everything late >.<
Hoping this is directed toward me RT : efforts start to mean nothing when people continuosly fail to follow through.
McDougal up to pitch. Take 'em out, Scarecrow.
See how you can use OneNote as an alternative to Adobe Acrobat (PDF) for document management at www.iheartonenote.com
I love you Neon!!!!!! You have been an amazing inspiration to me!! May the FIERCE be with U
People Shouldn't Bend That Way
every time I see you, I want to take my robot ring to your face. again.
*ding* *ding* *ding* RT : You are, a Cinema, a Hollywood Treasure <3
Heading to GWU to mess with ; if he thinks things are moving too fast, wait until he sees the engagement puppy I got him.
Anyone else humming the beat calling still ?
thanks! And I think you should totally do it, it doesn't hurt to look, lol
welcome to twitter, Geoffrey. We've never met (I was Fenty's Dep Mayor, recruited Michelle Rhee) but I'm a big fan of your work.
just found FREE piano sheet music online! SCORE!
Minneapolis is flooding its rinks this morning. There may be some hockey left in this winter after all.
At $99, #AppleTV offers the most value for your money of any #apple product...ever. If you don't have one, get one. Trust me.
#BillsMafia #SJ13 fans TODAY on MTV2 RT “: Make sure you check me out on #SuckerFree on this Sun at 11a/11p.”
'The Green Hornet' is not a bad movie at all. And Jay Chou, looks very cool. I like some of his songs.
an to think I stopped tlkn to essence just to work things thru wit chu yu foul as fck
JAJAJ YOUR FUNNY
couldnt take my eyes off of Bailey
If woke up should be awake by now
Make home security your New Years resolution
When you die a little because you lost a follower #WHY ?!?!?!
LEXG moving nice.
I like Finley over on 6 TD's. Think he'll have a lot of redzone looks if he can stay on the field.
his hugs > your hugs. his kisses > your kisses. his smile > your smile. his laugh > your laugh. him > you.
thanks! Such a great class this morning...I think my face is still red from it. We already downloaded Snow Patrol!
donde tu ta? I called you and it didn't work..
yeah dude too bad we meet went to the restaurant in queens that place us good too.
For the last time tonight HaPpY 18 bIrThDaY you deserve everything and tons more!
Smart Teen! <3 RT : There's a big difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving them for who they are.
HEY YOU GUYS. SAYS HE'S ANXIOUS & HAS BEEN READY TO START ON HIS DEBUT MIXTAPE FOR SOMETIME NOW..:....
I guess my fringe is up next :-(
Please stop with the pajamas visuals on our Mayoral candidates. Yikes.
everyone needs vacation. Everyone. Stop what you're doing and book one now. Imp way to escape and enjoy family w/o pressures
College basketball gone break viewership records today because of those on that basketball withdrawal...
Oh sweet, my allergies are back.
Wednesday is a BIG day for us! Find out what we're celebrating starting at 6am w/ Jim Cunningham!
Friday Saturday n Sunday is about to b super long for me
come see a girl!! I can do it via phone of you wanna go to PBT :)
It's just amazing to me that people don't see that; it's the opposite of a race to the bottom (is there a cliche for that?)
I want to take in a movie today... Any good ones?
who has the power in ? is it the teachers, main office, the school board, or the community?
RT : “If I’m grabbing the towel, it’s to wipe sweat from my face. Not to toss it in.” - (upcoming interview)
thanks for following - and for attending the SMPS event yesterday!
Where is my decision?
glad you got to attend that session. some good stuff in wireless wellness.
GOOD MORNING! ☀😄
Cool! Thank you! I think I'm going to plant some just didn't realize how many varieties there are.
We are just getting started! Thx for following us.
Again this year...Why can't you EVER pick VCU to win?
eh, I'll compost them tomorrow. After I take down the tree.
"50 Cent and Justin Bieber" is still trending? woah.
LMMFAO!!!! You are my hero.
Too bad I go to school with boys.
I play mostly Wav files, but from now on..Never an Mp3 again. If I don't have the Wav file; won't play it! Even gonna try 24 bit on F-One!
Jacob Black
i dont have class tomorrow wohoo!!!
Do You Reply To FanMail? :)
Wow its so cold outside this morning the garden gnome is shivering. Last week he shaved the cat and made a fur coat for himself.
Good luck tonight! “: wish me and luck tonight!”
Roshon is pretty darn good! That's the #hiphop in him I guess.
Contain your excitement. Some of us don't watch it for another couple of hours :)
no babe don't leave me!!!
It had to be my 4th block teacher to fucking give us work !
A lot of good talent this yr in the #JBC2012! I attended when it was in New York but being in Charlotte it gives the game a family feel!
eric church is such a badass
I am a Maximillian with two l's. My dad is older than he looks!
Red Wine. And quality time with my stinky lil brother.
The USPS is using scare tactics to get more ppl to use snail mail, that will surely get them over their impending falure...
no shit(x
so u was thinking bout me, awww
I really have to stop crashing into things
After quick surge defense stepped up and played phenomenal..well done!
It felt good outside sav! hahaha We need to Head to the courts
Mavericks win!! Wow, that was one of the most dramatic regular season games I've seen in recent memory; Thank you instant replay
CAN AL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT PLEASE!! I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!<333
i think it's guest exclusive anyway just like wilderness. ugh. I don't wanna go to crapahari and pay $200 either
it must go next to the R. Leaf jersey in the man cave.
Yeah you should!
happy birthday!(:
Enjoying an IPA What is your favorite watering hole in LP?
arrest a man for numerous sexual assault-related charges. They fear there could me more victims. Details at 10&11.
UGH RIGHT WHEN IM GONNA SLEEP. WHY NIALL. WHY MUST YOU TWEET TWICE NOW.
someday I will be important enough to have a twitter bot speak for me
FYI, I am no longer in
#Sounders FC select FW Jason Banton (Leicester City) with the 15th pick in the 2nd round of the
Once again… a little too much blood in my caffeine system today.
Um yeah that dream was pretty horrible I am not very proud my mind right now haha !*)
If you can't feel it, see it, or smell it its typically not real.
Good morning Brandie. The sun is shining. The cats are cute. It is a great weekend. Hope you are enjoying yours :)
as a slow freeway driver, I apologize on their behalf. Our pokey asses need to stay in the right lane.
Dude, it's cold--but manageable. Hope The Bay's being good to you.
Gingrich is nothing but a noise maker.
oh how i love nascar races <3
Fuck you, glasses on my face.
I HAVE KENTUCXY FRIED DERBY GOGGLES
nice! we have one less excuse to avoid carpooling.
babe < baby < princess 👑
#IheartRadio app is cool, except when the commercials come on, and there's no commercial, and there's creepy music instead.
We like your name
Today's is from Mark Harper re the Electoral Registration & Administration Bill.
Women, STOP getting pregnant by men who already have kids they're not even taking care of now!
Oh my dear baby Jesus thank you for giving me the cutest baby sister in the entire world omg amen
LOL. Excuse you. He is dead. And the doesn't explain why there can't be a trend about him..
Awkward moment abs some one confuses Larry bird Bob night AND LARRY KING FOR THE SAME DAMN PERSON
ill try my luck w those ones...;)
I got the dub on Morris
And Congratulations by the way!
#Romney is way more compassionate now. He would make the kid have a
Hugs back! Hope your boy is spoiling you!
Finally getting the time to move around a bit more! Good to hear from you!
But you endorse them in general?
Getting hungry- new drummer to audition soon. And we'll begin recording another single in a week! Getchya sum o dis!!!
My music seems distant, singing about what I am, just a "cowgirl in the sand".
Anyone know of a site that helps build quality resource pages for marketing?
You think this think with Jada and the elephants is bad? Remember when Billy Dee Williams complained about the giraffes at the zoo?
Closing at midnight...
who's = who is; whose = of whom
Opening Day.
HEY LADIES!!! WE HAVE THE ADIDAS IN CUTE SOFT COLORS FOR U WITH THE T SHIRTS OR TANK TOPS TO MATCH!!!!!!!!
I had to drop off truck 8 AM Sat to fix windshield. Wait 2 hours. What to do? OMG next door is a Denny's! What would we do without Dennys!!
thanks,girl :)
haha alright seeing you said its okay to tell you then yeah it is because you're going to be out....awkward haha
I miss watching The #Rugrats with & #90s Girls have grown up overnight :-(
Pawn Sports News; is on hes way to a #ChampionShip ring and one player isnt feeling it at all. Knicks player
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo tell a #Jew he owes you money
Getting there - JUST 2 more "Likes" to go......(for a humble beginning ;-) Please feel free to ask friends. Love you. Thanks! ♥
wow.....that's deep!
#Didyouknow the longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes
Smh I need to become a better catholic.
Reading your book and loving it -my kids are 8 and under, looking like the trickiest parenting days may still be ahead!
Re-create the design you're gonna make!
Enjoying a gorgeous brunch at Nova in Oak Cliff #brunch #oak cliff Dallas #good cocktails
What's your beverage of choice for a marathon session?
appreciate it! but its not me its this is his fan page! FOLLOW HIM ALSO
Three huge free throw misses. Damn.
The first coffee-house in Europe opened in Venice in 1683, while coffee was available in Europe as early as 1608, mostly for the rich.
+1 RT : I wake up way too early on vacation. All twitchy and "c'mon c'mon c'mon let's go!" while everyone else sleeps.
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
There was nothing better than watching "Louie" and all of a sudden seeing you appear. Effing awesome! Great job.
FUNNIEST tweet today! -- MT It is now a 2 person race. Donate now for the last conservative standing.
Sometimes ideas show up when you're not writing or even thinking about it consciously. Brains are odd tools.
It will be posted after kickoff so you will know what the play is before it goes final.
Warm outside
Playing the NBC Heads-up Bracket with Kevin M. Go Ivey!!!
Just game one.
I haven't done #ff in a long while. So, plz bare with me. These are musts:
The announcement of an overhaul to England's planning system brings the meaning of "sustainable development" und..
way to go
Runs scored rarely are more appreciated.
I need your info! Email it to me at beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... thx!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I wear glasses and braces but not a smart cookie.
THIS ---------> RT "Tidiji: Marvin's Room bores me. I've tried, I've really tried to like it".
because u dont know wat I seen at the bet awards, because it wasn't tht big back then
The chicken to pot ratio in this chicken pot pie could be greatly improved.
Great films and should satisfy your escape from prison needs!
About to tear up some Wangs Wings!
well that's even more fun. I left at 7:00 today. Then stopping in Nashville.
I think I'll try defying gravity<3
I am becoming frigid with this change in weather.
#ATM starring now that's survivor #horror done right!
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
If you could add anything to our menu, what would it be?
I think just loaded the bases just to show he can get out of it anyway
One year ago today, Holly Bobo went missing. Please pray for her safe return
you should probably start writing things down as much as you forget.
So pumped to watch my team live!
I Can't wait til My BFF Have her baby , Imma Spoil Her :)
No matter what I optimize, Cant get my site to load quickly. Using shared hosting but tried others. Help!
I got my IPad It's cool
Well that was a new horrible experience
we open now
Forever sky high
WordPress, is that even a question? :p
Not much...Ha!
#Imagine u:ugh.. I'm tired! J:want me to rock you to sleep? U:sure You smiled :) he picked you up and cuddled up with you, and kissed you..
"A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions." *Oliver Wendell Homes
Today only, Monday, July 11, 2011, 7-Eleven locations across the country will be offering a free 7.11 ounce Slurpee drink
- Terribly sorry, the client we were using hid your tweet! We're on the east frontage between Montgomery and Jefferson. :)
COKE ZERO LIGHT..........no, just tonic water. Oh yeah, Good Game :)
i know the feeling, i always feel like diana ross on stage whenever i wear sequins lol
oh no sending the juju!
lol. Can You Pay My Bills.
is there a way to get in touch with your Chief of Staff, Theresa Mintle? An e-mail address or phone number? Thank you!
aww love u too :,)
The Bing sessions at Soho House
And say yeah!
Happy birthday New Mexico, 100 YEARS OLD TODAY!
i want a henna tattoo from juuu<3
Oh, we're going to World Trade Center. I thought we were going to 34th street and walked from there. What time ya got there?
Trumps party is off the hook
after all this time, i just wonder if this is justice or action under pressure. I'll keep an eye out on the results.
I think I just saw someone quote a Skrilex song... I didn't even know that was possible.
Oral history metadata synchronizer... This is purdy darn neat.
I thank God for a soon to be Husband like Mine <3 I admire him so much ah I love him so much :)
don't get angry lol what up cutie
What kind Brian RT : i want a cake Aubrielle
thanks again stay in touch!
Ryan, have you already talked about UNC's counting SoMe involvement for P/T? Wanted to include that in my next talk.
you are so ghetto & a disgrace to the game of tennis...guess Richard didn't teach you class
One more game...
what wonderful news! :) Big year for all of us!! Glad to hear school's going well...keep up the gr8 work!
PinkSlipRick.com had big piece on Maddow tonight. Thanks Rachel for recognizing all their hard work! thanks for keeping eye on FL
I've done my share and probably have one more later this year...it's been great to me but time to go!
Maryland til tmrw, then home :D
"today is the greatest day I've ever known"
today...we dine in hell! fuck that....i'll just go call her, you guys have a good time...bring me back something-Alexis
Calling all indie publishers! Join us in 15 minutes for #indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers.
my skin is yellow. not white. Yellow.
Always good to know we have another ally! Thank you. :-) At least Maryland recently stepped up.
pick me!
right there with ya dude!
“: Why is Michelle Beadle trending? Has she finally accepted my marriage proposal?”--I wanna see you two debate on first take. Lol
Woohoo! 100% uptime in April. Take that five nines.
#Happy #Monday Everyone #spring break
I know man we sat for like 2!
please forward additional details through direct msg
Just, be sure to look up the contraption in the book like Jess did before purchasing. LMAO.
NYC July 24, 2010 9am (The Great Lawn Central Park) "Love Is Us"- Photographers Michael Dote, Xaviera Shutter Princess Sparks, Dane Delaney
Same here. One of the things that kept me from playing alts in WoW was losing all my pets, mounts, etc.
My mind is like a steel trap: rusty and illegal in 37 states.
Sons of Anarchy heads to a great conclusion
XOXO RT HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY TO THE STUNNING the peeps sure have a winner in that one :) LOVE YOU
At school right now....working on a science project. Why do we have so many projects at the end of the year?
what the heck!!!! why is it raining so much!!!!!!!
*pours up* let the countdown begin...
Here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is finished. If you are alive, it isn't. - Richard Bach
wa hat a stupid statement
Bout to go chill wit DMx and let him here my muzik
Bra. I did some straight deer shit. Im too pissed at myself!
LOL TOO BAD I CORRECTED MYSELF. THANK YOU GOOD DAY! lol
NKOTB ...New Kids on the Block!!!
Nothing like being the black guy that was invited ..... Lol
Today makes it on my "Top 10 Worst Days Ever" list.
Jacksonville. Don't let the door hit ya in the a__ on the way out. Elway got a REAL QB.
Hey Brenda thank you for the follow!
Never half ass two things. Whole ass one thing.
Today is a weird day of up and down emotions. Up and down and sideways. Just a continuation of the last 2 weeks.
I never realized how much I didn't miss this school till now
ok. i'll figure it out. thanks.
Terrific! RT : stay tuned for my next blog entry on creating a volunteer activity-based point system
Dude, I would be thrilled if we got to work together next year. I'll e-mail you soon about another visualization I did this year.
My teachers told me I wouldn't be shit
Joe Hite tonight and Thursday. Who I he? C'mon.... Milwaukee's best performer and singer
Can't believe its already September
I don't complain too much because somebody else have it worst than me. Life ain't so bad after all.
ohh got ya !! Yeah i had no clue where to go til basically the last second
Yeah, if I was in Detroit, I'd probably be living in the only occupied house in an abandoned neighborhood.
same, I just can't wait for the summer to relax and go to shows haha!
bad acl buddie:((((( and okay I will! Thank you!! Goodnight ryan'
My pick for best supporting role on the red carpet: P. Diddy's lint roller.
Chiefs had FOUR total yards in the first half. Yes. FOUR. The Jets scored one touchdown for every yard the Chiefs picked up.
Me+an acoustic showcase @ the Listening Room in Nashville+ July 13th 5:30-6:30+ an hours worth of songs about boys= you SHOULD be there.
- Henry Cole, the man behind the Christmas Card, is one of our bearded heroes!
will they do it today?
Interested in exhibiting this fall? Dallas,Ft Worth,Dallas or the ALL Tx Garden w/ Neil Sperry in Arlington? www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
My friend was on tour with her marching band and their bus got stopped by border control for a suspicionless search this summer.
Nobody can get to me. Only 1 and its Jesus. So don't mind if I smile and be happy cuz he lives in me.
Boney James- So Beautiful
My son and I are going to kill each other before this match is over.
hahaha that's awesome
Bought myself an early bday present today!
ur cool with ur tobacco post
We are closed between 3PM and 5PM. Dinner service starts at 5PM until 10PM Sunday thru Thursday and until 10:30PM Friday and Saturday!
doubt your gonna see this but
-_- RT : How?? I'm ridin dirty them crackers out in clay lol": swang wide it'll b worth it"
Recording...in the morning by J.cole ft Drake.
one hundred! And heck I had to pay you like 1 million!!
Hello this is Karen remember me? You sang about me in When You Walk into My Dreams and 6.4...
Thank you!
I want to go out, but I'm probably not!
Watching a horror movie and thinking "NO! Dont kill him! He's HOT!"
Wish I could. I'm booked elsewhere all weekend.
“: Loiter squad!”
Even when you are doing the right thing, people will always judge you and hate you for it -_-
from what o.0
NEVER SAY NEVER ! :D <3 Just wanted to say Hi, and how's it going? (:
Feel like an idiot. Just saw some I didn't know I had. Never responded--AM VERY SORRY!
@ the CDAD Community Breakfast meeting & it is a great meeting! At the podium now is City of Detroit's Planning & Development Director...
hey there!!! How r ya my Insanebro??? Luv ya, ur sis~*+Sabbath+*~
NCAA tourney games on Does the NCCA know does not have HD? I can't watch basketball in SD. First world pains are horrible.
What are the fundamental human traits? #language #tool making #walking upright #music and #creativity must be there too!
Just called my mom to wish her a happy mothers day. When I realized I had the wrong week I swore and hung up on her.
Works like a charm.
i'm so weird
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together
Thanks for joining us last night! :)
RT : In exactly 5 hrs I will be announcing the winner of season 2 of And then 3 minutes later, I will crack a...
Classic, both dudes aced it. .
do you moving forever or for a few months? ;'(
Happy Monday Fashion 5.0 fans! It's so gloomy here in San Diego. RT if you are really ready for #Summer now!
geez, I walked Georgy thru the Adams Morgan day crowd. good thing he was behaving himself (mostly)
yeah that blows
"A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex."
you're Following 36,573 people & im One Of Them..YEE <33
": Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown"
Did really get beat badly by Newcastle & Pepe Reina swing and miss on a headbutt or has this all been an elaborate april fools joke?
Orioles better resign Adam Jones ASAP . That was a shot
The United Air iPhone app shows your upgrade status. Nice. Too bad I didn't get one.
I just turned 13 this past April:)
darling thank you!!! I miss you sweetie. When can we do lunch. So much to share... XOXOXO
THANK YOU to everyone who has tweeted or bought the book. It hit #3 at Amazon a few hours ago and is holding steady. I am so
thanks brother for the season and a great first round against Pittsburgh.
Hi Jim, we're following your tweets about the conference!
i own jack links beef jerky..
“: having a hard time deciding if it's brilliant or creepy” It's brilliantly creepy. And all 's idea.
Today is the beginning of a new life
Since spring has arrived, Balthazar sits in the window and pretends he can get those birds were it not for the screen. It's hilarious.
This dude just called my professor a c*** because he didn't like his grade on the open book multiple choice test and map quiz #JuCo!
Message:"For Those Of You Who Have Already Inquired....I OFFER YOU 30 DAYS TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS..FREE TRIAL...HOW'S THAT F
You know i keep alot to myself.well not alot just 1 subject thats very dear and near.
Everything you need for travel, all in one site! Book air, hotel, car, cruise; buy travel wear, get passports & Visas. www.FreeXpedia.com
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite restaurant to go to?
I would much prefer Beibs!
get you a #redbull it
I just uploaded a brand new twitter background.. whatcha think??
#FollowFriday Don't follow me, follow He'll agree with you more about films & tv. I'll just say you're a horrible person!!
The Green Mile never fails to make me tear up. )':
alright then haha
thanks man yeah I got yall
They are. He does.
To the guy sitting on the curb of the blood bank eating french fries and wearing a faux tuxedo shirt.....Marry Me.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
I'm not making jokes about the charges against the #StopKony fellow. I'm saying that should NOT claim that he is "malnourished."
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
#MyDream is too be a singer & an actress any advice?? Oh & my birthday was yesterday!!!!!!!!
Call me right fucking now .
Can't wait to see you!
those are -not- fat legs..
I don't drink soda, so I need coffee! And seeing what coffee does to you, I don't think you need caffine. Haha ;)
The amazing on with right now!! LOVE her music!!
That's a great documentary!
The Beatles - Within You Without You - 02:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
girls will be girls.
When uses double standards <<<< #jerk (:
it works and it's fun!!
I sure will!! I can't wait
#uppers This report abt the BP spill makes me want to CRY! The ppl; the gulf; and eco system r RUINED
Danngg, that was deep . Chicago's Finest, #leggo .
Me too! RT : what a loser...I feel bad for sometimes
Thursday Mens game followed by night out... make it happen captain!! See ya soon brotha !
Wow.... Went to a different sbux today off of w valley pkwy and I just got a mouth full of grinds :-\ ... Unsatisfied
Who's been fucking with the Skyrim thou?
McGahee might break a nail or something, may take him out of the game
Could have done without Gary Neville's "Oooooooooooooooooohhhhh" for Torres' goal. Not the best soundbyte ;-)
what up
Thanks for the link, very interesting!
haha. Yea you and me both brotha!
If Romney becomes president, they have to move the Texas capital from Austin to Lubbock.
Our shortlist will be announced soon. Here's to hoping the edge of your seat is cozy!
hit me up for presale!! October 15th @ Area 702 The Ghost Inside, First Blood, Deez Nuts, A Loss For Words, Hundredth, Kill The Masses!
- my favorite Miles.... thank you
Do u currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library?
Our booth equipment and touchscreens just left for #aam10. We can't wait to see you in Los Angeles!
Today's Trivia Question: Who was the 1st Black Woman to receive a Medical Degree? Visit www.americanlegacymag.com after 12pm to find out!
old My Morning Jacket is meant for Winter nights like tonight
#EastSideMustHaves DC Tourism
Lol ma friend makes an AWESOME raptor noise s/o follow him :D
Follow from Mississippi
Celebrated the twins 9th birthday today. Got them alarm clocks, they're super EXCITED to wake up tomorrow!
Students I am on my way to class now
There are some girls on this train whose outfits Claire Huxtable most definitely would not tolerate.
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. You made me want a mustang
When will the nacho cheese heater replace the water cooler in the workplace? This is Wisconsin, dammit!
Hey Pittsburgh! Go fuck yourself!
I'm probably taking one of those later, but I don't have finals to blame.
OMG I'm so confused my head is about to blow. Why??
We can't win at home, we can't win on the road. As general manager I just can't figure out where else to play. - Pat Williams
trying to teach about #trivia43, he's a rookie. Telling him about Trivia Stone.
Do me a HUGE favor and give a shoutout to for me? and please follow her? thanks you guys are the BEST! :)
“: my fingers are crossed GL”. Thanks man!
#NowPlaying Empire State of Mind - JayZ ft Alicia Keyes ... Cannot wait to be back in NY in nine days!!! :-) xo
Looking for satisfying girl scout cookie statistics and coming up short.
welcome to winter :)
I'm on to you now...
PHILLIES PLAYING LIKE SHIT AND MY JOB IS BUSTING MY BALLS
Finally just used the ladies room.
Is that ice?
so happy you guys are back! I felt so uninformed!!!
#RealWomenWant to look in the mirror and see their best friend.
Like the Captain America choice. Chris Evans.
I just wish I had a joint that big! You're welcome;)
Tonight in Milwaukee: or Peter Case and ? Begin.
AWESOME point ;)
There's a difference between venting and begging for attention.
It wasn't a dream. It did happen! Good morning
hahaha, well I wouldn't, but her and my friend got it on! No they didn't..
shhhh. I'm sleeping
Tis the truth, for it is apparent to all
RT : Just because #Autism Awareness Month is officially about to end, it doesn't mean that the Autism Awareness has to end...
Got 1981 Radio Shack Model 100 from storage, added 4 AAs - booted instantly! Ran flawlessly for years.
That's not true re: OBL. Twitter was abuzz w/ rumors but there was no confirmation until the speech. TV didn't "miss the moment."
Heck yeah! I get out at 11, too late?
I Cant Wait Till Summer I Aiint Gone Neva Stay Or Be Etd Home
Debating whether to even come to school -_-.
900 fans!!!! Thank you all. Wondering who's
Turn my tv on to "Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived, come to die." uh..Voldemort, I think you mean "come for pie"..
See you at TED tomorrow!
QR code don't: Sign next to a urinal (unless by Duchamp, presumably) @
Fun fact: If you look up "most corrupt House Oversight Committee chairman in history" in Webster's there is a photo of Darrell Issa.
Damn! Memphis won last night! I want the second round to start!!! I need to see my !!
Watching #MakeItOrBreakIt witg ma niggs I Can't Believe The Coach Fucked Jordan for Years ! Smh !
oh son.... you gotta watch me this weekend now lol
I was thinking we should get a room at like wildwood one sunday and drink/swim all day for #sundayfunday, then go to the game
Do it! You only got an hour till they stop serving anyway.
Frost delay, frost delay, frost delay
me too
I love to be a part of outrageousness. For real, let me know.
#Salute RT : in the booth with - OG in the radio world showing our boy the way!
You're a genius
- Hey guys. It's going to be a Harbaugh Super Bowl - 49ers v. Ravens. It's all about the defense.
Thursday -Sunday come into City Gear to get an ADDITIONAL 20% OFF RED TAG APPAREL!!!!!!!!!
What's your Tumblr URL?
it's at university of Houston!
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
Nice job Wolfpack!
we on for tomorrow night bro?
without music i'd die.
I am trying to decide between Parsons and SCAD for Interactive Design grad school. Any guidance?
RT I can't stand to see these lil ass girls on here talking bout they bad, bitch u aint even got titties yet!
With temps dropping this week it's a great time to get on the roof and check your units for any problems w/ your coolers or A/C units.
dinner @ #ondos was delicious. loved the super crispy patatas bravas
i love waking up to nothin from my girlfriend she must really care about me -__-
Awesome! I hope it's a nice, outdoor run instead of a treadmill.
just saved the day! Thanks to you I'm back up and running after crazy hacking issues. :)
How the Fuck do i stop getting someones tweets >_<
Golf Quests is looking for an advertising professional who is seeking a challenge in the travel, golf, and tourism industry to sell ad spac…
are you going to the gathering friday? i wager a taco from that #cuse beats #wake thursday night...
My tl won't load
Not sure what I think about the mixed Kits
wrote: Daily I live to die in this life so that I may die to live in the life to come.
Carl got a 5 minute major for the same shit they just did to Richards and were gonna let that go?! Playoffs swallow the whistles,likeudodick
Had Chix Fillet today ,and got a million & pie from Furrs Rest.Need a drummer.
RT Great time last night hanging with my & friends at Thanks everyone!
babies know ma weakness.
I heard Julia V makes an awesome cupcake
One of my fav person just came over and just made the rest of my night.can't wait to see her tomorrow!
You are in my thoughts n prayers everyday
True Kansans, aren't they? Tornado outside? Let's go gawk at it!
“Being a Humanist means trying to behave decently without expectation of rewards or punishment after you are dead.” — Kurt Vonnegut
Great to see Ohio's consumers stand up for the laws that protect them
An owner of a wastewater treatment facilities was sentenced in to 21 months in prison and a $310,000 fine for violating the Clean Water Act
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires
I might!
honestly I would share it with most of my followers after I paid off my family's debt
local chicago channel 50 yea AMW on sat's was badass too
love your website! Thank you for coming to our event and we hope to see you again soon.
Absolutely love, love, LOVE Brandon Jennings and Beno Udrih on the court together.
Redskins have reached an agreement on a 1-year deal with RB Tim Hightower.
A must read!
sweet:) oh and I get to see you tomorrow
I'm going to tea bag Johan Santana. And he's going to like it.
Thanks so much for the recs! I grew up east of Buffalo & can't wait to read more books by my former neighbors to the West
Oh, of course their piece at DePaul. That kind of felt representational to me. Heavily referential anyway.
If love is a labor, I'll slave till the end. I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand.
": I can't ever get myself to play the lottery, maybe someday..." me either lol
Your Mission: Believe all things are possible with God Your faith should always reflect that mission
Bowled a 190, 5 strikes in a row
RT : Caps owner Ted Leonsis and Ducks GM Bob Murray - guests on today’s edition of NHL Hour With on SIRIUS XM Radio.
shut the front door! That's awesome!! Dude we're accepting apps for next year's team! 80+ events around the US. Mad exposure!
Doing good, you? No longer at CBS. In San Francisco living the dream.
Good morning! It’s 7 am in #Chicago on 'Abdu'l-Bahá's 22nd day in America. The city is enveloped in fog and mist.
Does anybody know how to bulk upload events to #dipity?
Hey if you wake up tomorrow, and also want food, come have a fried egg sandwich. Nice show tonight.
oh ..... I want it to come out soo bad
You got me there.
Up at 6:30 and watching oriental drum covers. Not sure how that happened.
I FINALLY figured it out. Team name: "Passed Out By 10PM!" As I am certain I will be! ;)
that awkward moment when you are playing fruit ninja and, you miss the first one. *RESTART*
no time for naps today in the office...
CRASH: I-5 southbound @ Nyberg, left lane blocked
At this point, thinking mode of storms across Iowa will help to take heaviest rain chances just south of SW and SC WI tonight
you have relatives in Texas, Pennsylvania, Maine, or Maryland?
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Hope everyone has a great day!
We must be living the same life... RT : My life is one big beautiful, chaotic juggling act.
I'm guessing your love got you those. Why can't I have a relationship like that
thank you -- hope you are well!!
A+Research: Where Do I Start? Presentation @ Thompson Apr 11, 2-3pm room 150B Learn steps to a successful research project!
date me
My prayers are with her family and especially her daughter and mother she was an incredible singer and person may God bless her family
and individuals shouldn't be allowed to vote on civil rights. that's why we have a federal constitution.
2 brothers who won't stop wrestling, makes for a not so relaxing nt. for mom (ie. me). :/
we got Clemson this week we owe them a beating for how they ruined our season last year 12pm Sat afternoon on ESPN2
RT I want a kindle fire
What do you mean the old you?
The mom needs to borrow money. Let's see how long before I get it back.
Arguements are learning experiences, nothing is learned if your not together after.
American Idol is gay.
Thanks for follow!
You can, count on me, like one,two,three. I'll be there (:
It's so early but I can't pass up a February day for a morning run when I'm not all bundled up.
My thoughts exactly ": Word to your mother. And that word is "Love". #HappyMothersDay"
I follow back ;)
We the US will be in Afghanistan well past 2024. Just like in Korea, and Germany.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleveland Clerk of Courts
I through suicides on a private jet ..you know what that mean im fly to death.
DO YOUR BEST! “Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.” Frank Lloyd
This is why I love the chiefs....
I always say yes to bluegrass
Did you guys ever find a place to crash in Toledo?
I miss saying "Luke." He looks better in black & orange than grey & blue.
you tell'em!!
maybe next summer we will have a donkey festival involving one of them, some tours of the local bike builders and some beers!
ohh ha. what grade are you in?
The whole front of my mouth is numb and feels weird:P
my girl aint that old jk
Fuck this feeling.. nap time .
#PCA she is also beautiful
The great business of life is to be, to do, to do without, and to depart.-Viscount Morley
We can thank for the end of the night Journey request. I half resisted and she said, "Don't worry, I used to work here"
**Request** Our time has freed up a bit, Are you or anyone you know hiring, looking for help, need a dog walked?
spain invaded portugal apparently...
Budget chair CM says he hopes to wrap up hearings by 7 pm each day.
sweet ok:) please dont forget! the shows in september!
if it makes you feel any better, i think you and Eleanor are oh so very cute :)
Arrogance of the Zealot - thinking that the cell in my uterus is more important than the man they sentenced to death.
I like your smile .
something MKE is proud of for sure!
Not showing on zune, was is the rss address for those anti-apple people.
me either. Lol
Sad... Writing a blog now recapping the season
Yeah, its always nice when there's an old guy who smells like piss at the gym.
So sad, but we're cancelling Fitness by the Fountain tonight See you Wednesday!
That's exactly why I did that.. I feel honored.
The Unit server upgrade is complete! To say thanks to #Unify users for their patience, we are going to run a quick give-away. Stay tuned...
Coach Calipari and the No. 11 University of Kentucky drop game to Ole Miss Rebels
How the fuck i get drunk so fast last night...supa weak...
Met and spoke with Rascal Flatts' tour manager, Mike McGrath, today. Hope I get to work with people like him some day.
I'm not baffled. It's clearly the alien mind control apparatus at work while we sleep!
RT : 2011 will go down in #history as year of biggest rollback of abortion rights since Roe v. Wade bit.ly/obD960
Got anything else good I should be listening to??
So much gratitude for my three sweet children piled up next to me here on the divan all pink-cheeked & silly & cookie-eating.
Gonna have a good night. (y)
say that shit A G A I N ,cause they don't know
Can't wait to listen to it on archive
looking forward to internationalization!
Ok we accept the challenge! Come to Miami and we will ball! :)
hello!! You're quite welcome :) and thank you
Four shots of Jameson at 8am. It must be a flight day. Snowing in Bham. Hopefully flight is not delayed...I will have to drink more.
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for joining us!
Do you prefer Margret or Satan's mistress?
Oh yes he was
Nice little 3 mile run study break with and
- Watching Cheaters . . Hm !
Dr. Turner: what makes a video go viral: engage, emotion, surprise, target sharers.
haha thanks Eric =)
you and me would deff be better teachers and I really will fail
"How can I meet the mayor of Oman because he'll want to meet me."
Do you have empathy? An openness for growth and understanding? A great start!
Walker is like Bagdad Bob. Their are no Americans in Bagdad. As US tanks roll past in the shot.
People are so stupid.
Avoid anti-inflammatory drugs/supplements post workout. Inflammation is the first step to muscle hypertrophy which leads to muscle growth.
My brothers flipping out over American idol. Chill out trev, its just a show.
HTTP://www.infatuationclothing.com
With #lumen great night.
Had a great time with at the studio tonight. Funny s&%t!
No law enforcement agencies have unlimited jurisdiction.
poor Brandon...
Thanks, Susan! And thanks for listening last weekend :)
Lol Girl It's So Many It's Crazy & They Don't Play When It Comes To Him
Not worried bout it... ^_^
just talking to George sellers about your candle, when I come to Paris in sept for shows we must dine w DL and u!
I believe!
RT UNDERSTAND U MAKIN UR MONEY BUT WE NEED OUR QUEEN DIVA BAC HOME...U R MISSED ill b home Sunday thanks! Missn it
Kulov Tea Festival, May 13, 14, 15 in L.A.. We'll be there, will you?
i ant to die, ihave a 750 class should i go fmlhate every1 ronniepryoor next door 2me ibegged him not to hurt me like this
Sure glad that Arsenal came through with the victory in their CL match today - go Gunners!
Y'all are still gullible bitches. No one is as gullible as Kaylee though.
The #law of unintended #consequences: THEY EXIST.
Thanks! Great job yesterday :)
in related news, I bought a screaming slingshot monkey toy for $4 today. Seemed like a good investment.
I hate when ppl tell me follow them. You have a better chance in following me first cuz I will never do it
Anniversary lunch at and picked up chocolates at after. Great afternoon so far.
“ You can't fight love, cause it'll kick your ass if you try lol #realshit”
and you to mime :)
just asking..... anyway i amtoo
In concert intermission in Europe I told a well-known soloist he was flatting. He was not happy. I didn’t care He was better after that 
fuck yea u could... Very hott
He would just be an average NBA player if he couldn't jump like he does.
YEP ...he has to look good with it though Example: Rick Ross
Thank you very much. Checked out your site and I like it. I'll visit frequently and participate.
sure!:D
In the last 2 minutes, it's been an amazing social experiment. It's my birthday but I had no idea how many people would respond.
Actually in bed at 11:30 on my day off.
Now that the news is out there, here's wishing Jim Mandich the best in his battle with cancer. RT
Aw look at my fav little Pisces man!!
Here is a simple but powerful rule …. always give people more than they expect to get. ~Nelson Boswell
I want one!
Congrats on the entrance - Looking forward to joining the discussion! /CC
#cosign RT Thank you Maurice Sendak for all the incredible childhood memories & bringing my imagination to fun & exciting places.
hahahah apparently. that's prolly gona be me when im that age lol
people who 'like' their own facebook status updates, to you I say, "bravo"
Just read a couple of Feynman's books. He was smarter than the rest of us.
AT WURK HIGH ASS HELL JUS ATE ALL THA VALENTINE COOKIES UP BAHAHAHAHAHA
So true! Community engagement isn't just for some library staff. Everyone must b working on this!
Getting bullied? stick something in their butthole......there is no come back to being penetrated
It's my birthday. :-)
Excuse me while I go punch my sister in the face! Ugh cry baby!!!
If you follow me i will love you forever,btw I LOVE YOUR TWEETS!!!!!
What the fuck happened to ricky ross.
what happened to the pygmy hippo?
Dont you just LOVE us?! I <3 U! Follow me! Gonna meet you on April 20th ! <3
Attending our semi-annual Information Technology Professional Half Day...bringing together centralized and decentralized IT
I cant handle you anymore oh yeah I'm pissed at you!!!!!
I don't have any recommendations, but this plan sounds pretty amazing.
#cheers 2 U!
Women rocking our playlist right now: and CocoRosie
Don't you be holding back your love, because in the end girl your gonna want another round'
#cybermonday Why not name every day after a different shopping opportunity? #toolstuesday (#consumercalendar)
It's a little embarrassing how much I like it!
I kindof want a
ay que twitter. Que le pasa?
I've noticed all my student friends have disappeared into the #springbreakzone when will they return to earth?
Slobber Snaks in the oven...who's ready??? 🐶
Evening out my walk with a Famous Daves burger and fries
Sarah Palin, undeniable proof of the failure of the American education system.
ciao vidal sassoon. you gave me the best haircut of my life.
is it a better rotation than healthy philly?
yep, I like them! Good looking out!
lol what happened last night?
Well excuse my carisma
I 2nd the welcome!! Can't wait to see you!
Having a fabulous time in #sanfrancisco with
So, takes forever to upload videos now...has anyone else found this to be true?
I love how and are talking about toothpaste. Yea that's right I said toothpaste.
Let's get 40,000 #followers. He's a good dude!!! CEO of Shop today!!!
Ok, if I donate to public radio will they stop telling me to donate to public radio?
Come on Teblow!!!!
They aren't just verbs or adjectives to describe random shit. Usually in a derogatory or callous way. I mean, c'mon, people. Let's do better
no worries, it's the British one.
you'll have to let me know when you cross the pond!
I cannawt wait for this Christmas! Christmas in New York City, with only Issac as a guardian, hosted by moi!
enjoying #interviewtip december grad edition (DGE)? they continue all month long to help you search for your 1st career! :)
Rise to the occasion
Bruce Edwards: God is DANGEROUS with an unsafe goodness. (#autocorrectfail)
I meant sponsors, vendors, sauce contestants. However, we will fill contest-judge seats on a FCFS basis.
I hate being in the grey.... why can't things be black and white sometimes?
would rather be laying out then doing this paper.
I'll shamelessly promote you then. Read ,
you said you didn't wanna play because your poor ankle was hurt.
pot brownies for breakfast :D
That bald, fat piggy "Montgomery" is the lead instigator and escalation point. Works for General Services and is a fucking asshole.
lol it's all love Indy
If you've ever gotten excited about something because the number 420 was written somewhere on it, we would probably get in a lot of fights.
I wish he would stop calling me.
Chris Davis is 1st guy in MLB history to go 0-for-8 with 5 K's and be the hero of the game
as if this dog remembers how he got into this suit hahahaha
Thanks for mentioning us! Home Grown Learners is an awesome site.
Glad it all came together! Please be sure to take pictures too.
I think because of my Klout power in #helmet :-) There were some cool mens hats at
UVA in the finals for the College Cup! UNC playing a man down against Akron right now tied with 10 minutes to go in regulation.
Let me guess....Apple Earnings Soar by 118 Percent in First Quarter?
Shower, the Heather's, pictures. PROM TONIGHT! Six Flags tomorrow. :) This weekend is going to be great!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.- Albert Einstein
“: Damn skippy. Females aint ripe till they hit the 30s “ Quis likes Cougars tho””oh...u r so special.
bruh I walked by it like 6 times and really contemplated on taking that whole box
You humble me, Lord....reading "one thousand gifts"...and trying to be strong.
You talking about the book or its companion documentary? Either way, agreed.
I'm lucky enough to know him personally and yes have seen him in person! He & my brother are great friends. LOVE..
Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31 #cowboys legends vs new players proceeds going2 Cedar Crest Salvation Army info ->
Phil Mushnick is an asshole and needs to be fired
Back in the action finally! At Conseco Fieldhouse watching the Indy Karting Classic
lol gets banned from stickam hops on a friends account and does it all over again thats what i call a G.
you never use twitter anymore--lame!
Bored and nervous.
Thanks for checking out my tunes too :-)
It amazes me that people can live somewhere for 9 months and still not know the address...
Thank you dear, and backatchu!
MR (): "Smaller sports, soccer in this country, extreme sports, MMA work hard w/social media. It's been great for us"
Love my crew great night you all Rock
Partly due to correctable mental mistakes - like all of the offsides penalties. : It's over. Lions defeat the #Bears 24-13
Fun fun great food
Is expecting something...
If I win Mega Millions, I will buy an Island and recreate #LOST... who's with me?!
"I'd touch her boobies"
Time to paint.
anyone out there going to Red Seven tonight? i need a show buddy...
Everywhere I go...i see beautiful people. Love this song.
#homelesshumans NEED PERM HOUSING NOW!!! not in 10 years or more!
ON IT.
“: Kandi will be on WWHL 3-4-12! We want a fun guest like Jackee' make it happen”
6-9 pm Club Rain 9933 Greenfield. The after party is at destiny lounge 20143 greenfield ladies 2 for da price of 1 till 11pm. $5 entry!!
The awkward moment when your making a milkshake and all the boys come to your yard(:
i get work tomorrow... but im stuck with you i hope this time i punch your face instead of the wall
"Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see."
The Destruction of the 4th World opens this Friday at PushPush. Murray Mednick script. Film by Jeremiah Prescott and a 13 year old protag!
have a great weekend, Brooke.
your not the only one lol:) RT : It's weird how I can make myself laugh??
I want to fly in and have that waiting to pick me up.
today as a particularly concentrated microcosm of the larger characteristic. it's amazing how fast things change and happen.
it's friday girl. why so angry today?
Sorry man, already cut it! Thanks though!!!!
nerd alert
music is a way of life. not a life of music. let it flow out your soul or you are a body lifeless of the way.
thank you. I haven't updated it in quite some time. Gotta get back on my blogging grind.
forgive me sir for sleeping on ya skills! This REACH album goes bro!!
dang, look at all those trombones!
I'm gonna do it
There's still time to make changes to your body and wellbeing before the holidays (so you can look and feel your best for the inlaws..)
Don't forget the lyrics! Over the _____, To grandmother's house we go! #ChevyFun w/the
Wow this paper is crap lol
Nice meeting you last night @ the showcase. You left with a Dave The King CD. Let me know if you'd like to set something up
yup and it was with just a point and shoot!
Happy 15th Birthday! Were has the time gone? It seems like you inspire me more and more each day. Happy Birthday! <3 xox
I'm good how r things with you.
Family Marketing Inc. to Change Name to EverydayFamily, Inc.
Suspect in 1995 Deltona rape, Witar Luangamat, has been extradited from Arkansas and arrived in Volusia County at about 1:40 p.m.
Can't believe Rob and Kristen might get married.
Because they're happy to see anyone new?
Great pick up for Chicago. But he IS an asshat! He's a wife beater, and thats the worst thing you can possibly be!
Let's go heat!! Came home just in time to watch the last 5 min
Working a carnival in the freesing cold....
THEY ONLY RT SOME PEOPLE -_-..
ooh, good idea. thanks!
Thanks! We are online only, no brick and mortar
Welcome & thanks I'm excited about the exchange.
Trader Joe's Speculoos! Is what I ate for breakfast and now, lunch.
I think he was asking if I was an international Costco member, like, not from around these parts.
Always cool to read #FNIchat... much learned..
pssssh! What time you going today?
lol yes they definitely know smh
For real, why do you have to tell me something like that? Here comes the over thinking.
way to be positive! :) RT : Hit the wall at full speed. Finished 15 minutes off of goal & 6+ off PR. But life as a...
RT will focus on using emerging tools & technologies to acheive MISSIONS more efficiently & effectively
thank you for coming out had fun with you
The Veterans Open Support Group meets each Friday at 4:30PM (1030 E Brady St) Details at www.dryhootch.org.
My daugther, 8 1/2 yr old, Chloe is hosting a back to school sleepover for the 2nd year....80's themed...mom loves that but my nerves won't!
Sans Souci here we come come say hello Ventura!
The risks of making your own sushi include getting Ikura (salmon eggs) in your hair.
So I joined this casting agency for film background work and they're really working me... Haha.
Hey El Paso! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Miss you!!!! See you next month!
. can we interview you tomorrow for on mashable?
Not everyone should wear green. Just saying.
Finally getting to do one of my fave things... sitting down and catching up on #digital #interactive #agency news.
After 10 years of drinking coffee I've discovered that I'm a "slurper". Yes, I'm THAT guy.
please follow my niece ;)))) she's your biggest fan
So proud of my goddaughter, she's 7 yrs old & she's already learned to defend herself.....
did u do the homework???
Moving some big ol' files with TransferBigFiles
Man I feel like driving all the way to Brooklyn, NY for some good ass Jamaican Food!
At the museum
what time?
This is my football tweet.
we did I thought no
Both impressed and amused by ladies able to go through an elaborate make-up routine on the bus.
At #smcsea, throws up a full slide photo of looking good as usual.
I hate facebook....
Baseball at Fenway is a little like racquetball. Let's go Os!
you aint getting them back!.(:
Haha! Maybe that would've helped:)
A good portion of his career was built on Tim Burton movies though...
Love isnt love without the person that you care about.
liver is all yours but I'll fight ya over the gizzards.
time "run on the BIG Banks" and deposit money into Local banks or Credit Unions
Hopefully this phone doesn't give me any more problems. I just want to have a working phone. Is that too much??
Being sick deffinately does not help this situation.
many thanks for hosting, its was a great meetup! you have a great space and look forward to seeing it when its complete!
what are u doing in SA? Any events that i could attend to get your John Hancock! :)
Two 85 plus old ladies, reuben rischall and bulls game, victory, awesome
Yeah, I am weird. But then, normal is boring. LOL.
#Germany Can have vices & be a good general. Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/kindle
he's tall. He got an adorable accent. His personality is amazing. I didn't mention any names but we all know Liam popped into your head ;)
what's the deal
You can bite my ARTISTIC STYLE, but never steal my SOL!
I'm gonna love you until my last breath... My last sigh
Awesome article in the Sun! I hope you all get a great response!
i love waking up and then putting on music by , i love you so much justin i wish you'd follow me<33
lol she's ma momma in my heart 
What are you supposed to say if you have Chris Brown as your Blackjack dealer and you need another card?
#2manycomebacks2this so leavin it @:AGREED RT : No such thing as too much fun ;)
#WhatAWomanNeeds is me, for love respect, protection and attention...money is another story ; )
doing some great things in mobile, and there is lots of trivia and puck tossing prizes, thanks Golier
that was you?? Shit I didn't know lol. Cause I was listening to music and didn't really hear you and I thought you said are u high
“: karleeelovesyou happy birthday :)” thanks :)
$10 student rush tickets for tonight's performance of "You Can't Get A Decent Margarita at the North Pole". Come on down and join the fun!
Tim Green's mom hooked him as a reader with a .25 garage sale book. 'There's a book for everyone.'
awkward. I'm going sunday
7M on treadmill? U start doing serious mileage like that, & I recommend going outdoors. More enjoyable! Bummer about ur knee :(
I love u tho 😘
I stand corrected..
It's amazing what kind words or a simple smile can do.
true - once asleep, I don't want to get up, but once awake, I don't want to sleep.... maybe I just don't like change? :)
i've been to the library three times. tried to study there one time, but fell asleep. other two times, it was just to use the bathroom.
bailey and madison are def. not girl names to me c:
Now following back :)
I just devoured that.
Commercial developers! Look no further. We have all your social media and online marketing needs covered.
Golly, Spurs why can't you make your FT's. We have nothing but shrimps on our team who stand around watching the Mavs score! :(
nun. School borning even though I am out of school. Lol!
Keplar calculated elliptical orbits of planets around the Sun after years of puzzling what gases might cause erratic patterns around Earth?
thanks! Should find out this week if I get in!
I just can't get enough
#lovenhiphop they al bad. Straight up
"only game 2"
OMG...you walk on the wild side! LOL
Football in the rain, let's go Fire
I get the most random songs stuck in my head. This morning it was the macarena, now yellow submarine?
I think is the sexiest white boy EVER! Something about his badass presence...
Welcome to my new followers. As I always say, buckle up & enjoy the ride!
The door flew open!
F'ing manager made me move to accommodate f'ing Duke fans.
thanks for retweet!
Good stuff! Thanks for sharing! Looking for rare funk? Sold my rare funk a few years back. Harder to find now!
Said our 2 year old to my wife as we were saying goodnight tonight... "I colored on the couch. I wasn't supposed to."
SI, SIGNORE! #ONIONS with the marinara sauce!
What happened to the sweet Patrick Kane from the start of the season, who in an interview, referred to a girlfriend who gives him Twizzlers?
I kind of had to explain that the series was an on-going.
Probably gunna gain at least 10 lbs tomorrow..
metaphorically speaking of course.
A piece of ass will never run my life. It ain't that serious. Then again if you ain't getting it or use to getting it then I can understand
Good morning! Did anyone stop by for a healthy breakfast? Our Mornin' Melts have less than 200 calories! #SUBWAY ftw!
Exactly the same here. I hate the way the Rangers play, and how over-hyped Lundqvist is. Faces like 15 shots per game.
Ah the pandora for android app is life changing
Got politics in your future? Don't miss Political Boot Camp on Sat, Oct. 15. Register by this Fri for discount. www.lawyersclubsandiego.com
Big part of the game plan for Mavs will be their ability to get back in transistion. OKC loves to run and advance ball...
Irony: sketching out a blog post about the death of print, then opening my to discover it celebrates the printed word.
i can,t wait
Shout out to my boy and fellow grad on hitting his first HR this year for the #Dodgers. #youaretheman Congrats!
Keynote speaker Lou Holtz:Don't strive for success,strive to be significant (in other's lives). graduation
yeah for once. It's nice to see the Cubs do something right...
This is way too much power for me! he he
Over 50% of Americans think climate change will be harmful--but later.
No matter how may times I watch #Matilda its still my favorite movie.
": You are all Cover Girls! Don't be silly ;)" aww thnks Kendall can u do something special for this cover girl like a follow
and that you do Alright Alright you gonna learn today. I love that movie. you are the best.
Sup Steven!
and bridesmaid dress shopping of course.... *girlish shrieking*
Not sure if i still there - a bar in valley called Residuals that would cash any resid check under $1 and give you a free drink!
Monopolybread live right across the street bout to see if i can get them for my graduation party and some Gogo bands
A great second day at , followed by an evangelism meeting with folks from Getting excited about the future...
yo! Roll it!
My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food,
#NashvilleTn getting it right. Watch #weightofthenation on
BOUT TO MIX SOME SH*t!!!! MONEY is the motive but #iSupportKC 4real!!!
C'mon dude, if Al Gore said it, it has to be 100% true.
Antiphanes~ Poverty is the schoolmaster of character.
Fuck Feinberg and his idiots in DC. As Robert Menmoshe calls them: "teh crazies dwon in DC." True statement. Fuck DC and their laws
SAN-DEN-ICT
Is that an age crack?! I'm irked I can't locate the blog from 2000.
Body ovr PC fresh #veggies are essential to preventing #diabetes, but #spinach, #collards and #kale are full of minerals
George #Zimmerman has a
WOW! Daughter is talking mad trash to Cubs fans!!
Sorry Andy- Sean
I'm in such an awesome mood. For the first time in a long time! :)
Why they just start shaking on the floor like a dead fish? Cuz when ppl catch the holy ghost it look just like an exorcism to me.
Take me away
This weather is making me want to nap so hard.
Today's agenda: nap and actually work ahead on homework for once
Well...I don't think Andy would die to protect the paper union.
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
Im so proud of you!! Muwahh!! :)
I fight authority and authority always wins.
Bumping and singing in the car with him :)
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Is it me? Or does the rose man at every club look like an out of work porn star?
What the hell is going on anymore!?
Just realized my surgical incisions covered by #BluesClues bandaids are healing faster than the others with regular bandaids...
What I bought on iTunes today: Carrie Underwood's single "Good Girl" & Dr. Dre's Chronic 2001. Yes, I'm serious.
I might agree on watching the replay, but live, maybe I'm biased
you are killing me. Now what did you do?!
my throat has never hurt this bad ever in my life.
If I walk into a room with motion sensor lights and the lights click off, does that mean the universe is trying to tell me something?
so we need to get more sponsors, where do we meet them?
No problem! Thank YOU! :)
do u have vacuum envy?
What kind of teacher sends out lecture notes at midnight? A big fat slacker.
#erl12 Compact for open-access Publishing Equity a public multi-institutional signed document to call for open access instead of subs
you're following the wrong account, hit me up on I want to chop it up with you about something
You know you're in Florida when... on the first 10 miles on I-95, you pass 3 Dodge pick-ups with monster tires and 2 abandoned cars...
Dont want to go to work today -- so much to do, dreading finishing it.
this needs to be emphasized because all our work as humanists is situated, embedded in larger communities, in webs of collaboration
seems to be a common theme among responses.. OK read but awful writing
This will be weird
Almost ready for tonight...
Old Blubber Hops is having a lot to deal with. Things are different for her now, she can't control everything.
this bitch is gonna annoy me so much..
RT : Woody Allen news! Josh Brolin joins Oscar winner Anthony Hopkins in the ensemble cast for Woody Allen's next picture.
Have you seen www.gracieuniversity.com? Super slick... very well done.
Some good run at the JC but now I have a jammed finger on each hand
another fight with mom... #whenwillitstop?
My chest hurt now
Today is SO lame.
Misplaced trust and old friends. Never counting regrets.
Black people can't be so stupid as not to support this President. Cut off your nose and spite your face!
acually i take back the last part there just stupid o_O
Requested: Observers for a gov #usability test Nov. 16 from 9-1:30 p.m. in DC. Email for info.
Steve Blake!
Whenever he doesn't talk to me, in my head i'm like: "Fine. Just don't talk to me." Then when he does talk to me, I don't want him to stop..
Booking promo models. This Saturday. Clearwater. 3-11. $125 clear. 21 or older. E-mail pic & info to
Evan isn't reponding as quickly since he does so in between crashes.
Still feels a little like a dream come true.
don't panic!
Welcome to Twitter!
Right now I wish I had phone # so I can talk to him or have some type of communication way to talk to him :( <3
I can do a instgram Zaona , I just need to find the app -sara(:
No turn-key solutions for science, even major big data companies (Google/Facebook/eBay) all roll their own. Still have a ways to go
How could the dolphin afford to buy a house ?He prawned everything !
You Know Me...She Came At Me First Wanting Attention
Still shaking from the tremors earlier! #ny #earthquake - enjoying a drink watching
Step boys :}(
thanks for the RTs!
Wow, sad & shocking. We have forever been changed by his design & innovation. Steve Jobs-a legacy & inspiration that will always live on.
“: Gym bound.... #TeamFitness” do work!!
caffeine, i'm counting on you.
WHERE IS MY COPY OF #TFIOS I WANT IT NOW.
no dm me ok
you are a stud of all studs my brotha!!!
love youu too !
Today is soul music day in the salon. #NowPlaying Softest Lips by #EricRoberson. Can't wait for his new CD to drop next month!
"its hippy-hop, yeah what a breakthrough!"
Thx for following Josh! Be sure to check out for the latest in #mktg, #adv, #pr & #graphicdesign!
i live in L.A
well, be careful. lack of sleep can make one cranky
"Dont talk to strangers!" -my mom
Me too! #stfu Love you!! Xo RT : Stupid ppl annoy me.
I felt super good about it, even though my head was spinning a little. Glad to have you there. Soon you'll be here. :)
Missed blocked called ... Hm
w.e way u wanna take it
How could this not be trending?!
Wandered into an AMA to occupy 30 min, turns out to be with the guy who invented the wiki. Cool.
we need to get in a dartball league..its like how you become a man in my family
No words have ever been truer. It is ALWAYS the weekend. Just ask brands like &
oh....I KNEW THAT I WAS JUST TESTING YOU... &haha thanks(: your nice(ish)(;
same bro
“: Cause everytime I hear that song; I go back.”
We're taking suggestions from our awesome Kenichi fans! What is something you would like to be featured on our new YouTube channel?
Thank You, God loves you
Morning =] I have a french speaking test in an hour, so nervous ;/
I am watching my strangest addiction and this girl is obsessed with makeup and spends 4000.00 on it a year DAMN!!!
haha no i dont hate you Brooke
: Shield that screen while you're tweeting out in the open...
Why why why are some people so cute??? Ugh.
your pics in this series are so beautiful, I kind of want to paint them. Stunning use of b/w, Ben.
25 mile bike ride -> chocolate milk.
life is a wonderful thing even though it may seem complicated at times
If you change ur pword, disconnect and reconnect 3rd party apps and delete any tweets with suspicious URLs you should be good!
I'm really pissed that off that none of hockey channels are working!!!!
life is 2 short to be wasting it by been a jerk to others
": “: my nigga” might wanna jump on the remix if you'll do it"can't wait to hear that is y'all down
Couldn't sleep (on east coast and have to get up early) because I had a feeling we just might win.
MAN I SEEN THE FINEST GIRL IN THIS WORLD AT THE SALVATION ARMY YESTERDAY >>>>>>> On everything I gotta go find her and propose
Hush, hush. I heard a sound come from the ground. All of the trees are a buzz, talking in tongues, talking with lungs, talking with freedom.
Thanks for following me! :)
Ok, remind me again, who is the intended audience for #DarkShadows? I mean, outside of Depp, Burton, and late 1960s gothic soap opera fans.
and Robert Horry.
Tony Romo back in the game w a broken rib! #dedication Colt McCoy is somewhere confused & shaking his head.
“: Not being able to get any cutty <<<<”that's that hurt tho
attending ITIF FCC National Puposes of the NBP forum
I feel like playing Halo.
you are really cute(:
I'm a city boy!
#edchat = ex of free online PD
That's my birthday!!
School w/out today... and I are dyyiinnngg...
Burnt pussy ain't shit RT : can I throw it on the foreman???
Doing fine so far :)
Lets get one thing straight. Favre is NOT retiring. This is about wanting to be wanted.
Mayor Gray: “On behalf of the people of our city, I thank Mayor Adrian Fenty for his service to the District.”
same day as the Hot Chelle Rae concert. I'll have to watch it in line!:D and yay, I can't wait to see what their next cover is!
damn i aint even noticed u tweeted me.. wasssup with u
From my older Catholic family members, to my friend's kids, I can see so much support for Gay marriage.
Glad that Apple's new iBooks Author app doesn't just embrace-and-extend ePub, MS-style. Then again, an iPad-specific ebook format? Meh.
Lol, super late.
Thanks for the follow. Right back at ya!
Pretty crazy right now! Gas outages in various parts of town.
and my dear....fairy godmothers have wings~~~~~~ don't you know that? how do u think Mr AOL got 2 ur door!!!!!
Want myself a good ol'
New categories being announced tomorrow!!! TFFOC.org
The 2nd best part of last night besides the win was how amused was by the tussle between the cops and the streaker postgame
I remember getting so mad at people who talked bad about Tim Tebow! hahaha now that's love!
Thank u Lord for everything
i followed last time and didnt get a shoutout -____-' but anyway ok
I've heard they can take months to ship anything. I'd stay away.
Nice to meet you! 1st heard of your co in '02 as a recording clerk, sent your morts to WAUK RoD. Enjoy your radio ads :+D
haha yeah. Allyse finally did it.
Thanks mom for Zombie strippers movie!
im the type of girl that likes to wear shorts, ugh boots, and a sweatshit when its cold outside. <3
95 degree weather happened!
“: I'm at Club Lucky (1824 W Wabansia, Chicago) - thanks for coming in! Hope you enjoy your time!
Glad to hear it's not just me. I gave it my best shot, but I just don't like it. Have a great G+ free weekend.
Because I'm an idiot. Should be
...talking about web presence..type "Cavatappo" in Google-Images and see the results....
Watching George Lopez ;} you?
We must learn to live together as brothers or we will perish together as fools - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
For those who dont know what happened to Sean Kingston, he was hospitalized after a jet ski crash in Miami yesterday and was in critical
Rain rain, go away.
Waiting for food, popup vegetarian Korean place inside the hi ho.
So what's your Pobox now ?
thanks man hope the jams were Good!!
Lol my house light way smackin
shift your culture.
I might put that in my bio.
Our warmest day will be tomorrow as temperatures soar into the 50s. #KSTP Thanks Patrick Hammer.
Why are there no Ancient Rome fiction titles for kids? Lots of Ancient Greece but hardly any Rome. Where are they hiding?
I'm coming to visit you today and you better be there!
keep hitting those skins
#NoEmailDays - encourages users to use voice #communication, gets groups together. Results; reduces email traffic!
Happy thanksgiving! I'm thankful for My Girlfriend Michelle(: I Love You babe!!!
Macy is the best girl on earth. - you know.
China Lodging Group, Limited Appoints New Chief Operating Officer
Not to be rude but, I really don't care.. like, at all.
However you'd like to interpret it really. Just thought it was an interesting question to pose
How can you sleep with the knowledge that you will never be able to read every book in the world.
Yeah!! Let's make that happen!
Freshly painted bedroom. Thunderstorms. Solo (fantastic) vegan dinner. Red wine and magazines. Can I have another Sunday please?
Seeing a female naked is nicesss but seeing the woman u love sleepin in one of your t-shirts is truly beautiful
For my #hrhappyhour friends have you heard the Blessing White survey about how 64% of employees, if given a chance to move jobs, would move?
is that why you joined WIM?😱
Thanks for following !
Of to school to print pictures so I can rip them up and make photo collage. My 5 year old self would be proud.
ITS BEEN AWESOME<3
Getting the early drop on Germanfest in Milwaukee.
Hunger Games with and Mama Akerlund :)
thanks for sharing the event and court theatre!
Happy cinco de mayo!
I'd volunteer, but my hair is too big to fit under a derby hat properly. RT : I need a clone.
seriously spellcheck, how the hell can you not have "tournament" as one of the auto-correct options?
Raiders? Halfway through now, so great. Wonder if it'd get made today?
#MusicMonday Add some artists/comedians that are coming your way!
tasted your chips for 1st time @ Fremont Fair in Seattle this weekend. Really liked them. Feel free to send me samples 4 my store
ure the one who sings, its up to ya to decide, musical notes are ur world, so say out loud what's on ur mind. Haha
miss you my lil nig had to check on you
Per your last caller, I think Miles Davis would make a terrible receiver for the
we love you here!!!! you should come to new jersey!
Thank you for the free cranberry scone this morning!
DC: MAYOR - Imma start listening to yall. At least for the next 12 days! After that, it's business as usual. Stand in line FRAT, U NEXT!
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a wonderful weekend!!
#AnikanSkyWalker never would have become #DarthVader if #Marijuana were
that waffle house tweet is dedicated to the one I love. At least my jam is avon.
Wanna hear a joke about my vagina? Never mind, you'll never get it:)
Does anyone out there still use Lard???
at least it wasn't in studio A live room. :-/
Many foot disorders in #dogs are related to long toenails. Check your dog's nails once a month and trim when necessary, avoiding the vein
the last time i checked, to be cool doesn't mean you have to be a jerk...
#NoMondayIsCompleteWithout the right start to your week with some marketing materials! 5 Free posters with flyer order! 720-542-6105
"This is the #Tunisian Spring...NGOs must have expertise on the unique experience of each country’s revolution“-Ilyes Zine
stay out of trouble
Whats time have to say about it haha
Class 1A: Detroit Lakes will make its first ever appearance at state. South St. Paul is making its 12th, searching for title No. 5.
Poll: How will Virginia football fare against Idaho??
Hope so RT : Will there ever be another: Big L, Scarface, Biggie, Pac, UGK, 50cent, Devin the Dude, Too $hort, Nas??"
My room is so hott!
I don't even know how to use it. All these pound signs.
Now let's see what Kobe talkin about, ya'll have a gnight
Headded to polling place to vote NO on #Amendment1 (and choose among a few dems in primary races).
Ckuz I could spend forever with you.
? Bob, I had a great red blend & my husband Kerry had a bold Cab by the glass! So fun, thanks for the response!
I feel like I just saw Elvis perform.
Sitting in front of a 5 year old who kicked my seat almost the whole flight = birth control.
The email I just read was crazy
I want to talk to my twin!
“ "Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." ~ Denis Waitley”
oh yeah? The food is good I like it.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #sportsteams because we are the reigning Superbowl Champions until Feb 5th.
Ya ex thought his dick was the key to ya hearts treasure chest. I unlocked it with my love and treated u like a princess.
Yes all good for sure
I have no interest in this but if anyone is interested in a hack to get Facebook timelines TODAY, compliments of tcrn.ch/pxT5Jn
Word RT : There's a difference between giving up & knowing when you've had enough.
And there's snow outside, sticking. Wtf * 2
hold up I said that before the series!
bring on summer!
The beginning :-)
Lol RT Music is like candy...you have to get rid of the rappers before it's good.
Jesus has that effect on people
with my homegirl at #best of detroit party. who else is here??
thanks Nancy. I always catch the general session and look forward to Seth Godin's talk
5 books a week - 2 theory, 2 lit, 1 monograph - from now till December. And I am SO PSYCHED. Muji pens and notebooks are at the ready.
GOING TO URUGUAY!!!
go Titans!
Massive headache and I feel like crying :/ wtf
Modern Macrobiotic cuisine...I think my chi is finally in balance.
it was phenomenal. I have it on the dvr. Really hoping stevie wonder & friends is next!!!!
As I get older, I have much less time for drama. Life is way too short and full of worthwhile things to do.
What does that mean? You know I'm not "twit-tastic" yet. Symbols require explanation...
happy birthday love! Miss ya! Have an amazing day!!
How are the winners for sound editing funnier than the host?
please refer to my foursquare checkin
I know!!! I don't know what we're doing. Will def let you know!
and howdy-do!
I already have it planed it's all about the timing
weed patrol nigga
I'm sorta missing the Big 12 championship game. Pretending that Texas-Baylor is for Centex championship (the Barbecue Belt?) instead.
or his craftiness. It will be missed but Felton is a better fit for the future. Smart analysis from a smart blazers fan
Just saw the avengers l
Got 60k at first break, it's a prettygood table.
": Proud of my students' above school average End of Course scores this year!! Woot woot!" Woo!! 😊
You're welcome! Great meeting you last night. Tuesday night Old Miami, I'll be coming around soon.
McDonald's should start driving to us :D
today is a day to thankful for all our family and friends
What do our #Illinois friends think of the firing of Bruce Weber?
well give me the last one ull ever give....:-)
#Huguely attorney says it was "amazingly thoughtless" that they sent medical expert prosecution testimony during trial.
Or DID he? How else do you get Thor and his well-known temper out of the way?
Thus endeth another day in confusion. ~wanders off mumbling...~
We met on a flight f/Chicago to Seattle years ago in the exit row, btw. Surprise trip home for Xmas, hence you riding coach.
Come join the largest #health and #fitness #event on #UNLV campus in history!Join the #Rebels fighting obesity on May 5, 10am-3pm!
Why do hotel irons suck so bad. I just want the wrinkles out...is that too hard to ask!
Thank you for the follow!
Today is my uncle's wedding!!!
Thanks for coming by! RT : Woot!
The food is really good here. I just ate the red snapper. On point! About to have some flan.
I think it's bad luck to wear my #Caps jersey.
NC State Fair is on. Good news, fireworks in my backyard every night! Bad news, fireworks in my backyard every night.
Spent over $100 at the Garden Factory yesterday. Excited to plant stuff but I found out the compost we're using isn't done composting.
This dude in front of me thinks he's so BA cause he can squeal his tires. Stop. You look like an idiot.
Dafuq?? I don't get any of my notifications on here anymore!! :-((
probably, since now it's in the statute of limitations hands now. I just feel awful for those kids though
Aight, are you gonna have someone mix/master your vocals or do you need me to? Theres only 1 verse slot left on this btw.
I'm watching a construction worker walk on a beam of one of the buildings going up. Crazy. Not my kind of balance beam.
I try to put a little defiance in my step when walking through the financial district these days.
I'm going to pretend it was who demanded my halloween pumpkins be on the front page.
Feels like I'm walking with my feet stuck in cement.
Thanks for your interest in I had a great time chatting w/ you!
's CABINET OF EARTHS has a functional family that moves to Paris.
Day 1 of Bamboozle is over! Wrecked shit now time to party (;
#TwoThingsIWant a job & a new car 👍
tell everyone hey I love them and you'll be careful
my father bought me mandolin strings! ok internet. let's do this.
Oh! Don't you know, don't you know? Beautiful, don't you know?
Representative from testifying in support of #COasset: "It raises the prospects of those still in K-12 schools"
Only the world? Whatever...
that's maybe the most annoying tweet ever. and you don't need to re-email me. emails sent to people aren't assignments.
She struggled to gasp out the words, "Can't. Keep.....my....eyes.......ope...n..." and collapsed into his arms..... G'night all
go follow ;D she follow back :D
Big time kickoff return (again) for Oregon - can they capitalize?
here's to staying ahead of the dbacks and/or catching the philies!
RT : RT : Learn from this and take it to the next game, Aztecs. Good game
who are the other fake Alicia's?
Don't tell me what I can't be or wat I'm not good enough to do.
It's SB Cohen's approach to humor more than the films themselves. But the Dictator is pretty damn funny.
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
your mother !
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 7!
Looking forward to it!
Ha! It sure was! It was a buzz-worthy, hot apartment tour ;)
I think she was serious too... smh
I could go to sleep right now.. Hmm
Hey ! Did you see you made it to our business directory in our 1st #ROC rental guide? Pg. 20.
you are dead on about QR codes. Not a fan.
so true!
WORDS TO THE WISE: YOU MAID THE BED YOU OST TO BE THE ONEZZZ TO LIE IN IT - PAT FORD*
I will see if it works. Ty.
Haha! Thank you for doing that, JG!
Thanks for the RT Rachel.
it ends tommorow night :)
Yeah ! ! Tweeting on a treadmill is good for balance too-ha ha. Stopped after 2 or 3 completely misspelled tweets.
Un- and Under-Employment Awaits Many College Grads
": I said nice to see friends, not assholes! You were not in the conversation." An ommission is not a shot!
Summer Shape Up starts today! Are you signed up??
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! I love you mama!! Thank you for putting up with me for 15 years!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!❤❤❤
i don't remember..something from reading..lol
the video for the bobby brown song from ghostbusters 2 features christopher reeve, donald trump, and joey and marky ramone!
Thanks to the Kansas Jayhawks and I had a great shoulder workout.
Wish my students luck as they take the most important test of the year!
Best quotes of the night: "I think mermaids are really making a comeback" "it was stupid retarded!" "is that a calendar?" (no, it's an LP)
Wow! WWDC in less than a week for download, that's impressive!
Bye bye Berken. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.
yeah :p
Who's going to replace Theresa Rebeck on "Smash"? I vote for the dream team of and Paul Rudnick.
Wish I had sombody to cum ova
For some reason, Barage is a cool word lol
Have you seen data on the 130m? I haven't.
okay true...I guess I'll drink water
this, does not surprise me. Bring me home goofy taffy please!
Watching behind the music
Are you kidding me
Graduating from College on Sunday! :)
YOU'RE INSECURE, DON'T KNOW WHAT FOR?
opaque beverages ftw
cuz he's too awesome
Jst Finished Listenin 2 Take Care.. Drake Killed Doe
Im lookin for a ride or die chick not get high and cry bitch
Alternatively, find a London-based UXer who can pass them on. I'd like a full set, pretty please!
Some gifts are big, others are small. Gifts from the heart are the best gifts of all. -Unknown Author
We're doing a shot every time says "douchebag"
Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil Proverbs 3:7
can't wait either gonna be a great series !!!
well thankya! I just want her to have a good guy! And you seem good for her!(:
you two are something else
Girls Who Smoke Weed And Not Ashamed Are Cool...
Honey, I love you has 8 letters, but so does bullshit.
close you mouth ;)
Going to show myself on russian tv NTV at 8am. Moscow you will see me soon!
Good luck at #Wildflower this weekend and !
This 3 hour time zone difference is rough. Gym at 5 AM...looking 4ward to day 2 of the FTSA (Fantasy Sports Trade Association) Convention!
I know I have had issues with my phone Merr
My legs fell off I think
will the cute glass bottles still be available? They are the perfect size and so adorable to carry around.
coffee date with the stalker today...
My relationship with my girlfriend is so gay
I'd still sleep w/my childhood teddybear if he hadn't fallen apart after 30+ years. Got a teddybunny now.Feel no shame! ;-)
The ankle giveth and the ankle taketh and Kate limpeth
Congrats! It'll be Sunday afternoon for me. RT : Itinerary finally complete for #mlanet12 ! That took a lot out of me...
I love you so, but why I love you? I'll never know!
hehe okay thank you so much lovee< i will NOT stop emailign her...until it happenes.<3 ICONiacz can do ANYTHING Together<3
Hey Tony can Zamir drink you under the table?
At the game???
Chapter 2012 Page 71 of 366 I want my hour back! Maybe I should make the best of the 23 I still have
LOVE! RT : Affirmations are to a child like rain to a seed.... More of it results in growth. 2 much can drown a soul
oh derp haha. I thought it was may. Not march.
yeah that was at my school..the new principal is ridiculous
Yes it ties into monthly mobile Apps series. Also choose app (cooking or other) based on topic/audience.
So its telling that I barely knew any of the artists last year but know almost all of them this year; been hanging out with college students
Ha!!! They are just a truly great band and that was great.
I get mean after 6 beers, sweet after 12, horny after 18, horny again after 24, and very sleepy after 30.
just saw 17 again. "bi itch.....please" Zac ef u moron....
haha will do.
Haha on it! “: get BK back on twitter & livetweet the mayhem I hear you two are about to cause in LA!”
Simon Sikorski MD from NYC. Beating up docs who are not participatory on daily basis :)
HEY DALLAS CHRIS BROWN CONCERT, ARE YOU READY TO PARTY WITH US ON OCTOBER 22ND? Follow for more info/chance to win a ticket
I can't do that. Sorry
Long day at work? Come unwind at #Fridays! It's #DJ Night and Little B will start spinning your favorite hits at 9pm!
Super Cup about to start Real Madrid vs. Barcelo
Superfluous and impertinent, Ned
Blasting gay ass music on the 405
#OWIF: It's cold on this raft. I'll huddle under the fish to keep warm.
do we still have dance on Monday or are we in singing?
Playing with new twitter app
Universally making my way through the multiverse.
not mowing though...
Gonna chill with my friends later. :3
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. - Socrates
Just now waking up from my nap!
DONE Dealing with Mediocrity! From this day forward I will never be taken advantage of again. Giving the Gift of Goodbye to crabs & vampires
If you need something to do follow me! I follow back!
Writing my heart out.
dude!! Are you playing at Snoqualmie right now?!?!????
Hells yeah! Just found out I'll be rollin down to Nashville in 2 days - OVC!
Morning all!
thanks boo! Couldn't have done it without you.
Bart is the real deal...class act
Maybe Siri likes hot spacho anyone ever thought about that?
Just came from lunch!, and the teacher is screaming, I feel like walking out!!!!!
- It's great that you are a small company! You have your very own 3 Tenors! Toi, toi on your upcoming #laughtertearscurtain!
The #Orioles have the best record in Major League Baseball.
insightful thanks
OR GIVE INTO PEER PRESSURE
So..get ready!
If something good can come from bad, the past can rest in peace.
Texting "haha" because you're too lazy to text a smiley face.
Can Rory continue his record breaking pace today?
..supposedly predicted when the major changes in the future would happen in the world. He used a code form the Chinese I Ching.
hell some dogs make more money than either n occasion! I agree w u. But who cares!! MSM find smthin to do
diggin the background!
Just tried to book a ticket for DCA-DFW for Sun-Mon. $1,709.60 for non refundable coach? Really ? Tell me that's not USD.
To my fellow teeps that r sensitive 2 changes n the weather, I propose a toast to sunny days. Hear, hear!
Just tell me its u
#Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
In the end it's not the years in your life that count; it's the life in your years
Shading the air-conditioning unit can increase its effectiveness by 10 percent
Watching golf and my dad says " I bet had a unibrow when he was younger" #who knows
can I he a follow bac.?
Service Specialists of Dane County posted on their website they installed a furnace 6 days before the explosion. Story soon at madison.com.
FOREVER LOVING AUSTIN MAHONE, JUSTIN BIEBER, ONE DIRECTION BABY <3 all three are huge inspirations to me.
#popularinthe90s pop punk baby
she's ok to look at
Lisa, sent you 2 emails b/c no info abt the event came through - so I don't know where/when/what event this is for
But you liked it ;D
uh its your fault lol
Authentic learning in space inspires STEM learning: cmp=SOC-SHR-TW via
Rick Santorum is the number 2 candidate for the Republican party. Seriously..no punchline. This guy could be the candidate.
RT if you want me to write your name on #TVD4ever list
Brinker's logic seems horribly flawed. Sen. Boxer was right "we weren't born yesterday."
magic time
my a Capella singing :D
You can't possibly get bored on the treadmill when you're watching TV, chatting with friend, listening to your fave jam, or reading!
That is a goal or at least should be.
Just looked through my phone's pictures and suddenly stared missing
Raining for the first time in 2 months. Fall is here. Better get that table saw out of the backyard and close the skylights.
In Hermitage.
Still in the bed thinking what to eat wa Good morning Jesus have a blessed day everyone!.
yes! Looks great! I'll be at the shop tomorrow then gone thurs-sun and back the whole next week
lmfao, now she wants me to apologize to her. Lol, naa.
looks gorgeous on Bly-ray. Just one of those movies that having a 7 month old means I missed! Really enjoying it.
Thanks for the #FF Juliet! <3
wade just mad the heat about to go fishing soon and he knows it lol
Hey 5'5" guy at DFW with the 2 inch heels on your dress shoes: it's not helping, 5'7" isn't much better just embrace it.
Location is everything. The Boathouse deck is amazing -- sunset over the river and downtown. Thanks for the drink
If you believe in God, then why wouldn't He be your best friend?
So much for it being nice outside. Where did that dang sun go?
Let's all keep in mind that this gentleman used to be the budget director for President George W. Bush. BUSH. BUDGET.
thank you!!! :D
RT : High-water mark for DC sports since when? Caps to second round, Nats MLB best, Skins to draft RG3. Natives, speak up!
dude I left already
haha, I though that was a steering wheel.
Forgot to add that she was across the tracks from him; so, he was literally hollerin'
Yes! Your illustrations would be amazing in a children's book! I'd love to do that someday. :)
RIP #ElizabethTaylor I will be watching one of your movies later tonight in your honor
DAMN THE STORE IS MAD PACKEDD. I've nvr seen new yorkers freak out tht bad. I'm from new orleans this aint nothin but a lil rain ;)
is my photo still sideways? Come to Denver and help me fix it!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
I'm on twitter 95% of the time. It seems like that 5% of the time, decides to do following sprees.. o..
Its a sad day for the 76ers
#cheatersalwayssay. How rockstars cheat. Reverse psycology. ' U have an STD? Who u been fuckin'? Knowing there the 1s who gave it to u.
Of all kitchens I've taken pics in or restaurants I've enjoyed, 's is the most gracious and kind. Excellent meal!
This sun feels great..!!
ha thanks!
#natgas disclosure is taking place on private and public lands...
RT Never got a text from you... Me neither ... LOL
At Champions Barbershop, we'll be rolling with you guys til the very end! Keep going hard, championships are coming!
Packing and prepping to head to Phoenix, 7am flight, ouch! This is going to be a fun episode for the food network, my job is tough on...
Looking for a web marketing consultant in south florida, not a agency. Please message me for more info. Thnks
Ah this nigga got caught spooning with his girl....
Happy New Year world!!! FYI, The Walking Dead on AMC is awesome! Just watched the marathon.
do yall fruit?
Ugh when will roku get mls?
Joker, "No, no, no I kill the Bus Driver."
Dear , Can Youu PLEASE Follow Me ? Sincerely ,An #ICONiac Ps..... PLEASE It Would Really Mean A LOTT !
The new #Xmen movie was pretty good! Go see it.
Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . ♥
Productive day but.... I don't know
See you and cameras tomorrow around 1:30pm I am on the non-stop Alaska Airlines flight from Portland, Oregon! :)
Out with old in with the new:)
You have to assume something really screwed up is going on in Larry Sanders personal life. Guy has become a raging asshole on the court.
Thats never a good sign!
thanks for the RT!
#MobPriv I feel like "my views alone" should become conference default, and ppl should tell us otherwise. Anyone with me on that?
Twice I've almost been hit by cars while in the crosswalk this morning. Twice! The second car had monster truck wheels. Very scary.
and I think it has to be a great experience, much more than just a responsive presentation of content
Potential booking for a neighborhood festival. Hey, we play all kinds of shows, we're not shy.
Yeah, there's at least 30. :)
word on that
how are ya?
RT Anyone know if MILF WRANGLERS 6, volume 2 will make any sense if you didn't see volume 1?
do u like cheeta print alot
Today's magic words are Bellyaching and Zungguzungguguzungguzeng
Hey! We're doing free zine workshops all day today and tomorrow Holiday Fair! What a coincidence!
I'm a dumb bitch
Jim, thanks much, man!
yeah, considering the quality of UX with Convore, i don't put much stock in Grove.
I need to do something! Now that I tweeted it, the symptoms are getting worse.... *coughsniffle*
In tears 😥
The squirrel in the ceiling seems to be doing gymnastics above my head. I need to figure out how to give him Xanax.
please follow me!!!!!!!!! it would mean the world to me
Packer party next Saturday? and I's TCD holiday party was moved up to 3:00.
Happy Birthday, Sugar *smooches*
Thanks again #DcTech With your help we were able to buy 24 netbooks for our students! You guys are awesome.
Heading out for Christmas shopping and to find a Christmas tree with my family! Doesn't get better than this :)
Thanks for following us (great profile pic, BTW) ...
Pipe broke. The malls flooding. Happy mothers day! Haha.
IVY: Does the digital humanities contribute to hiring problems, consider it's carbon footprint? These are the negatives that must be faced.
you better ♥
thanks for sharing!
ha, I'll likely be pretty inebriated myself. If you see me though please say hi!!!
Not the best game I've played but whatev, another game tomorrow
Cooking with green teas is so delicious..almost wouldn't think it's good for you.
Houstón has got the smarts
I hate that for ya
and your amazing fans got it trending. #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
We're talking about the new casino opening Monday. Will you go? Will it be an asset to downtown Cleveland?
I usually keep mine on vibrate. ...
Lol RT: ": GR8 women's final 4...each school has won a national title.”
Thankss!(; i like your name to!(;
Chinese takeout wolfed down. Now it's time to record some BOTS magic!
Haha. Oh really now? And when was this?
The Scottish Government provided £200,000 to the Scottish Language Dictionaries this year to publish an updated Concise Scots Dictionary.
Do you think Bahd will be able to fill in #Applebaums shoes?!
Finding the median can work well when looking at teacher salaries.
yes! Wednesday! Tomorrow! Hope to see you there
Being sick <<<<
Not sure I want to watch a tight rope walker walk across our Inner Harbor in Baltimore live on TV and possibly fall- ugh!
#EarthHour is this Saturday, March 26 at 8:30pm, local time. Will you be joining?
omg I literally just teared up remembering that part :c
Trying to get him to wear shades on stage, too... RT The drummer is named Night Dog!? Turn down the cool a little bit PCP!
I love Thomas' popping skills! He is a beast! (:
Your most fav'd tweet is about giving a BJ. That's feminism? Making yourself a sex object? Don't lecture ME about misogyny, little lady.
Heading to Woodburn to join the coverage of the 4-alarm fire at the high school. at 4,5,&6.
The plan is to leave Pro Tools running, because I want to make as many tracks as I can everyday.
Should be a good game! Glad the #PAC10 is representing at the #MauiInvitational this year.
Finally Friday! Looking forward to #WallandWater in tonight! (cc )
#ChiCultural2012 Groups now sharing there breakout session work.
Theyre not beating us in talent theyre beating us in team work
Thanks For The Follow Back :D You're Amazing (:♥
Last minute Mother's Day card? Drop in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!...
Went to the gym, ate horrible-for-me food, shopped with Chloe, now it should be bed time. My body aches, but that's probably a good thing.
Smdh... I did NOT hear my alarm dis mornin... Now im late 4 work.... Smh
What fun are good excuses?!
The Adamouski will forever promote the visual individual. spring edition art competition now said to start Feb. 20th
what's up, Dorothy Parker?
Tonight may call for some heavy drinking
That aerobic video has my mind gears spinning.
Any excuse to take an like a #DCfashion-ista to hang with , , , , & !
Be gentle and patient with elderly and arthritic pets during the winter when the cold can affect their joints. Make sure to keep them warm.
Barcelona goal. Only a matter of time after reading many people say "Chelsea holding their own pretty well." That's the death toll.
Hi my name is Harold Miller and I am a out of work taxi cab driver here in San Francisco 415-841-0840 www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
Buzzard again, now im just becoming predictable..
Avila!! love that guy so much!!
I very strongly dislike Bo Ryan. He always looks so surprised and mad.
Video: Is this real life? Is this just custody? Alberta man belts out Bohemian Rhapsody in cop car
me too! It's annoying.
Are people concerned w/ jobs outnumbered by those who are not (bcuz they get handouts)? They don't care if US becomes next Greece.
easy bra, a wins a win.
nice! so lucky
Thank you so much! This is amazing,!♥ (:
how was your day, josh?
D&C also calling it for Doorley over Taylor. Just four districts to go and she's up by 20,000.
would get this last tweet. Hahhaha.
At East Village mayoral debate. This could be interesting.
Clearly you didn't drink enough. Karaoke requires a 12-drink minimum.
Even if I dont go to the final tomorrow I have a B-, so anything I do get is just bonus points...
Hahaha, I don't think there is any possible way for us to make that up to you
yeah! Haha I hope! I just gotta start looking instead of being a bum xD
Can't sleep °-°
Why thank you, and very glad to hear : )
Is it acceptable to say "I hate people who crictize Beyonce"? :)
Many times in ours lives we may be a fool, act a fool, play a fool, or even love a fool but 1 of the worst things we can do is STAY A FOOL!
They are! Hope you were able to swing in for some. If not, we have a few cocoa-dusted ones left...
Thanks Jack - you're the best!
Beginning of a new work week..... How much can I learn?
Will do! RT : Please let me know when is your next charity event. I was informed last minute about today
lmaoo this girl who got a waterproof camera just so she could take pictures of herself in the shower. O___o smhhhhhh who does that
3 hour naps after school >
“ Always people without money claiming money wouldn't change them” wait til they get some
Ha. I dont even have any friends who are girls anymore. Screw this shit. Its fucking ridiculas.
Nice touch - RT : The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
Braiding My Hair For School.. Hope It Looks Okay! ;)
What a ridiculous show. No starch? Is this 1954? And that awful girl and her slop actually won? A travesty.
I'm afraid you'll never love me like I love you .
RT RT The most underrated and underappreciated natural resource in the world is the Black woman!
Exactly. My historian and I face significant biblio challenges. I'm just glad I trashed all the CD jewel cases. Little steps.
What a tremendous accomplishment to have written a book! Congratulations!
Yes, UW will rely on defense this year for sure. Offense has been inconsistent. Try to replicate Butler's success
Playign at Silver Star in Alvarado, TX tonight! One of our favorite dancehalls to play. Woo Hooo!
hm? i wonder :/
haha they were lucky to make the first two cups!!!
haha! we appreciate you indulging our humor! :) the race is actually the day b4 on june 25 @ 8am so you can enjoy BOTH equally!
Celebrate the success of others. Bring people up - not down! ~ Barbara Jean
this is your daily ego boost: You're incredible!! <3
just joined #pinterest..... aside from having no clue WTF is going on, there is no category for music?? ....stupid
I hope it pours today. Haven't seen a storm in months.
haha...I guess that's what happens when it tweets from a Facebook post. I should be more aware.
Without a doubt dUKe, although they may end up as a 1 seed.
I can never shave the back of my leg because the hair grows in like five different directions:P
The #Patriots select defensive back Tavon Wilson from Illinois.
What's your favorite movie so far this year?
Jerry, the main bro c:
OMG I CANT WAIT UNTIL I GET MY SHIRT
$500 a rack for 1hr show damn chris brown
come kick it brah! lol at your pic. 1. because is drinking water. 2. because u have your keys clipped to ur beltloop
I was.
i'm down with someone from the Maury show, not Jerry Springer (cc:
I kind of figured that lol
My family is a bunch of douchebags.
Roy for England, I say!
Want to see me do a broadcast COMPLETELY STONED? -- I'm live in 8 minutes on ZenLive.tv
hey I need a favor
Happy Friday!!
#NowPlaying Collage / I'll be loving You
i just wanna reach and conquer my happy place in life that's all..
Apologies to those who got spam from me, my acct was hacked & I was unaware til today! Should be fixed now, please let me know if not.
Depression hurts, cimbalta can help.
RT way to go suck jackets! That's 3 hours of my life ill never get back!
everybody hey i miss ya all
Not everybody lives but everybody dies!
didn't see the broadcast but you're one of the finest in sports broadcasting -- keep it up. A historic day for baseball!
Meet a fabulous group of artists from NY to Texas + follow all RT. Thanks!:)
I cannot thank the family enough, we truly are a family! And we have unbelievable things coming. You won't want to miss this.
To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow.
Hey Tom! Continuing to work on digital schoolhouse a little and messing around with JavaScript and some node.js. You?
dang it I must have been knocked out cuz I dont remember :-(
Looking forward to dinner and drinks tonight!
#wla12 smart panel on the future of libraries. School librarians are also teachers of teachers.
okay :) love you very much!! I hope the internship is treating you well
That hawkins guy is not haughty or aloof -- he loves a crowd, will not disappoint!
If we have pizza again I'm gonna flip
Thanks to for all the great tweets on #wswrc12. I couldn't attend, and you and your fellow tweeps shared the high points.
Kasteel Rouge... Dang.
J'adore! RT I love the Grand Autumn - 2 US rye, 1 , 3/4 lime, ginger beer, and a few drops of Angostura.
yay! Finally you guys are coming back to Indy!!
That we can get together and make beautiful music each doing there best at their individual part.
Just firget the beeping yall too late.
It really does. I've got a cycle, resistance tubes, free weights, 15lb kettlebell.
I need to find me a man who can dance!
delay or play we still booze
A restful, rainy evening. Wifey back tomorrow evening. Can't wait. Bro cooked a wonderful fish dinner.
Looking good for mothers day mass
I wish every day was like this
At #SocialTV Summit, says is first official partner to help brands monetize content.
Thinking about all my venom girls graduating 
Good call! See ya there!
I just put all my sweaters away and brought out the sundresses. If it snows tomorrow you can blame me.
The NYC Publishing tour continues tomorrow. This is really happening...
I've gone 5 miles in 30 minutes. Good thing I have !
I'm pretty sure the phrase "centered around" is an oxymoron. Just in case you start to wonder why I'm not using it.
Thats a ducked up
On the road! Headed to Disneyland with the kids!
OK :DD Sorry I have been busy but im going to read your story now
Ordered some green Adidas Samoa for my lil brother...super cute
Congrats to you and Gi! ❤ who's gonna be next!?
your amazing <3 i love you, your so sweet and nice , i hope i meet you one day , i will be a fan till the day i die .NSN <3
Why can't the womens team unload a trailer by themselves? Simple: they aren't boatmovers.
pucker up, buttercup... ;-)
good news received, part 4 of 5. one more to go...
I'll get out of Seattle sooner or later and start living my life .
RT : My girl friend hates the amount of time I spend playing fantasy sports.
Happy st. Patrick's Day
Someone get on a plane to vegas & just come visit me.
may need to make a trip to BOS so we can drive up to hill farmstead. It's in the middle of nowhere.
Enjoy your ideas and your wishes because they are the babies of your soul, the plans of your ultimate achievements.
Oh that's why I don't drink like that anymore! Glad I had a reminder before next weekend. I work too hard to abuse my body that bad.
Nothing like the your 1st day off of the week I aint doing shit today but relaxing
My tattoo is coming along pretty sexy ! Keep in the lookout. lol
Got home from school about an hour ago. watching tv and i am really bored...
i miss you so bad, i miss you so bad, i miss you so so bad
So yeah its 's birthday and yeah you should spam her mentions.<3
The only hurdle is money to build to replace our aging library.
Thanks for the follow. My late husband was a drag racer. What is a twitter coach?
I like them proportionately to the order they came out. Funny how that works.
just be prepared to go deaf (x
congrats! When's the due date?
Help GULA rally thursday 8-11am for fight the zero on capitol hill
That's still spoiling her!!
I was gonna send a tweet out to help get u more followers then saw graphic designer... Whaa!?! :)
Thanks for the follow!
What? You are comparing Trayvon Martin's death to abortion? You are off base rt now, using this to draw attention to abortion?
hey lil brother! How r u? Much luv, hugs!!!
You are doing fine Stan, I have been a fan of yours for years, and I am very glad to see movies made out of your comics.
is there a Trance Energy equivalent in North America?
Are you a writer or a brand?
Today is your day to take charge and not be scared of success. Success is your friend; fear is your enemy.
And Wade would like to have those two cents of yours please
“Your relationship with God is more important than anything because you know for sure that's a relationship that will last forever.”
Food looks GREAT! We are in the 100s here now too...Have a great run...hopefully it is pretty cool for you :)
says, "Take small, specific actions towards your bigger purpose." What small step can you take today?
obviously Anna and Bates! How could you not?
Good VP Biden interview with Bob Schieffer now on CBS "Face The Nation." - JDG
What's a hashtag? LOL!! QT : Looking good guys!
In 30 min it's goodbye AT&T & hello A very sad but happy day. start my new job on Monday. Can't wait. C u there
ahh finally all moved in to my new place :)
I get to see you in less than 24 hrs to celebrate beautiful YOU!!! So excited! :D
Wisconsin public library visits per week average 676,000 - more than the entire season attendance at Packer home games of about 566,000!
": I am buggin" we see you!
#FF , , , , . Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
sure.he says thank u
THAT'S IT! RT : Cant help think SMEs have a knack for bringing out the most dreaded L&D SME in us ;)
To all the Knicks fans out there. I am apologizing now for when my MIAMI HEAT destroys you in this series
is it summer yet
The only reason you don't want "it" anymore is because you can't have it...
stfu! I was enjoying my self!
Heading to the lab on this beautiful day#bay area stand up
Thanks for following! Look forward to reading your posts about
new mix coming so soon, cant wait to release it!
Bengals waive former Redskins OG Chris Riley (failed physical).
well I'm down with any of the three.
When boys copy u in a high pitched voice. I never go a day with out that happening..
When someone says, " don't take this the wrong way. " There is a 100% chance your not gonna like what they say.
Love the dress!!!
Im so sleepy. Tossed and turned all night
I Today is working on another novel called "The Well" I have typed 82 pages on it. It is right now in the 9th Chapter. So It is more then
Vendor on the street tried to kick our dog treating it like a soccer ball. These guys sell their mdse pay no taxes then try to kill a dog?
" if it were not for the great variability among individuals, medicine might as well be a science and not an art. " - Sir William ostler
Awesome Chinese celebration today at Hackley school!
Falling asleep... gets a text message... gets iPhone... FB with one eye open... checks Twitter... ok sleep, let's give this another shot...
I know I'm sexy... thanks!
attended Long Beach Heritage awards on tonight with great company and learned a lot about the architecture of the city. fun!
Just got home from the grizz game and just hanging out. Go grizz a nice win.
yes it's where is! Everyone asks that when I mention #Hoboken - I'll have to try it! Cc:
listen to 9-9:30am "My song is better than your song" contest & challenge somerville mayor
Thank you for ur meals that matter program! Saw u on this am - way to make a difference!
Go to parent workshops! Share your knowledge and add tools to your toolbox. Kids don't come w/ manuals but they should!
Just finished presenting my paper on Luke Cage at NCBS. John and Sundiatta rocked their papers. So much good scholarship on comics!
Every day is better than the one before... :-)
My son is the most adorable thang in the world ~!
Are any Adobe users switching to the #CreativeCloud? The subscription price is close to the upgrade cost for CS6 Master Collection
Wishing I had someone to share this PB&J with.
Who's ready for Halloween?? Let's see those costumes!! Looks I'm going as !!!
“: Alarming Stat! has more homers than Pujols!
how r ya
Just watched #jillianmichaels dispense some awesome life advice 10 feet away from me.
Steam bunnin and slurpin all day! Yum!...cant wait :)
Got some free ice cream today and now it's all over my shirt.
Sitting back drinking Green Tea listening to "Humming" by Portishead.
I'll work on that. I also have flashlights.
Damn Detroit! Running really late today, lol! Now back to the real world..had a great time!! You were awesome ! Xoxo
Cooking dinner for the first time since Thursday. I had that many leftovers.
Rainy day. Perfect day to be lazy but instead I'm running errands
Finally going to bed. Happy new year everybody!
#OneThingIDontLike people that brag about everything they get .
Yayyy is announcing how we can be part of their album today!! :)
happy mothers day. I'm happy I found your Twitter. It makes me laugh.
Love that song.
Then a few days later I was back down and it would drop again
I planned out summerfest week! Get excited!
Don't kill the little ones. The jail time is not worth it.
Joey and kiki working today, better get your Halloween stuff before it is all gone....BOO!
Some people just really know how to disappoint..
Ugh #Dodgers tie 3-3 with the
so so! I'm back in NY. How was your bday?
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 1
professionally or personally? Why? Do you think men are being to whiny about this topic?
Soon we will find if #herpes cuts the mustard. RT : Ryan Braun has his say in NYC - but will it make any difference?
Done alot of things i aint so proud of took alot of turns that turned out wrong but i will survie(:
haha yeah i love it too! But what i told you about today was by far the most awkward convo i ever had
You know something is really wrong when you ask a question and get an idk as a response
I know where that line came from.
Is that Bronson Arroyo or Walter Johnson out there tonight?
your the King
Seriously Haunted will seriously be my favorite song ever. My dream still is to sing it live with Taylor!:)
what's more exciting TV than sudden death at the Masters??? go Bubba!!!!!!!!!
My family drives me crazy
that's good... What are your plans for next year
Maybe is for babes
what can you do? At least she didn't flash anyone today.
she supa wrong fa dat she far from wifey
I'm unfollowing people who aren't following me :)
you were so funny! My friend Lauren is sporting you In The Pocket pin.
You working ACL?
Will do! Thank you :-)
if ya want
Glad you could make it! RT : great turnout, food, & guest speaker Mayor Barrett at the annual membership meeting
Happy Halloween!!! Did anyone see the time-lapse video of Googlers carving immense pumpkins in the middle of Googleplex?
Keep it under 7 minutes, Peggy!
even though I'm mad at them and don't think they can handle the Heat, wouldn't be amazing if Indy did beat them!
And don't forget to use your TTU email!!
Everyone pray for me to get this new job I'm interviewing for this week....
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
He writes his plays for the ages~the ages between five and twelve. ~ George Nathan (about George Bernard Shaw)
Lots of breast feeding footage on tonight...
I like it! RT Don't just blog. Be a "founder" of a new idea. Idle thoughts + action bring "founder" status.
I'm here boo :)
hahahha i knew that's what u were thinking....who said u can't be a famous presenter and still love Bluey enough to chase him lol
what's good for lunch today?
Heard on the street today: Loewe's is pulling out of the "25th St. Station" project. That ship is taking on water & listing badly - sink it!
Oh my gosh, I have to tell you about my dream. A couple of weeks ago I had a dream involving a pazookie and Nick Wheeler.
Wishing i had more time in the day to learn after affects and photoshop :(
Taco johns was a bad choice for lunch
via - "4 reasons ppl play games: to compete, to achieve, to socialize, to explore. Could also be 4 purposes of ed?"
Most of the time running club game is the equivelant to being a dancing monkey
You've just given me my new Twitter blurb!
Getting stoked for and the rest of on tonight!
Today is Opening Day for the San Diego Padres. Who's excited?
Wisconsin: June 2nd just opened up for booking! House concert? Venue? Shoot me a message if you're interested in this last minute opening.
Thanks so much. You have a great day as well :)
Are YOU working towards your dreams? Focused on what you WILL accomplish? Preparing yourself to WIN?
Up on the early side..... Work at 8!
sounds fun.. I need to do that soon.
nice, planned on going as well. see you there.
Not a developer, but working on similar questions (maybe) about publishing. Would love to connect.
Such a talented kid that has been devastated by injuries.
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.~Author Unknown
Off To Colorado!!
Take me to that old familiar place.
love is friendship set on fire
Love it! Makes me MORE excited to go to Auburn this weekend
So funny, aren't they? :)
told ya
Why does everything happen to me! LMAO!
AT&T but my contract has expired. I'm torn...seems pro/cons for both.
Aw if you ever need to talk I'm always here for you!
of course! :)
they're so much fun!! I had to go with the big one tho...as much coffee as possible this morning LoL
Hey Joe
I know! Now my hubs has his iPhone "Police Scanner" app on. Not sure if I want to hear what's going on...
We're open! #GWU come check out ZeBi on the in Ames Hall. Open from 8-630. Time to get
Like a bosh.
Just because your shit got rocked, that doesn't mean you can bash on other people.
About to try ! See what all the buzz is about.
I love this! Wish there was music in downtown 'burgh every day!
today must not be my day I have been messing up all day long
Youll never know until you try . . . . Fuck what a nigga thank lol
lol , my feelings exactly about the Bieber..
bought it ,love it, creating tee designs to it. Thanks for producing a great album. You guys took it up 5000 notches!
Ha ha! I only worked with the dogs!
SOL•SKETCHES™ is HONORED to have ARTWORK included in the BROOKLYN MUSEUM JAZZ TRIBUTE TO THE GURU (GANGSTARR/JAZZMATAZZ) -- If you in NY, l…
never answering your calls again -.- when you need me!
Idgaf pickles are still good to have this late at night.
Happy Valentines Day y'all! Heading Downtown Huntington Beach to Celebrate #SingleAwarenessDay S.A.D! Get at Me!
my day was super productive!!!!
She's adorable tho
Working on a Valentine's Day playlist for Student Services. Any requests?
Jonathan Holloway now giving Leon Forrest keynote lecture about black scholars & memory in the age of black studies.
thank YOU for making us ur destination in Chicago. Come back soon ;-)
I'm in the Poconos :)
Rock you like ya back ain't got no bone wtf
If interested, I'm dickieroc in Dice with Buddies.
Is this s--t real, should i kiss youu? After all the things that we've been through, i gotchuu, yeah, look what you've done for me now ♥.
Off to set to play with vampires today :-)
Major sounds coming out 34th street underground...creepy
The "liberal media" where Tony Perkins gets daily cable news bookings
I just eye fucked the shit outta him
Me & 's Birthday Bash Celebration June 2nd at Club Drake so yall come out and roc wit us with
you think so? Wanna go?
Dam la is hot loving it
Thanks for visiting #Emerge again Keeping us on our toes!
P.s. is cooler than me, but he didn't need to get a new iPad to prove it
Make sure to brush your teeth after all those #ValentinesDay treats and sweets!!
Hope the 2nd half is better. You gotta feel like United will get an equalizer at some point if they learn to attack. Take it to City
What do you say when your MIL says "that's her mode of apparatus?"
I'm calling all girls "grah" for some reason....don't know why, but I like it
Determining legitimacy of authority requires an education of the truth; this is a natural right to all members of mankind
Giving a tutorial on live streaming today - would probably be a good idea to shave beforehand
still cool? R u there? Working? So your thing..
What's your favorite sport?
To succeed in life is just like climbing. You've got to get out on a ledge, take calculated risks and keep on moving until you reach the top
More for the patriotic chocolate lover in your life: Dina's Organic, E Guittard, Gnosis, Gotta Eat Sweets & Payard from across America.
#iwishyouknew about Obama's socialist, America hating friends because all the info is there to see.
That is, without a leash. With a leash, who knows?
Would love to get a pic of us together....
Bet! Startin the summer off right!
Firealarm going off at lincoln park wholefoods...and im sitting in my car on the roof!
Indeed .: "Happy girls are the prettiest"
DID YOU WATCH DRAGONBALL Z GROWING UP I WANT TO KNOW!!!!!
The sky seems small if it is looked at the bottom of the well.
Thanks for the mention!! :-)
I'm in a bittersweet kinda mood .. No clue what's happening just going with it.
Were kids always so wise or is this a special batch we have here?!
have fun!...I'm staying in the boone condo this weekend! It's awesome
Okay, time to get out the car, let's see what going on inside
Found the flash card. Going to put on socks and boots and go take some snow pics.
so far the CMA's red carpet is horrid. Sandra Lee is the only one dressed for the occasion. this is what i'm seeing from getty images.
Hell ya! CU wins baby! Great game
o. Are they ok??
Watching the Lakers play the Mavericks is like watching the final fight in Rocky Balboa.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Who loves you when you need them is your family." ~Troy Dunn
working on a new book with trouble shooting for machine quilters...all the tips that quilter's love
What you doing sexy
do you only play playstation or do you have a 360 too? its hard to explain it would be better to show you.
geez louisiana
Honestly about to just step back and say beg for help.. I want to go back 2 months ago. Things were
Hope u enjoyed ur easter boys and gals! We finally made an instagram! Follow us via SixStorieaTold
PLEASE tell me what I missed then. I think all us #RetakeMassEffect people wish we could find the answers we're clearly not seeing
roots will be closed today in observance of our veterans.
Yep. Super moon = super day.
Woot! RT : That is awesome to have another fan\user at SWA!
When you believe "I can do it," the "how to do it" develops.
ROTFLMAOO! S/O to for saying that HBIC means "Hot beautiful ..ehhh...Intelligent ehhh" WOw
Long time reader/fan. Would like to get your opinion on A.Smith's champ game. Appeared to miss 2 throws, wr's no seperation.
I heard next weekend at Coachella they are bringing Hugh Heffner back from the dead in hologram form to introduce Snoop & Dre to the crowd.
What's going on good people??? I want to thank all my new followers on my twitter...
RT : What about Nelson and Sitton?" - I think they're on the fringe of that status along with Raji. All very good.
Doing a persuasive speech on abolishing the BCS system in college football.
Wednesday night nudie runs to new dorm
oh shoot, do I have to start working from home?
Man in Portland Trailblazers wifebeater singing barry white
#THATCamp Bay Area to be held in SF, Oct 9-10, 2010. Follow for more info, coming soon.
There are certain things I will not admit on the internet.
let me know what you need! Thanks!
I was wondering if everyone was asleep in my house or they just totally left me home alone like always, but I just heard something..
The true test of inner strength is finding both stalls occupied."
True haha. Its a bit big.
Wow, 11 days to get a "resolution" from paypal on a case that the merchant (Apple) resolved the day of. Paypal sucks.
Enjoyed a great lunch at Mom's Siam with :) Thanks Casey
I'm excited for you ! :)
Miss thang , why even have a twitter ? If all your gonna do is bitch about people & YOUR problems . NO ONE CARES.
Hey girlie, i miss you here helping me with scripts!!
wow, that was it, huh? lol. i think their box office return was from one person--glad I know who it is now!
we will write-up a blog post on the #amahouston nonprofit mobile marketing workshop early this week for you!
On twitter twisting up AT THE SAME DAM TIME !
#nowplaying Joey DeFrancesco and Danny Gatton. Forgot the name of this album but what a duo! Favorite.
How do you feel about your companies current hiring process? Good? Bad? Needs improvement?
Had an ok day didn't snap on nobody today now it's time to sleep
i hear u. Lol
My girl is insane.... but it's all right....
*grins* I'm great thanks you?
Sweet seats!
Aww. Nice dogs!
I'm starving :s
Delighted customers are the best sales force. Focus on those you can provide superior value.
“: #FunWestFact I don't really like being light skinned. I love being in the sun and getting golden bronze”<~ SO!
#NP ft. - What It Look Like
i dont want to even hear it my friend
Very well said.
I don't know the rules but sure haha
My apologies for the strange messages. My account was apparently compromised. I believe it is now fixed.
It's going to be a beautiful day...and I've got to spend it in the library.
“When Good Design is Used for Evil”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Anna Eaglin,
who ya got, Lesnar or Reem?
M.I.A
i remember when you asked me, i was so happy i ran up to matthew and tackled him, i told him i so happy my eyes were watering up.
My Twitter Fans: Follow them all!!!
seriously, though. I don't think you can commit long term based on previous performance. Gotta see his 2012.
Had a great workout! and I worked our butts off!
Hey stranger! You going to be at SX? Would love to catch up.
I had such a great time this weekend! <3 even tho you didn't write to me;)
My butt seriously hurts so badly.
going out to dinner with my sister and playing one direction really loud mwahaha
Welcome to Twitter, !
will be dancing with Jane Lynch (Glee) in the opening number of the 2011 Emmy's this Sunday at 5pm PT on Fox!
The voice israel ? :)
is standing on his head
A's still 7 games under .500 apparently the fans don't understand that fact still, good times!!!
Come on, man, I'm counting on you. I'm sure as hell not going to read it.
i want tickets x
I honestly don't know. I was more in a Miles Davis mood at the time
I would have paid just to see RDJ and Loki make out for two hours.
proof society doesnt completely suck! lol
#Movember day one!
What a day at #w2e! Looking forward to #ignitenycx!
You're all lushes.
...perhaps that's your subconsciousness saying "Go to the Chocolate Chisel"
I'm taking time to thinkin i Don't think it's fair for us to turn around and say goodbye
Stevie G & T-Pot put the jinx on the Hornets yesterday:(((( Call them at 3 and give them hell
Thank you Angie. And a Happy Hump Day to you as well.
Here’s to your perfect weapon,
good bye & good night all!! ;-)
Thank you! :)
Yeah, it's a good friday
#S/O TO MY BRO LADYS GO FOLLOW HIM HE'S LIGHT SKIN LOL BT ITS #TEAMDARKSKIN LOL
Nothing is wrong with me ..
about time we got a run on the 2nd worst run defense in the NFl
When you move to DC, you'll have to check out Ray's the Steaks for a good, reasonably priced steak dinner
Did you know ... Wichita State's RPI is 11? What's mid-major about that?
after what i just saw on #Austream i know you're not okay): i just want to hug and tell u "i know you're NOT OKAY."):
I can't wait to see it!! Thanks for having me come out yesterday...as usual it was a pleasure working with you!
SHAVE MY HAIRY PITS
school isn't over. Get to work. You and too big already? That why your never at the gym? Buckets.
MT : Final prep for Friday: #dmap hosts #dhdebates symposium/workshop w
I dont want Kyle.
Aww. Sorry to hear.
Keep it up TeBow
This at least at this point, appears to be good news for Peyton moving forward...also makes the Colts plans for the future muddy..Thoughts??
heard it like a month ago... Shit is an understatement
#nowplaying Oliver tank - "help you breathe"
Thanks to everyone that supported us in our Churro sale!! We sold out!
End of day and fading fast. Need a smack before dinner at 8 due to late night meeting. Great #snack idea: string cheese + dried fruit + nuts
dear alexx i heart u!! bahaha lol i wanna marry harry style ths a random tweet(;
what a nice boy. Yo Queiro taco bell
#oomf mom is sick let me come & take care of her..
The USC Emergency Protocol (a plugin for Blackboard) has officially failed -- launching SpitNMoxy 2.0 -- here's the plan+
Sick and I've got midterms?! I might die.
RIP Steve Jobs
Don't forget to join us tomorrow at 6pm at the Ohio Theatre for Mayor Mike Coleman's 2012 Bicentennial State of the City Address!
Wouldn't surprise me. Felt like textbook example of how NOT to use social media as institution.
#MyBiggestFlaw being so insecure that I let great opportunities pass by.
Still going. My current distance is 3.46 miles. Current song is -
So I am supposed to believe that actor Samuel L Jackson makes organic mushroom risotto, but doesn't know how many ounces are in a cup? Cmon.
Give us a scoop on SUPERMAN/Lois! Will we see them together in the future? What about future Lois with future Clark? Pls ask! :)
And fuck everyone else who happens to loose $20k because they happen to be carrying it in cash? Bullshit.
About to have a good time tonight .. Destorm Album release party. Got DPG in the building and many more to come.
Good night everyone
Wow. Good lord, people. "Rhetorical question." Google it.
'til i got home..
I erected a gold statue of Kevin Youkilis for the sole purpose of having an angry mob of peasants tear it down & drag it along Lombard St.
Front row at Trevor Moore's Whatever Show! :D I want to go again next month for the 3rd time! ^_^ Its so great
Awesome! Thanks for the kind words!
Fantastic webinar with Sean Malarky & Lewis Howes. Thank you for the info on best use of LinkedIn and Twitter.
Oh, btw...I'm hardcore liberal democrat...
Bali here i come!! RT “: Eat, Pray, Love...AGAIN! I'm addicted. How much does this movie make you want to travel?!”
hahahah I love it. The grooses on segways = made my day
Gorgeous! What is it and do you have a good nursery in the area?
Starting to work on our next issue of , The Swimsuit issue. Find it next week, May 23rd.
So predictable. So fucking predictable. See what you did, CJ?
Is it sad that I hope peeps keep tweeting pix of #Seattle bus/SUV mash-up just so I can reminisce about the rain?
you should change your bio .. Like ASAP ..(:
Playing Oberlin tonight w/the Tortoise. Miracle Condition, wow...
I don't wanna grow up I'm a toysRus kid, there's so many things at toysRus that I can play with
Be true to who u r :)
You may get tons of what you want very soon or just go to a higher elevation.
I hate when a girl is so drunk she forgets to tell me about her period. Now it looks I murdered and rapped her in my bed!
UUURRRGGGHH. Facebook is down for "maintenance" .Try back in a few hours?
thanks for the follow man. Keep on keepin' on! XOXO BANK!
I like you and I know you like me but wtf is your problem
lol I just speak my mind :p
Way to steal 's tweet. :(
Now we playin a whole new game.
The weather is icky but it's nice in here! Come on out for happy hour everyday from 4-6 pm with $2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
sorry for your lose homie! #RIPCLIP-D rest in paradise....
Indeed. And you were a preds fan, so you're a total traitor
Mayors' confab reunites old pals: Obama, Napolitano, Stanton - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Mayors ' confab reunites old pals: Obama, Na
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me. Im too busy loving people who love me :-)
India Won ....Congrt to India
I would like a subscription to the Times just for the daily crossword. You feel me, ?!
The choice to have a great attitude is something nobody or no circumstance can take from you. Zig Ziglar
Cake , cake , cake , cake , cake , cake ,cake , cake , cake
Thank you for stopping in! Did you have the Moriawase as well?
Life ain't nothing but hard work & knowledge
Well I Would Have Done This Earlier But Didnt Get A Chance . So Wll HAPPY BIRTHDAY I Love You Have A Great 18th Birthday!
This explains a lot, Meg.
Omg secret circle I hate fayes mom n diannas dad I wish u the worst they killed Mick n now they should suffer so much they die those mmgs
Awesome! #Magic&Popcorn
EVERYTHING'S UP!! WE'VE BEEN GONE FOR LONG, HOW ARE Y'ALL DOIN'? XD
You don't want to donate to ME? :) No worries, all going to the same place. I may be there if I can convince the boss.
I love you Niall!
she's Skye in the 5th one.
pretty little liars in twenty one days >>>>> 💛💜💙😃
what about some venison?
Hello world! Just checking in!
Process Server, serving legal documents in the entire community of Sacramento, CA.
you still need the ticket number from Friday?
Type "let it snow" in google..... Cheers and happy holidays
#TurnOff --> “: I didn't text you, Jack Daniels texted you.”
Okie doke, Well I gotta hang out for that 2-2 1/2 hour time! LOL! Cause she is going into Everett to see my aunt, then back
is it some sort of stomp the yard recreation?
Praying that whoever wins the $640m are huge tithers and givers, preferably !!!
Leaving NY:-)))
“: Brunettes listen to music everywhere no matter where they're at. #thehairoscope” they know me so well
RT " My goldfish is either planking or dead."
what is that?
I don't care if it hurts I want to have control I want a perfect body I want a perfect soul
Wow. File that one under
i feel lame cuz i wasnt hip to him earlier
hmm follows him so his tweets gotta be good haha
they are singing the song made famous by Marla Hooch in A League of their Own !!!!!!
just read your article in GIGAOM... great stuff, and I wish you all the best.
thank you.
New personal best in bed for the evening at 812pm. #imago getter
That awkward feeling when the news director points at everyone he wants to stay after the meeting, and you're the odd one out.
FUCKING FINALY. I have my chance ❤
most definitely will stop by! any films you suggest I see?
Wtf is with pajama jeans.... Are they pajamas or jeans? I know I'm late but who would buy those?
Shit...even talking at the speed i'm going, my speech is still gonna run the full 9 minutes I think :O....
There is no thorough education that is not self-education. (1850)
Whoa!! *jumps on that one* Thanks; its prequel is one of my favorite books.
Won't Be Fooled Again by The Who
Happy Tuesday! Going to #Paradise Valley Mall? Come by and visit us!
haha we all played Monopoly as a kid ;) fixed everything on the phone by the way!
I hate when she always say dat fam
Kids are just waking up from their naps. I will try and connect later tonight or tomorrow. Miss you and love you!
:-) random but I think We should have just a chill day lash everything out n all tht.
At my 3rd baseball game this year and a new stadium each time.
Day 2 of the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Ready for another day talking travel and
Bucket bags are back!
Tried that good boy thang but the dope boy turns me on
#OneThingILove being a part of #SteelerNation =]
wow someone that can speak my language Baaah Meeeeah x
I love how my "friends" treat me..
#hicss power back! Woo for having internet!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
Meeting at 12...and then...writing for me!
Have a marvelous week everyone!! More to follow later...
Today is the last day you can "Like" our page before the drawing on Monday! Share with your friends for a chance to win!
Thanks! Hey, I wasn't quite sure what your last tweet was about. A site using a photo w/out proper credit?
DailyHookahTip#110: When poking holes in the foil, poke all the way down through the shisha to allow for better air flow.
I did that on Monday. This is my dusting day!
McPherson: "God knows what he is doing. We have to trust him."
Same old song
No one life is a peachy so bitch cut the act🎬
aye that white powder is the shit Mann
North Korea unveiled what appeared to be a new missile at a military parade in Pyongyang today
kemp is good, but Hamilton has been beyond ridiculous.
Are you not supposed mix adderal and redbull? Need to score an 80% or higher on this practice exam.
Good series caps. It's okay, we still love you<3
That is, perhaps, the best benefit of living alone.
Peter Gabriel @ Summerfest tomorrow! Can't wait!! Love him!!!
Yay for having freezing cold classrooms...! Not.
curious to hear what you've learned. They push online learning pretty hard in my state. They'll even buy you a computer!
My OSU Buckeyes just lost in the Final Four. I have been drinking. Tell me something nice, Jessa.
Farewell 2011, I am free. Welcome streams of sweet dreams that settle over me. <3
I'm glad you guys take the time to check on people instead of chasing. Good job guys!
#FF Businesses in
The books site you made is a.w.e.s.o.m.e ! This'll make textbook shopping so much easier. Thank you!
look how bad they are doing and yes I am watchign the game! LOL
In the city only for a while, here to face the fortune and the bile
Learning what guys do at their bachelor party... Apparently they shove ice down their friends pants..
what about Revenge?
I saw no peace sign. You looked like you were having a miserable time.
Excited for my best friend.. :)
It's Friday... totally missed Thursday. Good morning World! Good googly morning... AHHHHHAHHAHHHHHWWWH.. :)
Not true. They also do the "bring it" face expression.
Start off the #newyear with a New You! Get the white, sparkling smile you've always dreamed of with help from Kravitz Dental
watching the NBA is one way I get to relax, if I am not shooting baskets i'm watching my favourite side - the Heat
play pac-man on google.com today ...impressive javascript goings on here
so jealous!
We says! I'm not sure who came up with it, though.
and which stations are you boycotting?
My dad's birthday gonna be rockin no questions asked.
OMG! That can't be real...no such luck/cake here and I didn't think you'd be open when I was driving into work.
Kevin is lusting for Jeff big time lol
I like Blount so I'm glad Richardson isn't going to TB. Guessing they will go Claiborne now, and then try to trade Talib
Kenny Rogers is a legend but his face is a newborn.
Things to do tonight: drink, write guest blog post, drink, reread novella prior to restarting the draft, drink, tweet, drink, and drink.
I think she's retelling the clean food story at each table.
"i dont like your attitude this morning."
you been beezin'?
Did you like it? Similar premise to The Hunger Games, except gods, not government...
Cant wait for #Padres #OpeningDay tmrw! Come to the #car2go booth in the East Village Block Party for a chance to win up to 60 FREE mins!
6 pack abs aren't about crunches. You can't spot reduce fat. Burn the fat off with a combo of diet, cardio and resistance training
Loved Gorky's. My boyfriend (now husband) & I met there all the time; it was halfway between our homes.
:D Welcome
there are different meanings to the word Growler haha, we're speaking of glass beer Growlers.
Glad this fever has worn off. Ready to get back to work after a week off
tweeting you my thanks for r thicke. thanks so much, tweetheart! mwah!
Who saw the president jog a little bit last night?I think he said "gotta get ready for " I was reading lips I could be wrong
We have some greyhounds and greyhound mixes at the kennel for adoption. They are awesome!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Darin - No, they had to return to KC and Colorado.... What sucks is they could have played.... Severe weather never happened...
Oh Hunger Games series, why must you mess with me so?
great to meet you! glad to put an avatar to real person :)
Its my day off and so far i have 3 base idea songs in progress! Come to my house if you want in on this magic!
So I heard that you have secret tattoo...show me it!!!
": Dear Lazy people, 12343228854980. Sincerely, You didn't even read the whole number did you?" = Lol :) guess I'm not lazy!
No response on my last Drupal question. Hm! I guess I'll have to put the hood up! Where's my PHP wrench?
Worst part about falling down the stairs? Choosing which body part gets the ice pack.
omg I missed it!! I started watching it last week lol.
Hi Linda, after defining our voice in social media #sm, we seek out our target audience & make effort to engage with them.
tHOREAU nOT oPEN sO i gOTTA wATCH Mi sISTER
Omg! I made a team to support relay for life! We are having a carwash to raise funds tomarrow!
I recommended SKUL sell for my final MBA project. Stock down 25%, market cap down $180m since.
Thanks for the RT! You ROCK (as always)!
It's almost like teachers need their fill of ruining someone's day to have a fulfilling job.
Thrilled to be singing at "Room In The Inn" this morning. I love visiting our friends there and I feel blessed to have the chance to do it..
Nice to know you're NOT texting while driving ... just TWEETing ;-) ... perhaps they can fit our last 140 on tombstone. :)
Okay, I really need different weekend plans.
Dont you hate when ya cookie becomes suicidal & decides to drown itself at the bottom of ya milk!!
Attending my first prom tonight, the Shevil prom.
yo what is happnin? I'm getting my feet wet in this twitter game. You heading out to get into something groovy tonite.
If you’re looking to refocus & energize your job search, suggests really knowing what you offer & what you want.
We'll "put the water on", see you in a bit! ;)
Hey I miss you that is all
can't wait till #boyfriend !!!
Looking forward to a busy week!
The Lakers backcourt has one of the best players of all time yet it has to be among the worst in the league.
The breath is the doorway to the much sought after, and ever-elusive "zone"
people need to RT this and help me get more followers! :D
Thunderstorm!! I'm in love.
So frustrating to have so many missing files. Won't be editing scene 88 today.
tomorrow SOCCER:))
***love my followers
ABS ABS ABS ABS Stop! Now dig that mothaf@#%n body deeper! Go insanity! Go insanity!
Awww. Thanks, Atom!! You know, requests are always welcome!
America! FUCK YEAH!
lol. Story of my life
Thanks for the RT!
Google Needed License for Java, Sun’s McNealy Testifies
She really bullying a another grown ass woman
How was everyones weekend? See any movies filmed in Pittsburgh? Tell us about it!
Remember when marketing to children meant adding a Z to every product name? It's not like that anymore. Kids these days are all about E's.
Came home to find new book: the #leanstartup Setting aside startup work on and _every other book I'm reading_.
Movie is late to start. Grr.
Steps away from computer >:-/
have a fantastic Friday!
RT The NBC Sunday night game next week is St. Louis at Seattle. Go Rams! Win and get a home game in playoffs, too!
I wish there was a candy delivery service. I really need some study fuel and nothing does the trick quite like Twizzler Pull 'N Peels.
So COOL though! RT : Just emailed Club 33 to ask to go on their waiting list. WTF are you doing, Amy?....
Rene, thank you for doing your part. =)
Deep tourney run again, 7 more till the money...
FOR REAL SINBAD IS IN MY WORK BUILDING DOWNSTAIRS I WANT TO TALK TO HIM WHAT DO I DO IT'S SINBAD HE HAS A BLUETOOTH
I just heard all the 20 somethings say "who?",lol
Mattie Jung. She's my roommate for next year.:)
Thank you 2 everyone who came out 2 the Yom Ha'atzmaut Celebration at the #mke #jcc yesterday! Great time! Recap photos & vids coming soon!
Driving my truck Lucy >
Dam I need something to eat
Welcome Susan!
reading up on how to knit
Lol dis dude just got his ass beat
hey man, is there anyway you can just give me the cash tomorrow at school?
Sleeping for 2 hours is always fun. Goodnight 🌙
i could be wrong here but they do trade carbon credits in the u.s.
I don't need to see the Pop Chips commercial to know that white ppl impersonating Indian ppl is the new black ppl impersonating white ppl
has opened our online chatting function for customer service. Please enjoy your time in www.usbphoneworld.com.
i wish they would! the part i don't understand is how they know so much about this operation: no prevention?!
Lots of people do (in fact half the people I left in Massachusetts still think I live in Arizona). But no palm trees here...
Well, my legs are fucked... Great workout this morning!!
You're right: *UN-loaded gun, plus ammo, can be taken into bar. But it's crime to drink til impaired with said gun
After six phone calls and four emails to Comcast within the last 24 hours, I can finally watch Yankee games again.
we are going to Jungle Jim's in a month, starting to get my list together now.
We Go In One Direction !! (;
Please No Snow! Please No Snow! Please No Snow!...
SIU is my favorite show and your so beautiful when you get a chance follow back please i love you
There so little? Wtf...
Can't sorry, i have to go get high lol jk, okay!! at what time?(:
You know what sucks? seeing sweet, nice, caring people get screwed over and seeing rude people get whatever they want.
Congratulations, Jill! That's wonderful news.
#YouKnowYourGhetto If yu eat hamburger meat RAW with saltine crackers.lmao.
thank you very much and you're welcome oh and merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets
u go to sleep
Patricia William's The Rooster's Egg, story excerpt in conclusion
I know and I'm always at Disneyland hahahah 😭
You got married? Congrats! How are things?
As much as I wanna be eighteen I'd still like to be a kid again
you have to consider when you expect players to come off board. Hologram obv expected KW to go before BW.
19 to go!!! Lets race boys!!!
RT : Heart smiled this morn at Newark Tech w/PA announement "Will 9-12th grade girls please go 2 gym & change for #yoga!"
good seeing everyone at the #CHAMPS winedown
i dont just want to meet him i want to know him :)
I will go to any freeway ramp for a compliment. On my way!
This just in! Jerome saves girlfriend from giant spider under fridge.
yeah mondays with , justin bowden, nelson helland, randy, janac, kelby. U still runnin with dorn and wes?
Aw, shucks, thank you.
Gnostic - are you ONE?
you're #beltworthy too!
happy easter girl!!
My daddy askd me why my lips so.white at the bottom. Lmaoo
Are you helping coordinate the full effort in Iowa? If not, is there someone we could contact about cooperating
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!
From his lips to LaFollette's ear. RT : Ran into John Nichols at Barrett party. He sees him winning by 25 points or so
I love you girl! You did an amazing job on #DWTS !! So sad to see you leave!
Someone needs to tell Nicki Minaj she is not Lady Gaga.
I ain't even mad.
Happy Birthday to me. Happy Birthday to me. Happy Birthday dear Danielle Happy birthday to me <3
Private eye tells homeless man of inheritance - Yahoo%21 News http%3A%2F%2Fyhoo.it%2FkougJo
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I make YouTube videos
I can hear the #Occupy Wells Fargo cheers and chants from my 7th floor office on the OPPOSITE side of the building! Wow...
Pocono, Daytona, Brickyard, and the then Busch race at the mile. Had season tickets @ WIR as well.
awww what party she didn't know
I know, right? I don't think anyone noticed.
this conversations getting no where...
just witnessed a very old man seduce a spanish waitress
Need a sampling to get #pcbw started? I will be tonight from 6-8.
Haven't stoved it but my KK has to be in pretty good shape vs JTo on a KTJ rainbow board. Rando Winstar n00b gets T T for teh soulcrush
hope u have a great vacation!!!!
DYK? Rose Parks-"Mother of the Civil Rights Movement" was a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
Awesome, I'm going to try to make it out for #TranssexualsFromSpace too!
Get up! Get up! Get outta here!! Happy 77th Birthday to #Brewers broadcaster Bob Uecker!
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk forever, in my garden.
Thanks for the RT. Let's keep the writing going!
": "look at you, muscles" "it's from all the time in the gym.... I've only been twice." " air me out brit!! Haha
You are exactly where you need to be to reach your goals.
Eric Hovde says America needs more leaders like Ron Johnson and Scott Walker.
Better watch out You keep chasing hoes , You might end up with one.
Missed u guys. Boy has been much too dysregulated and needed my help. It's Sat and that means Mama time! At a resto! With a friend!
Good choice.
Ah yes! Am Tornado Alley baby from Amarillo and bet still have NM dust in my lungs from springtime at TT. Hope to CU soon!
Not retweeting even the truest tweets just because of the person that tweeted them.
i love you as do many others, we appreciate you appreciating us if that makes sense♥
what's with all the faces?
Hot chick coming over...I better shave.
Follow for all things entertainment!
I'll ht an old man in public
Headed back to church
can you give me a #FollowBack you're such an inspiration!! #muchlove Jas!
tonite at Clowes! Great sampling of Indy's performing arts talent and easy way to contribute to AIDS awareness. Tix avail.
It's all kids, all morning tomorrow at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030! See you there!
I could follow people on Twitter all night long....(cue Lionel)
This year's theme: Crossing Cultures in the South: “into the lovely room full of strangers”
mood swing
Thank you all so much for your support! Working really hard on this next song.
RT On a scale of 1 to Jacked up where are you right now?
Any "Singers" wanna hit the studio wit us tonight ? DM us NOW!
wishh I could makee ( ] feel better! :b
Use retinol at night
Hey! How are you?
Thats what he said.. RT i'm never in control...
Gotta Take This SAT On Saturday ... Wish Me Luck !!! #FingersCrossed <3
The ego holds the past against you ACIM. It's a lie :)
I'm aware, I love you too Big Willy.
Huge Congrats to Sally Fitzgibbons! Ring that bell girl!!!
Mumbai slums have a ratio of 600 people to 1 toilet.
Just watched "Just Go With It". Very cute.
Great article!
I vote awesome! :)
I'm cheering for 15 seed Loyola Maryland because it makes me sort of feel like my undergraduate - Loyola U Chicago - made it.
NOT liking Angelina's dress. The red makes me think of the vile of blood she wore around her neck during her "awkward years".
I bet girl my turn tonight while watching my boi on #PPV boxing thank you sweetie
Had a Blast at today!
Do you have a #Hawaii ID? Call us! $99 Kamaaina rates (based on availability) April & May INCLUSIVE of daily resort service fee. WOW!
The penalty for entering my home w/o consent is death. This is mostly for rodents and bugs, but I have a sword, so it goes for humans too.
Looking for a fat free, high protein snack? Check out Greek yogurt! It's packed!!!
I'm doing really good myself. Wondering why i haven't heard from my buddy in so long.
ill text you in a min , im tryna get some info from gabby .
Makes two of us. But you know what I want more than a puppy? For you to follow me.<3
Long day, finally home. And gonna go to Crown Point to see the Northern Lights. :)
yes in 1946
Alvarado-Ruiz family sharing their story of prematurity & birth defect: Grateful for research & tech that saved their baby
Happy Birthday to our Co-Founder #JamesRoday! Hope you're enjoying the day as much as he is...!
I'm Dana. ^^ And yeah. x.x;; The internet (mostly IM) distracted me from work many a time.
Did Mohamed Sanu get drafted by Cincy for real this time or is it just another prank?
lol yes we are hard working.
MT History is genealogy of human choices, agency & intentionality. Nothing political is “inevitable.”
A1: Email marketing enhances your credibility and can help differentiate your company
enjoy! Yall hv a great day too!
Thank you so much (: share it to your friends!!
You're the best! Thanks for sharing our $1 deal
I don't follow - higher taxes for mistakes I didn't make. And mistakes most of us plebes didn't make either.
Judging from that lie you just passed, you are well known and respected.
im like fucking sweaty is this like a side affect for eating apples!
have fun !!! lol saw your meal on instagram "I am dazzling" but major siked to hear the new album x
What's your preferred way to watch mobile TV?
the plan to call Cameron will be carried out later tonight.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. ~Peter Drucker
don't forget to tell us what your charity pick is! :)
This looks great. Is licensing Isotope the only restriction for for-profit entities?
We miss you too! “: I'm having withdrawals I miss the amazing times there #Imisschicago”
Great video! You're right, that was good for a laugh.
when you want 6 comments on our blog, ask people what they think. When you want 60, give them something to disagree with.
Awww ... What is wrong?
Happy birthday!
Congrats #1 all time assist for
Nice to have you back in town!
How do you create your future?You create your daily habits and they create your future.
Conflicting reports on Ryan Braun's fate, hm. Who do I believe?
// Its going good; got a desk and a bed set up and working on some designs. The new job is going well! How are you?
“ Florida guard Erving Walker arrested for stealing a taco and running from Police.” He should seek out Doug Gottlieb for advise
#AcornElectric is busy making stuff today! Gettin' ready for #CraftyWonderland spring sale May 7! And #SteelPetalPress will be in Portland!
21 Jump Street was hysterical. And James Franco's brother is amazingly hot! Lick!
This dude is killing this song (and not in a good way)
funny just yesterday i was thinking how my kids are the 1st gen to have #socialmedia their entire lives
I hope you have a banana for lunch (for a hammer). Balloons? They're fun too!
whats to break up? Cant break up nttn thats not goin on
Really easy, but that's what I do for a living.
pick up line--Well, tie me to a pig and roll me in the mud! You are mighty purdy for a heavy girl.
How much time to you have? :)
Hi. Please come to the US. Specifically, western New York. Thanks!
Thanks for the follow!! xoxo
Lance Armstrong's camp refutes report on Hincapie.
Your question should be "who ISN'T reading Woman in White?"
I'm sorry but I feel Taylor is changing loads Just my opinion though :,(
This breeze feels so good!
Rain on Mondays makes me want to continue this friendship with my bed.... To bad thats not gonna happen
RIP Heavy D
What a beautiful Pittsburgh day! Mom, dad & I are going for a walk later...can't wait! Check in later for photos of my preschool graduation!
RT : Anybody? RT : Looking for a freelance front-end web dev. Have you got a free week during January?
omg there is porn on every google search i do for peanut butter..are we believing this rehtoric
I said the Warwick FNA Jazzmen I played had a maple body but it was ash (light in weight too)
Just heard my first commercial on 93.7 Jams. "fish & chicken affair" thats what up...
Let's go #Buckeyes!
As always, great to see you at
He Said He Likee Me Cause Im Cool Smart And Got Aah Cute Smile :)
cut them locks.
Just finished looking into the background of the Austin web project - posted links to RFP and scorecard on Facebook OpenAustin site.
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend friends!
How did I not know about ! & many others!
check out my guy
Today's high is 63! Take a walk this afternoon and enjoy lunch with us. We're at the corner of Dearborn and Randolph. See you soon!
good morning how r u
I need to move back east
Boise State strategic plan presenters need to read Tufte's Cognitive Style of PowerPoint. Complex concepts are being conveyed poorly here.
{Have fun you guys!!!!}
you guys are amazing! awesome customer service! thank you!
NOTE TO SELF, when texting pictures home landscaping, don't title the pictures 'my rocks'.. i may have lost a few friends
Great job!
Good for you. Keep moving forward doing what you love. XO
thanks for following :)
24 hours until we hit new orleans.countdown starts now.tic tock
No I'll Go Get My Phone--I'ts Somewhere Around Here Lol =]
RT : Have you downloaded my sister Kalie's song from itunes yet? Just search "Cloud 9"...
Not sayin', just askin'. It wouldn't help or hurt me, because I have no brains to move inside my skull.
Thats the hardest part of the movie for me to watch
I have. It's like "Nevada on steroids."
Bruce Chen is not a good pitcher. These first two innings make me sad.
Finally got to see the on TV in Milwaukee. That's a win!!!
When tells you to say hi to your dog for him :P
I still love you.
Haha remember when commie choked on her lunch because hunter and drew walked by.
true, i take longer but i neve look better.
Sports nation host says patriots are going 16-0 your a joke you clown buffalo has the 2nd/3rd best d-line in the league
Just picked up a date at the grocery store; it was in the produce aisle.
let's do it bezzies!
Writing stuff for school... way fun
get this ugly ass bumps and it looks like herpes? Lol well let's not get too into that but he was asking me what that was
*racks up points*
Preparing for Chekhov role: trying to get inside head of a fatally-ill, disowned daughter, unloved wife. Playing tragic figures: exhausting.
102.7? What are they playing?
": "There is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action," Mitt Romney" Pathetic.
Hey there bro! Welcome to pre-summer!
following people back! if I have gotten to you yet, I'll probably follow you tomorrow. Goodnight :)
Thanks for the recommendation, appreciate it
:( talk to u later cause u getting mad
Yo Orange County! Make sure you go out and VOTE AGAINST MORE CORPORATE WELFARE on the ballot TODAY!
"Daferring on red hair moots the ramdelgerag! Cays hast ner eyed the entire lash from the libre, does get sidlelassinlunahack?
What are your big plans for Superbowl?
I am cringing so much at episode 10 of Firefly!! ah D:
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
In all seriousness debt forgiveness and reasonable logic in terms of assessing cost must prevail to keep the doors open
Come out tonight to welcome Greg Voelker back to the bar and jam out to the musical selections of DJ
Excellent choice! :-)
Good 8D u?
Spoiler Alert: #JordisUnga was eliminated. Unga: "I'm sad but I understand. I'm proud of what I've done here."
Lmfao I know!! And that old lady and kid are creepy as shit!
Olga Kay gave me a 10,000 calorie coffee and a 20,000 calorie chocolate croissant today. Am jogging in place as I Tweet this.
Spring 2012: Life threw me a curve ball. Hard and fast. Summer 2012? And Fall? TBD.
Taco Bell, you have been missed.
NEW YUMMY POTENT EDIBLES IN: MELT IN YOUR MIND - Cheesecake, Chocolate Mud Pie, Baklava, Chocolate Mint Bar! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Sure thing!
I don't like the societal rule of cutting people who mean something to you out of your life entirely, just because "circumstances" change
Sleepy. So... sleepy. ... So... tired of muthafuckin' take home essays.
WIN FREE BOOKS - Follow and Re-Tweet this to be in weekly random drawing
Nothing more unattractive, less appealing than a woman who consistently curses.
I'm a teenager , who made mistakes but so has everyone & we don't call you out for all yours so why call mine out ?
Mexico's relentless attacking was too much for US tonight.
Still can't get the EMERGENCY PROTOCOL to function on my iPhone 4.
Just you. :-) But I think I either didn't hear your name right or wasn't letting all the appropriate brain sparks connect.
whats wrong with precious
Out working with clients in fort Wayne Indiana. Excited to show some new folks
Thanks for the great workshop at ACS on Friday! I learned a ton and you inspired the hell out of me! #TheNewKind looks great!
Follow me back <3
Worst job of my freaking life. Holy crap.
Omg, this is making me laugh. Hurry up & finish so i won't miss nothing while I'm at work lol
For a hundred that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
Adometry definitely doesn't consider BlueKai to be malware. We’re exploring the root cause of the misclassification & will update all soon
I hate when autocorrect pluralizes something and changes the meaning... Then or gets RT'd. Ted Kaczynski was misunderstood...
and having so much to say... and watching you walk away
has given me my dose of inspiration for the day. Oh, I love her so.
I have actually witnessed this (no, I'm not joking). I guess it depends on what drugs you're on.
Picked up the new album last week. Sounds great!
Wish i had the slitest clue how my phone cracked
Yes! Come on back to Baltimore, we need you!
Hot spots in
Can't find better people than this.
also has fun leap day specials with a chance to win some Admirals tics during Happy Hour!
I'm Smiling Because I Know Where His HEART IS..
Awh :( You don't to get to see me and Josh be all cute and couple-ish ;D
I always say one day a signed Artist is going to redo one of my songs and make it a hit. It can happen just keep writing....
"Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on, That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong"
RT : Good luck to the NTC basketball teams as they attempt to defend their title at the #2012AIHEC bball tourney
Everything is good getting ready the ESBC on March 24th outstanding roster.
Me: "Will you marry me?" Austin: "What?" Me: "What'd I say?" Austin: "Will you marry me?" Me: "OMFG OMFG YES YES YES!"
State Rep. Joe Parisi says he can't get his constituents into Capitol. Takes food in to protesters.
will do “: Let me know where you end up for lunch. Maybe we'll stop by.”
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3°¤°
Thanksgiving program at TCS was outstanding. Happy Thanksgiving all!
thanks andy!
lol by the way you suck at texting
Chone Figgins and Ichiro go deep in the first inning. Who says the Mariners don't have power hitters?
I like hopeful people. And, like in Harry Potter, if you say my name enough the almighty will acknowledge.
#truelife I'm in LOVE with ❤❤❤
The Media History Exchange will be a source for those who could not attend today to look to see what material was discussed. More info later
you look so different with out braces :)
#lighttheweed n take off!
teaching one's mom to text is adorably frustrating.
i just wanted to say whats up. I'm not even going to say anything about the buckeyes losing to purdue even they did.
It's almost time to ring in a Happy New Year so enjoy the last of 2011. Remember 2011 and be ready to take on 2012!
So much to say about this photo.....I'll just let it be.
Bubble Lounge was fire last night! thanks to all the homies that came by! On the plane now...bout to rock Anchorage, Alaska with
i agree. i have been on a lot of boards and this has been the worst. news comes out about merger and he still bashes.
We come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
yeaahhh! 7 people RTed one of my tweets. I feel clever
I feel lost without my partner in crime
And for those us us that don't play, it's just enough! RT : RT : JUST IN: #MegaMillions reaches $640 million
hahahah why am I just now seeing this? :)
In muncie outside with a white russian and dub. Great day out.
Are you sure that's how you spell it? Okay...."Cooties" it is, you oughta know ;)
hello there
thank you for all the social media love : )
will do!
Just heard from James White of the MD Port Administration.
aww :) well I had a party at school today it was jammin
Given the chance, I would have hugged Derrick Bell, too.
I swear I get so psyched to see random chicks pop up in my tweets just for the sake they might be submitting to
Give him strength to get out of this situation.
...hopefully they won't. :0)
macys making me cookies :) 👍
I've been to Roch, Minn, Buffalo and Milw...that is flat out irritating those cities are not irritating!
“: The Internet is so good at disproving things I only wondered were true because of the Internet.”
#startup - "Reinventing the tour guide". Meet at Life 3.0 May 31
Why-o-why-o-why-o did discontinue their store brand Special K cereal? It was better than the brand name stuff!
I love you.
Let's play the blame game
I used to give a fuck. Now I give a fuck less.
Whoa! Haven't tweeted in a while. Happy Saturday people! And of course, a shout to the lovely -- :)
We are very proud to have been nominated for 19 #Emmy Awards. From Mr. Mayor to Toni On, check out list at NYC.gov/Media.
"You took a cockahroach and turned it into a butterfly."
oh ya i dm'd him too
Someone should buy me an elephant ^-^
James Dean was killed in a car accident on this day in 1955.
meeting with bahn mis and listening to wonderful rainbow on the train
Hi! Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help!
Ima be on top weather I perform or not AWHH lol
When do you guys start tonight? I don't want to miss your bit.
Sharapova reaches her fourth Sony Ericsson final
i have no food i wanted ceral but the milk is expired and so is the bread A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Happy to see the sun shinning... finally....
Makes sense if you don't think about it
Only shit like this happens to me.
Are you more interested in being the #star of the team or a team player of a #championship squad?
Shoot later today!! Live each day to the fullest!! :)
hahaha! Love it!
#Casino dealers do truly mean well but, man, so many of them give players horrible advice!
Q: Are there any programs that you can talk about that we'll be seeing in upcoming seasons?
. guess I can rest easy tonight
but did you check out that Handahan bobble head? WOW!
My R.O.D Took Care Of Business!!
Made it to Melbourne! Got my boarding pass next to Bradley Cooper and shared a plane with Bon Iver. My feet hurt. Fin.
oh, man....sorry for that--yuk!
OMG. You are great guy? And.. belieber too? hhe.
just finshed hiting them books time to hit them sheets fly or die <CAKE RESIDUE>
Presentation done!!!
If she is performing and I will need to get a ticket to #bonnaroo and our own RV.
let me know if you're looking for testers!
David Guetta is my hero.
no worries! Is really fun! I have class tomorrow.
Eenie meenie miny moe, caught u cheating with tht hoe. U tried lying to my face, think again, u've just been replace xD
El Cajon city council to consider outdoor vending machines such as Red Box in the city... only three citizens here for the public hearing!
“: Im the first with the BSHU Torrey Smith tattoo though!!!!” We're not giving those away!!
Hey you coming to Crank Up The Cause on Thursday? says it won't be the same w/o you.
I find that people are overwhelmed and even with encouragement, don't seek out info on their own. They want it delivered.
I got this one teacher trying to make our regular quiz 60 questions long
At #tff Mr. B slams the DoE for not allowing his chorus to sing for the #president of the united states.
wanna snugg :D
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. - Ken Olsen
Are you Rachel Maddow's little retarded sister?
bacon and pergoies for breakfast ? bout it bout it
RT : Finally the first baseball practice //AWESOME!!! Have a blast!
REALLY!? That's an illusion lol. I like it because it's creepy but they are pretty witty too. Oh, and I really want his car!
Finally got that mOjito ;-)
done deal. Tell Moms hello for me!
which phone?
Raise the Roof, national rebuilding day this Saturday, April 28th. Who's in?
Big series win for the Orioles. Roughed up James Shields in a losing effort today..impressive
At leastt we still won!!!!! Now lets do it again!!!!!
Its hot!! Water fight!
:) thank you!
zillow (also awesome app for smartphone)
- how do I get someone to pay me to tweet? I promise I'll mind my p's and q's... :-)
Getting ready while Maddy's napping. Today should be fun! :)
where do I go to apply to be a "test dummy"!! Lol
Success is getting what you want, and happiness wants what you get.
West Virginia this weekend ! Can't wait : )
congrats! I want to try one of these days.
But the initiative to stop bullying has been effective - if properly done- but it will never truly go away.
God has already made the way for you!!
#Imagine You:''What's your biggest dream?'' Harry:"Marry the girl I love with my life, heart & soul.'' You:''Who?'' Harry:"You! Who else?''
I KEEP MISSING you at equinox. I swear... sounds like Ojai was amazing! Hugs.
I haven't been able to get onto tumblr, I'm really sorry but its just not working whenever I try load it, I might be missing a
- Thanks for the !!
Last chance to sign up for classes for this coming session. Classes start next week! Space in Aerial Basics!! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
The awkward moment when you watch Bridesmaids with your mom and the first scene is a sex scene.....
Also, thanks for all the feedback! The response has been overwhelming. Glad to have so many passionate fans & customers. We're very lucky.
I do, u just don't understand how I could understand
“: My favorite time to watch tv is when I'm listening to music. Suckit.” agreed!!
Ok i will
I got released to free agency they have nothing to worry about lol
Fuck I hate loud people
ATTENTION WORLD: COME TO SAINTS AND SINNERS TONIGHT AND CELEBRATE THE ANNIVERSARY OF MY CREATION!
Think you are in safe territory and then - BAM! - image of enslaved man tied to tree, being whipped.
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. Plato
i love eminem (((:
"I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve." 2 Games in LA.
There's no one on the beach but us, and this family that sat 2 yards away from us. If we get up and move, we'll look like assholes.
Whether you agree with his personal life or not, I've always thought #Kobe gets it done. Appreciate that toughness.
1.1 million plastic bags wasted yearly in the US. Try reusable grocery bags to help save our planet.
follow me ?)
What is the cutting edge price?
“Danger of hardening your heart is that you cannot hear His voice anymore. God doesn't speak to your ear, He speaks to your heart." -Cymbala
Chris Paul is a Clipper. Maybe they'll actually sell out games now.
Boarding plane to Havana. Will be back Saturday..Cheers.
the bottom of my feet hurts aha
Winners of 2011-12 Maryland Black-Eyed Susan announced this evening. I went to the ceremony!
yeah for sure me too ill get on that right now
I'm so proud of u rolanda! I know your gonna be a great mamma! :)
It sure has! Awesome speakers and great insights at this year's #sdsms. Already can't wait till next year!
gonna have to make up for that tomm night lol
I did! Thank you!!
MY Jew!
oh thanks, thanks, lol :)
Getting ready to have fun
Happy Birthday ! Have an awesome day!
#FireDanODowd needs to be trending 24/7 in Denver if we are ever going to have a winning club.
RT Stop the cynically-named JOBS Act
Going to pick up my ticket for today game jets vs Miami
Are you a very jealous and insecure person? What's up with the hate?
Don't give up, it will get better.
Still working on it bruh... Been swamped all week with sessions. Gotcha as soon as I'm finished with it!
thanks Matt! Appreciate it :)
um excuse me...who you talking to?
I must say, the short films in House&Home at are kind of a parody of themselves. Like "Dwell" animated.
there was a place selling die-cut leather a few years ago. Maybe check eBay?
haha, my mom semi knows how to work it, but if my dad got on it, he would be hollering for me to come & help him
The Man of Steel will welcome travelers of the caped and non-caped variety to the Cleveland Hopkins International Airport...
Had Her Hittin' Them High Notes With No AutoTune !!
good glad to hear. Keep workin hard.
thats the point, duh. come see me so we can lay in bed and watch Roseanne reruns! Any TamTam advice on a sinus headache?
Hopefully the #Brewers just blow them out and we can all get to bed at a reasonable time this week.
are you playing artomatic? We can't wait to rock it out with you in a few weeks. I'm loving the songs on myspace.
When buying a home there will be other expenses to consider, like what tools will be needed to maintain your lawn
#3WordsForYou Hop off bitch
Why I stopped making videos: jk Im starting again next week
Bliss blog » Blog Archive » Schwinn tourist hybrid bike specs - schwinn tourist hybrid bike
RT: : Fuck a New Years Kiss , I rather have a New Years Drink ! (;
Dear Python: How do you make programming so easy and so much fun? I think I love you. Do you love me, too? Y/N (circle one) Love, Rob
Yes it is obvious Have fun
At the #americanmusicawards press conference
Is it Friday? Is this April? Is it 2012?
lookin forward to having u in the big apple for 8 crazy nights!! :)
What a sweet picture!
wu tang is still where it's at. I can't stand the new shit.
#whosgonnalose - Oakland at Denver - Oakland will lose
hi. i'm here, i'm excited.
Me too! RT: The ladies supporting are so amazing. Honored to stand with such a fantastic group of Wisconsin women.
me too.
Love these Cub Scout free for alls. It's like Lord of the Flies in the church social hall.
...they pass it around the perimeter for the first minute EVERY time! They hardly ever force the PK to collapse! SHOOT IT!
I have a computer, a vibrator, & pizza delivery. Why should I leave the house?
Here's to another perfect day in Southern California
Thanks for the reply! It worked today, so all it good.
Thanks for making up my mind. I'll do it tomorrow. Won't be home until 6 or so. Guessing the rain will be here by then.
...and a wheel is put back on
Finally, the sun has made an appearance in
Watching I love baseball so much <3
Ian's in Canada, Mo's in Vegas, Joseph and Evan in Brooklyn. The Angel's Share is out in the wild. Give it some lovey dove.
Just met with one of our wonderful pop up shop owners. We can't wait to help her open her shop doors on May 18th!
Haven a good day with the family
can we please hang out when everyone comes back home?!
I wish I could sing so I could upload a video on Facebook like all my friends of me singing but I sound like a dying horse. Lmfao ugh
ALMS: Extreme Speed Motorsports Mid-Ohio Race Report: The sun shone brightly over the black and green muscle machines of the 01 and 0...
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Follow me at
I mean do you tip your barber after he finishes cutting your hair?
Please pray for the Chavez family who have lost a loved one on yesterday to senseless gang violence in Chicago...
was #SGU's last episode this Monday? Or are there more to come for the next few days ahead?
There is an open house & bake sale at tomorrow noon-4; no calories when it benefits charity! Cheat w/o guilt!
Happy Halloween everybody!!!!!
No exciting photos today, but I did take a nap in the sun on my porch only to be woken up by a deer walking by. Spring weather=bright mood
I'm beyond livid...this is no laughing matter
Your #Express tote in this week's Finds of the Week is a hit! We've had people ask for a link to buy. Can you help?
's following ME? :o thank you! (:
thx. Wow she was leading 4-1 and still lost that set - (not good)
I just think it looks unprofessional.
Just tried to teach my dog how to howl
OMG, I get to go into Mommy's work!!!!!!
Is Michigan State playing Michigan U tonight at the Joe Louis Arena?
glad to have you with us :)
Figured out that I now go up and down seven flights of stairs 4x/week in addition to walking with my normal #commute. Not joining a
Check your inbox silly! We think you'll be pleasantly surprised!
Stupid Scumbags! I had a brother who died from Down Syndrome, I hope the Lord punishes you BOTH!!!
Thanks for getting the word out about all this,
Fucking idiot lineman son was way offsides
omg see I knew it I'm so smart. Lol jk.
And thank you for helping us track it down! Enjoy Sundance! /cc
There once was a girl from Nantucket...oh yeah...FCC rules.
I should go fly a kite with this crazy wind.XD
Flacco F's up every year when he plays the steelers
what a great asset to have in a small community.
I have given up my Cathar beliefs.
"upgrades"… more like "ugh-grades"… good things coming soon though…
Monticello is so beautiful...
drop the 'E' on Xcel.
Its Rick Santorum's Birthday Thursday! For your Birthday this year the President got you Gay Marriage!
Depends how old the Mini Van is and I guess how long the guy has been living in his mom's basement.
Somebody txt me! I'm wide awake and bored.
omg! Nice LMAO!
Much deserved! Thank you for the mention!
my phone died hours ago and I just got home, text you in the am cuz, awesome day!
so happy for you old friend that you have found your ever after. Love you and to pieces. Happy Wedding Day!
Hello Brother! Lately, my arms have been fatigued from hand sanding a houseful of doors; up & down stairs a lot also
It's hard to have faith in the goodness of the American people, then I remember that I am good, which means there are others who are too. ♥
Are you looking to donate? I know of a pantry that desperately needs food!
oh sorry I will repost it
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a real nigga that want just more than sex
OMG I just had tthe craziest dream dude :-)
infeild at a rams vs colts fottball game
Google drive: similar to Dropbox but not as good yet. #CRSweb”
Honored and humbled!
I bet you'll never guess what just happened in the blazers game with 30 seconds left at a tie score. NEVER guess.
Pretty nice sounding car stereo from his tricked out car, lmao! That was too funny and kinda sad lol!
If you know you bad, don't need no man, got your own brands put up yo hands, IF YOU A TOP KNOTCH BITCH, Lemme hear ya holler! ;)
I'll come get that #BradleySpecial on saturday bro. Lol
I don't go nuts for Untappd badges. The app benefits me in terms of letting readers know what I'm drinking and my thoughts on a
Heartburn...doritos...farting when I laugh...looking for cupcakes...personal piggy Sunday...
You are classless but predictable in your snarky comments about Brietbart. Thank you for keeping the bar of civility low
I do not have ADHD - I have advanced multitasking skills!!
RT : LIKE TO SEE ME....i would love to see you. You are a beautiful spirit with a beautiful voice.
Live footage of Maradona's reactions to action on the field during big games = almost as entertaining as the actual game
Solid Red Oak #2 common hardwood flooring with Installation and Finish $4.00/SF Everything Included!!! No Gimmicks! Just low prices on qu
Finally getting to check out live. The earnestness of their rocking Is so awesome! Don't trust anyone over 30.
Well California, it's been real.
Thanks for the mention.
Top Shelf Whiskey Taste is tonight at Samba! Come out and taste some great (expensive) whiskeys!!
Shut up and just kiss me already<3 💜
I do wonder how many Universities with a known connection to slavery hide it just to avoid talking about it?
idt he wants me :(
Man do ya'll realize that in a few years there going to have concrets that people will pay to see of dead artist...smh
Might explain their stock price...
RT : To the rejected, despised, overlooked, scared, unwanted - WE are your friends, your advocates, your defense. WE are
My new bright yellow skinny jeans will be my sunshine this morning. Yup. Yellow, Day 2. I don't even know me anymore! :)
When I listening this song.....
To be on the safe side, I recommend that you install windows 8 on a virtual machine.
Fuckk his show is this weekend andd i dong think im going
And you love every one!
what the heck do you need to wait for he has won 15 straight games. With a super bowl in there
Can't wait to hear about it. Let's make a time to chat in Atlanta.
Hot pink ;) : To enter: What color is the Too Too scented polish? Include #BetseyWeek in your reply & answer within one hour.
awww ask see what they say worst they can say is "OH NO HOW DARE YOU OFF TO BED YOU FILTHY CHILD" whats the harm x]
LOL! They ran out of Hienies hot sauce -- people went #apeshit!
sure am :)
someone out there doesn't like us too much.
The Knicks are looking like shit right now if they lose everybody knows that's it for them in the playoffs
Surprise fireside with the creator of Instagram, coming up!
Call today to find out how we can find you the perfect position.
Just talking to you puts me in a way better mood!!! 💋
Mr. Ryan, are u furry because ur egyptian?
Yeah Holla At Me At N Ill Send U The Price List!
watching the Titanic. Rose & Jack :)
smoke a bowl
At little brother's lacrosse game, parents should not be allowed to yell anything at HS sports games
that reminds me. Haha. I got asked..text me
I believe a congrats is in order? You're a
There should be a rule that whenever a Bush endorses anyone for President, a siren would sound and they would get a pie in the face.
Happy Thanksgiving.Enjoy time with family and friends.Love you all.
Hoes On My Dick Cuz I Look Like Justin Bieber
Art is great for the heart and soul!
BHS Spring Festival, presented by the Drama Dept. 7pm at Bellingham High School. $5 at the door.,
how many shows do u in a day
RT : Today Show features Lexington as 6th best place to raise a family out of the top 100 cities (Childrens' Health Magazine)
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. #Truth Vince Lombardi
Uh lemme get uh Turkey sandwich Uh lettuce tomato.....bitch!
I am coming to see you on May 21st. Or 20th. Which? You'll know by the trachten lingerie scattered over The Husbands.
there was a game when I was a school kid that involved conversing without using one specific letter
Lol, jk. I would never do cocaine. I'm not into that.
I figured you were still asleep or at guitars those are pretty good options these days
Come join for some line distance lessons at on Murfreesboro starting at 6pm tonight!
Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa… Pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa… Love Papageno.
goodnight everyone! :) xx
Whats the difference between a tornado and a redneck divorce? Nothing, either way someones losing their trailer :D
RT : Damn son .. Mayweather's nose is leaking .
Take advantage of the free stuff given to you.
Dont u hate it when someone calls ur inspirations/idols stupid? I hate it
you got this!
Too much smog in the air LA
what's neww??:D:D
hey waht was the messaqe you send me about ? lol
Get low in ya squat and swang ya arms~
It's mothers day!!! Thanks to my somewhat not really stage mom who I love till I can't have emotions anymore. 💙💜💚❤ happy mothers day mom!
TEDxCLE @ Cleveland Museum of Art
Hate guys that are picky as a mothafucka, can't fuck with that 🙅👎
I just got sanctified on y'all.
Thoughts to self, bus edition: She is *really* good at tail-whipping. She's whippin with conVICtion! (Lady in front of me with ponytail.)
January is the EPA's National Radon Action Month. Raleigh Radon is offering a New Year promotion: $115 for all tests through Jan. 31st!
Never going back to my docs.. They don't help me .
Like the makeup of the image rights panel. Since I work at a museum I'm really looking forward to this.
about to go on a 2 week fitness spree, cause i wanna look good for the summer.
the first to forgive IS the bravest- with or without an appology
How is your prediction of #Montana over sitting now?
#sdmayornp Dumanis wants transport and housing handled together. Filner attacks Marriott deciding TOT: special interest multinational.
trailing by 1 in 8th! #letsGoOs Rally caps fans!!!
LOL. That's what I do... but I continue to buy books for the reader I want to be.
I haven't noticed any heat issue, but I'll remember to keep that in mind, now. Is it actually not a big deal, then?
: RT sunsetstrip317 is the place to be this weekend Indy!! VIP upstairs!!!!
People make mistakes in daily life. Anything you want in life or join, it takes practice. Don't ever quit or you will quit everything else.
Pretty pumped to play at home this Friday night. Not very often I get to do an all ages show, especially with my seniors graduating so soon
Be smarter. Be cooler. Mist it.
Michael Spiller looks like Jon Hamm!
Our favorite bromance is complete again! Welcome back :')
Sir, yes, sir!
How's the Cetera treating you? RT : Dear , stop with the Adele already. Please, just stop.
They are pretty legit... I must say
what up shorty
need to figure out how to combine the events. Lego macs ftw!
it's all good! Got to pay the bills ;)
No instructions for product usage included with my #gossipgirl #birchbox... What's up with that?
its whatevs... shitll buff!! Have fun:)
Classic cars on the Circle! YES!
European players grow the interest in MLS; younger DP's grow the quality. Thinking interest is 1st priority now.
About to start cutting some people off, I have too many "friends" right now.
that's funny; my driver in seattle today was totally excited to square me too
Pack dominate Chicago. Yep, Jesus enjoyed his birthday!!!!!
A week from today i will be in chicago for a few days!
I've never been this excited to get an email from Amazon lol... my replacement camera is on its way!! :D
Hey guys. There is a train now from Downtown L.A. to the Westside. That means more bars to hop. Ride free this weekend.
I still DIE at Jennifer Saunders' cameo in SPICE WORLD
I think I'm pregnant. Everywhere I go smells like shit.
Yes, the Eyebrow Bar at Chandler Mall RT did you have an eyebrow threader in AZ?
I thought first period was super long 😞
Hilariousness is about to begin. RT : ...Barmes. For the first time in his major league career.
just hit the a wall! only got 2 hours of sleep.
hahah I love you.
Austin Rivers... Wow.
"How do we become relevant to the legislature?" learning to become effective advocates at
was it called Ladmo and Wallace?
On one hand I feel sorry for poor people,but on the other I know some that are just plain lazy,and want everything handed to them. UNRAVEL
What's the name of the article Damien?
for real man. So ready. Looks like June
Of course they are. Ain't like they've got anything else to do!
Man... I try to hold shit back and in the end I'm the one always alone in the dark.
Oh wait tomorrow is Friday: Jesus, my brain is fried!
Okay,so I am REALLY liking Joel Kinnaman in this black hoodie.
look at the tv and kameron blow gives up a grand slam.. cool
I had steak tonight.
so your girlfriend is from Florida you say?
Thanks for the #FF! :)
Midweek momentum. Every step is progress that brings it closer & closer. And I like how that feels....a lot!
My problem with Smurfs has always been that it sounds too much like smurbs. Which is a made-up word that only exists in my head. But still.
Doug Dawkins, great to have you on board!
Action items before REConnect: Get Canada, NZ and full international support and the ability to list rental properties.
This math test was excruciating :'(
RT Destiny is not a matter of change, it's a matter of choice; it's not to be waited for, it's to be achieved. - W.J. Bryan
Dont care if its so last year but i need to be a firey red head again! Need to get my mojo back :P
Wish I was having Spicy Dr. Pepper shredded pork! RT : Time to make dinner...what's everyone else having?
I can only assume this is a late April Fool's joke........
he wouldnt know wat 2 do with you, stay wit the brothers
What's the best non-fiction book you've read recently? Looking for something to read next after 5 books of Game of Thrones.
There now, steady, love, so few come and don’t go, will you, won’t you, be the one I always know.
we hangin out the window its bouta be a suge knight
Preferably a Fitness 24 or a church basketball court
Totally sucked into True Blood... Kristin Bauer sent me the first three seasons a couple weeks ago and I'm almost done with them...
BTW, I have witnesses (coworkers) who saw me jogging just in case you want evidence of my West Coast training.
You really can change, your reality is based on the way you think. Oprah
i need some sleep that doesnt involve me getting up for school
Watching The Breakfast Club with my love:) waiting for my sister to get home
I'm really disappointed in you Horrible list. Where is A$AP, Schoolboy Q, Chip tha Rip, 2Chainz? You have gotta be kidding me.
Today's National Teacher Day! If you can write your name, #thankateacher. If you followed your dreams, #thankateacher!
I saw some on ebay you can bid on that matches your description.
No, I don't think it's a funny joke to turn up the heat in the hot yoga room.
RT i be a super cuddle type of nigga in the mornings haha that shit funny to me ...
We will be open Christmas Eve - 9 pm. Open Xmas day for the Thunder game - anyone with a game ticket stub gets the first Domestic on us!
Fit and Fab "Sunday Edition"
Getting ready to rock the Biebob in Vosselaar, Belgium!!!! Not sure that this sounded 'proper' but that's ok.
: baby can't wait till you get here
Thank you Clifton Forge! A night to remember!
My Mom was born in Deadwood.
Please RT: Authors who visit schools: Get listed: www.illustratorauthor.com
I applaud your integrity, miss.
This is my life....
But I'd love to see what a librarian does on vacation! :)
You know I <3 you! :) And I was bored
shit was rigged! Tiny old people are more aerodynamic.
Don't hate cuz is spot on every time about Truth hurts bro
me too! is an awesome draw-er, though.
my niece she half black half Puerto Rican.
SO delish. I love this place!!
are you only in the UK?
how you gon blow wit out me ?
Oh god. That's one of the worst I've seen.
Take the Lead Lehigh Valley Girl Scouts honor Frances Hesselbein w/ the centennial award today!
The chick that plays Angela on the Office tries so hard to be funny in real life
and informed me that today is #PhilCollins day!! Awesome! #sussudio #againstallodds Random.
haha of course I'm still alive!! Just been #toobusytotweet :/ are you alive?
Coral looks good on anything, especially lips and nails.
tweet tweet tweet!
(the question not the book) through a relentless investigation of and engagement of radical political groups
Can't you see sweet thang.
I didn't think things would come to a head so quickly for Paterno and Spanier They are both toast.
Good luck to the #HOOSIERS and #BULLDOGS tonight!
Az much az o luv Women I'm bout to turn These cards over
girl your not white
This I must see. I'll try to stop by after work.
Always and only big boys at Alchemy. No 'session' beers.
Well it's off to bed. good night.
Thanks for the link. Definitely will do in the future. I now have Rocket Scripts off so Disqus works. Should I still report it?
I really hope you wouldn't talk to that tramp! Lol
2011 Cannes Film Festival Coverage
Momentum Shift! Let's go #Yankees!!!
damn they be having you work late
Talk on making classrooms transparent: ie making everything except the grade visible to all students at all times.
#VAUMC11 How can those who are wheelchair bound participate in a standing vote?
#Palko is a boss
share me on ur twitter I need followers !!
Dave Franco tho, omg
My BMI showcase show is tomorrow Weds!!! Come on out!! Very important show. Starts at 6pm sharp at the Basement here in Nashville.
Love my parents! Thank you for being so supportive!
so do you know if your coming to school tomorrow yet?
its funny, I feel like DC is the smallest big city.
Thanks for stopping by! We know the little ones will enjoy those toy-filled baskets! RT : Decided to fill Easter baskets with...
We're at the point now where it takes Kobe a lot more than 48 hours to recover from a hard quarter covering a team's PG.
About to knock out this paper tho
twitter now <<
Who are some artists that have helped you through difficult times?
Talking about the weirdest instances in which you have been unfollowed on Twitter next - ZenLive.tv
Today, if you walk down Michigan Ave. in Lansing, you might get a free Jimmy John's sandwich. If you ask for veggie option, you might get 2
BIG but delightful trouble
“Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.” -Gandhi
When I'm hungry, I don't like people.
Having a great day building new contacts online - enjoying twitter and www.organicchurchtoday.com come and join in the conversation
Benefits of an Indoor Fitness Class
Those commercials with ladies talking about wiping their butts is one of the reasons I love living in this era!!! Also Shazam.
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the next meeting (our first!) Meet you soon.
Yeah, I remember them not being that great a few years back. I think next year could be their year. I like Spallina.
Happy Birthday Dave Gahan. :D
I know! Showers & storms may keep you up/wake you up early....
OK two run Sox lead in the eighth. What could possibly go wrong?
lol, it sound like you can't stand dat nigga
#140 "The Hisser" pushed/pulled the 1st test train; 140 did what it does best, made that lengthy hissing noise, twice...
Watching #thevoice while studying for my exams tomorrow is the best way to do anything!
all do it.
Writing cover letters is lame.
I'm following you : Thanks so much. Enjoy the weekend ;)
Austin is flawless ♥
Excited for the unveiling of the Golden Hill Farmers' Market. What a great addition to the neighborhood.
Finally, common sense prevails.
Growing up in Nebraska, it was my dream to learn from Danny Nee. Now he is here at workouts studying drills and recruiting my kids
I don't get too TIPSY n being HARD is too RISKY!
Agh! I killed the yeast!
complete opposite of SKC
thank you so much for your prayers and support!! Hope that we can see your show soon! God bless!!
hey... How ya been?... Lol get out here and enjoy this weather
hahaha i thought it was kinda easy too... yeah, we're both screwed lmao
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself.
Trump wants to see bin laden death certif; denies his hair is al qaida safe house
Re: WEST "I'm hoping to see this show again - it's a wonderful surprise, full of talent. Watch out for the bears." Mary Foster Conklin
“: Boom Boom Pow radio day.. I miss you!!! see you Friday!!!” I like.
I like it! Who's your ghostwriter? Just kidding :)
End of an era for the yankees it seems. Who do you guys have taking the world series?
These clown ass niggers that call themselves the GMB
The heat won't lose this series they jus makin it interesting to give the media somethin to talk about
While, I (& many others) are happy that the comic book movie has finally been perfected; or damn near close to it.
: I want them all, too! :) So glad to hear you enjoy the blog!
they are onsale right NOW!!! get em before they sell out.
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform of 2006 was a extensive bill promoting major immigration reform
What a pooper of a day. I hope tomorrow is better.
RT “: “I’m not familiar precisely with exactly what I said, but I stand by what I said whatever it was.” - Mitt Romney”
heard about a drink with a big red inside of it.
where is she?
An active old lady, who I could tell was quite a looker in her day, brought me a glass of water when she saw me doing yard work in the heat.
you miss Beasley at all?
Happy Defender's Day everybody! Catch me on the Mark Steiner Show tonight at 6:30 PM talking more about it.
Who do you think you are. Running around leaving scars. Collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart
hahahah I'll have to check it out.
Cotto got on pink knee high socks... He lost already
follow friday? why not :) have a good weekend everyone!
It's party time at cisv Halifax!!
he should say how his servers are great for cloud based-geolocalized html5 SaaS mobile applications with async backend push
#PackerNation let's welcome Worthy and Hayward !!!
Can I have her?
Haha..thank you, he's a great dog :)
plzz im begging you !!
no i really really want to tho have u?
Ah, I totally understand. I hope you are feeling much better soon!
on God they do lol
uh huh.
"The Walking Dead" best zombie show ever on TV
I just wanna go to bed. I'm sick once again.
Let's Go Bucky!
the weekend show tonight :)))
If your living your LIFE without giving an "F" then clearly your living a L.I.E.
End of Summer Web design sale. Get a professional web design up to 5 pages for $399. Logos for $99. Hurry Special ends Oct 1! kinedoinc.com
Crying for the past hour over Ryan.
i has cable, but I've been catching up on HBO Sunday night tonight.
At work right now Ah
The fur on your new kitty looks...um... plush. But seriously, way awesome of you for adopting!
Looking forward to the housewarming tonight in Boulder. See you all soon.
Good afternoon everybody!!!
come over!!
Some stories truly never get old! Love it. :)
Sears Back to school offering Mouse pads saying "I molested you honor student." and others Please RT. We need to stop this!
Some people tell us they notice healthier looking skin.
I didn't send you a dm. I got hacked today. Sorry for that.
on the 950; check TOTN page at NPR.org to see what Mary Jane Watson says about me in "The Many Loves of the Amaz-ng Spiderman"
I want a big dick inside my wet pussy right now
Money team. :)
have you gotten any offers on your music. Ever thought about coming to the states? You have a unique attractive look You'll do
Fred Savage and Howie Mandel, you can't go wrong!
Awesome show last night ! Y'all need to come to Murfreesboro and play for the #MTSU crowd
Tonight's the reception at the Daily Transcript for San Diego's "Top Influentials" of 2011. I'm proud to be one, couldn't have done it alone
Sonja needs to quit turning the lights off in the living room when I'm still in here.
So my shirt glows in the dark guys (x
its the first snap of the last straw where the last regrets out weigh the alcohol! LOVE this song ;)
what other thing lol
school was terrible hahaha to much things to do -.- I need summer now! :/ & you're so lucky hahah
Ok fellow #madmen fans, I think we can simmer down... Just Don having some crazy illness-induced dreams.
I don't have boobs. Now what?
awesome! See you there!
Hope You are feeling better, Amit Ji! Coke Studio is Rocking! You should See/listen to Jugni Ji. What An Awesome composition! :)
it's all good! Cast a wicked spell for me!
How the hell do you do this Twitter thing? I might as well just send email to my friends.
18 year old guido kid just got on the elevator. This is the motherfucking midwest. Get out.
same here!!
lolol Orlando distinguishes itself yet again
Though I did learn is quite an influencer. She's got #Klout on wine and children's books
Got taste for 2 mcChickens with cheese and bacon with a large fry and drink....OMG I'm starving !
Wish i had some food in this place.. Or maybe a blanket or pillow. Living like a homeless person right now.
Do any guys use Pinterest? Or is that exclusively a woman thing?
Wait, there are still people "icing" one another? I can't believe that lasted for more than a month.
Let's go oregon state beat washington :)
just look @ the pic i made you today and youll feel all better.
Come check out my presentation at the Sheraton Resort at Anaheim (CA) today - 12:30pm(PST) - on EmPOWERment. It's going to be fun and...
Happy Veterans Day!! May God bless those who have served and those who continue to serve our country in uniform!!
Got my DJ gear today for my shows.... just waiting on my new Korg keyboard to come in and then i'll be ready to rock some shows for Jesus!
Am I running sound tonight?
do you remeber performing at Camp About Face in Martinsville, IN?? i think you came in 2001 or 2002.. i was there! :)
friends who live alone: how did you make yourself feel okay about super high rent? or was it just plain worth it?
Im really hyper right now lol
we totally should! I won't be back in NYC for about a month but I'll ping you then... I'm always game for anything choc/sweet
"I just wanna feel real love, feel the home that I love in. Cause I got too much life running through my veins going to waste..."
Popeye's for lunch!
Happy Thanksgiving! *Gobble Gobble*
me too!
Mean. Bad. Nice logo! Assho. I couldn't forget if I didn't have OCD----they click in my EARS what's a synonym for crazymaker?
Mobb Deep fans had reason to worry back in April when a series of negative tweets from Havoc's account, directed at Prod
Wow NASA actually has a freaking twitter...amazing....
We're in a band, guys!
I'm not perfect but u know what I am me 100% American made
i think nadine will win!
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
I certainly hope that's true. He is a gifted young man.
I need to text someone psss give me ur number he!!
El Pulgarcito got a much needed little makeover. Some new menu items too.
SHOW US A PICTURE :)
always a pleasure, I'm sure... Lol!
Going to watch my new favorite show on Jetflicks - Modern Family as I run. Thanks
You're good to go as long as you're a subscriber! We'll make sure you get some swag.
you're welcome! :D
*Tanning Specials TODAY* From 8a-12noon, get 2 UV Tans for $9.99 or Buy 3 Instant Tans for $45! Receive 30% off your ENTIRE purchase all day
Where is the pre-film lunch happening?
Always the bum hoes wanna show the most skin...
Martin! Thanks for sending live from Sweden! ": You are quite a pro by now , send our love to your famiy"
After u say "yea" or "oh ok" the conversation is pretty much over.
Early to bed, early to rise, somethingsomethingsomething = ME.
Is ESPN blocking that game in NY tonight? Eff that; I wanna see Shaun White send it tonight @ Winter X Games.
i want to be on
thank you for following us, new york times rocks.
Ori still loves you and I bet she remembers the day you 2 met
“: Entrepreneurs are tested more in landing than in taking off.” ain't that the
Just drove back to #Fishtown from Gap, PA. Ugly outside. Stay in and watch
": The money don't never sleep"
Allow me to point out - I am not a #Heat fan. I am a basketball fan. Watching #Mavs basketball has made me hate the game for years.
- we know people.
Hey we may be up for a competition her at #uwmjmc307!
I guess he just really needed to smoke. I just knew he would light the blunt on the bus just cause he didnt care who saw him!
silly, right?
Pick-A-Boo! :D
thank you for recommending us as a place to visit in Houston! We appreciate it!
Indeed- especially the process of emptying them out!
In debate class were like doing this project thingy and i bombed a place (:
Thank you darling! RT : :D, Your skin and smile look GREAT !!
I'm even more worried about the threat to the American Community Survey (replacement for Census long form).
I changed my pic to the best hockey player ever!!!!!!!!!!! =P
Let's go tweeps --» If you enjoy + new video - Text You're My Baby to 18764442453
Thank you for the mention! Hope you had a great weekend!
No Vaseline - Ice Cube
There. Is. Nothing. Better than popcorn.
after being sick and not eating well or working out, I feel like I need to be extra healthy just to get back to normal
Still bummed about a field goal miss but today this #BSU fan is cheering for
how do you know the Rose figure already? Thought it was 30% of salary cap # (which has not been set)?
Could a real broham bring a coffee to the duck blind I'm in over 14th st & I75? Don't make too much noise.
Tips to County Board candidates. Don't make accusations of criminal behavior that are easily debunked
I wasn't aware it was a bad thing
(&I) agree Team iLuminate Best! SamB made me laugh. Loved Zuma Zuma Taylor Davis nice voice wrong song selection Fatally - good
New video in a half hour!
Don't let the San Diego icon fool you - the iPhone app from last year also works for
The Incredible Titties
I feel like reddit is the dude version of pinterest
What would happen if George Washington climbed down from his Mt Vernon pedestal and made moves on Man/Woman? LUV! Still plenty tix for I Do!
Sorry about that - our twitter account was compromised. We've fixed the issue.
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 7
On our way to Jersey for the home game. Got a few more friends to come along for the ride. Hoping for a big win tonight.
I got me a Valentine
Put a deposit on a new place today... moving sucks but I'm muy.... muyyyy.... EXCITED!!
Hey are they the ones in that weird industrial area by Edmonds maintenance building? You like?
We're a new restaraunt in Lakeview serving fresh sandwiches, homemade soups, and salads.
Haters can´t bring me down!!
Port Allen Mayor Derek Lewis will resign because of his pending federal racketeering indictment as part of Operation Blighted Officials!
Here's one solution to God's problem of how to talk to people who were afraid to talk face to face. Deuteronomy 18:15-20
Agreed! RT : PTI is one of the best shows ever in the history of television. Yes, I said it.
hurts! Come on Raiders. smh
and how. 17 years at it.
Well, I'm not sure it is a good film, but it's memorable. Hope you do get on screens someday. You've got great presence.
Who cares take the penalty, this is just sad to watch. They need to just walk off.
Nice! Good luck. Dunno how much time you have, but you gotta eat @ Shake Shack, Bleecker Street Pizza, or Artichoke Basille's.
his company's brand. His, not 'the.'
Thinking about what type of legacy to leave behind
Today (or maybe this week...or month?), is my favorite friend. :)
dislikes holding an umbrella more than being wet.
I know it is only Tuesday but I am already thinking about the weekend. Any suggestions for good things to do in #SanDiego this weekend?
good atmosphere, it's larger, just as close to the farm, they serve food, and it's on a hilltop so really scenic!
She was joking? lol
‎"Without strategy, execution is aimless. Without execution, strategy is useless."
huh, perfect sense.
Screw the naysayer wordpress can be used for large sites -
Good afternoon everyone. Have a blessed day! God bless... Joel 3:10!
Good morning #TeamFitness. Let's make it a point to be in #BeastMode all week. Let's Go!!!
Dick Vitale just called Todd Graham "gutless" during the Pitt/Louisville B'ball game
hey follow me! #1 (:
Thank you everyone for your support!! Check out the site and buy a brick for your loved one!
Thanks, man! RT The best when it comes to betting with convenience. The partnering with was pure genius
haha sweet! What's your user?
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
Spring Break: Phase I: Ford Field, Detroit. Phase II: TBD (Studio or San Francisco). Phase I: Exhibition baseball, Milwaukee.
I just have to say what u posted about Vickie was right on the ball I applaud you
Sorry, I haven't been on here guys. I've been super busy, who is ready for 's CD? :D
Stay strong through the pain, because you can't make a rainbow without any rain.
Fucking hate twitter sometimes... I'm on tweetlimit for no reason...
send me phone numbers get my iphone in a week @
Just got up, now I'm getting some thing to eat!! ;-)
Checking my email.....Wow alot to read!
movies was great now its time for me to sleep so goodbye
Even if I showered this morning?
Happy Birthday Amy!! Love ya! have a great day, you deserve it :)
happy b-day to me;-)
Day 4 in Big data week house and looking forward to another amazing day discussing Big Data and revenue today
word our society has imprisoned God endeavoring to subjugate Him to our whimsical nature & human conceptions.
saved on my phone too !! <3
it means "fuck your mother" in spanish
oh shit I'm on PS3
These gabana sunshades block the sun rays.... Weezy F
awh <3 i cant stay away from my prince <3
Congratulations, in particular, to Prof. Terry Harpold, winner of best presentation for "Wikis as Teaching Tools"
- I feel like I've been trampled by a herd of truckers
Everyone wants the truth..But no one wants to be honest
Hey look they all use a Mac, on a desk, exciting! Oh that guy has 2 bloody Macs. Wow!
Now she wanna text back<<<<
If Mitt Romney beats Obama then I'll believe in the Mayan calendar
for the sake of irony
Aw, thanks!(: <3 & I'll definitely tweet you sometime.(:
Rangers going to the WORLD SERIES!!!!!!! Yay woo hoo ... So excited <3
Running for a Cause: Top 10 Accessories for Any Runner - Yahoo! Sports
Sometimes I forget to remember!
'Fortywater, Bring me up to Speed, PIMP!'
Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years.
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
Tebow added as a backup really shows what the league thinks of him. He's about as welcome as a porn star at the Oakdale high school prom.
...you just missed your Italian Stallion. He asked me for the Asian girl from the front desk ..wooohoooo
new cut n sew all over screen printed shirts now available!
Regarding routing and workflow, always eager to hear about specific issues and suggestions!
Some days, Draw Something makes me feel even more stupid and less artistic than usual.
Woo hoooooooooo when I feel heavy metal
Dreaming about finals, school, death and work.
I just got told by a customer that "you are like Sassy Scrubs if Ed Hardy bought them!" I will take that as a compliment!
A toddler just barely able to speak sang " I go by "Titty two necklace" -_-
LIFE CHANGING INFO UNLOCK AUTISM 5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior Social Sensory Speech. Email for talk recording
I wonder if seniors date sophomores,,,guess well find out eh?
Best. Tweet. Ever. XD RT : RT : On a caffeine high listening to ^.^
Couldn't agree more. Bushnell's article gave me much needed insight for a character I've been forever developing.
its not just friday, its also the start of the second annual friendship-day week.
I have extra 4 tickets 4 NCAA tourney in Portland Session 1-First game time 10:40am. Let me know if you are interested
i love plotting library futures with can you be the admin of my perfect library? i'll be head of undergrad research.
You turncoat! lol :)
I'm currently chillin on the couch, watchin THE MATRIX on TV. That Neo sure can jump y'all! Glad he took the red pill
Shape Your Body And Personality With The Exciting Boot Camps In Pennant Hill
Tom Koulopoulos taking the stage at
AC broken in the office, it's 82 and climbing ... guess I won't need that sweater today.
I've had like ten people ask me what's wrong today.
Darius Miller Test Drive, sign up here in the show room for a test drive and enter to WIN a Signed Basketball by Darius Miller.
That description is awesome yet frightening.
She tgink she a good girlfriend dat wit me she a never be
I expecting to have an Android update later tonight or early tomorrow. Faster uploads & better compatibility with some newer phones.
they do not call him the viper for nothing
my allergies are blocking up my creativity..........
and by march madness, I mean go watch the crazy guy eat his underwear outside the 7-11 on 8th street
that looks like Japanese nuclear meltdown vomit
Dominance: #Nationals' Henry Rodriguez closes 9th against the #Reds with 3 Ks on 10 pitches.
Just got my Amazon gift card from !!! Very much appreciated and so timely with the holidays approaching :)
RT : Shorthanded goal by Dan Labosky completes the hat trick for the junior Colorado College recruit and makes it 9-0
Think Im finna take a nap.... sounds good to me.!!
Happy birthday ! You've given me years of stories and a way to bond with my parents and I didn't get you a thing! Forgive me
Friday night with Pink Floyd playing
Bonus of living in NM: free spa treatments! Today I was treated to free microdermabrasion (e.g. wind blasting my face with sand). ;)
Wine blogger tasting at Monte Bello vineyard
Trying hit mall of America
Thanks so much for the RT And thank you for the #WW You guys are the best :)
Inappropriate "trashcans" replaced by real trashcans in #blackstoneVA. Mayor Coleburn & town clerk Daniel set things right.
From listen to local sports talk radio there seems to be several UK fans who wouldn't mind having him as the head man.
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like."
neither site is working still...
(Forgot about you not watching many movies. :)) That's right, Capt America was the motorcycle dude.
Just scanned 6 different appraisals for one guy who bought 6 engagement rings. All priced above $17,000 a piece. Where can I find one of him
I just have a hard time playing characters that everyone else uses. I would love to see a random sindel win a major though
wait...wha? The Pro Bowl was on this weekend? Who knew....
"Paradise is here or nowhere: you must take your joy with you or you will never find it." -O.S. Marden
these vagina trees are killin me.
; remember when we were best friends?
RT Not a good couple days for knees. Gamel. Gonzalez. Rose. Shumpert. Rivera. Davis. Yikes.
Have you planned an event yet?
This cruise better come fast!
I got a Geronimo Stilton in Chinese today. I refuse to believe I ordered it.
Yo tomaro friday happy goin to see the silent house
I'm tired of going after somebody who doesnt even want me back ;\
yea right thats mothers day... Noones gonna get off!:/
And as you know, I'm not a "dog person," and yet it did it to me.
Not sure why they call it "Playing" catch up... cause this is not a very fun game! #Emails grrr!
Yay! Me..i get to be at practice at 6:45 in the morning!! What joy -_-
Seriously bro, please stop
heading off for the night, will catch up tomorrow, cheers and good luck
Colorado!! We are hiring a Copier technician. Please call 303-778-0600 if you are interested in this full-time job.
Jane Paradise says you'll be at 2d st tonight. I still owe you a beer, I think...
Lean On Me #np thank the lord for my supportive family and boyfriend through thick and thin
Twilight: Breaking Dong (am I doing this right?)
hell yeah it was so crazy and the weather was nice as hell .. next trip u hav to come
Enjoyed working with new studio client from Louisiana producing great song last couple of days.
Financing Homes Across Indiana for 29 Years, Community Mortgage, Indiana lender 877-829-7161
good Morning all!
Naw, I mean it all. Points and rebounds near even. LB has more assists and steals, Durant has more blocks and 3's.
": Hunger Games had an impressive opening weekend. For a film without Batman in it."//Best tweet of 2012 so far
im ready to go hard homie.
Thanks Lee :) Hope your Sunday has been good.
LOL OH yes!
In from Cincy to come to ...looking forward to a great day!
RT schl library spaces should be... a place where everybody knows your name.
yeah totally dude. Are you going to the show?
lol that's no necessary lol we just friends we get along better or else imma turn into crazy bm lol
What, don't respond to my text? It wasnt that weird..
#VCU is giving Indy a run! Gotta love that Shaka Smart. Oregon, WI native!
Nice. Enjoy.
I am so proud of the people from "Melrose" that are graduating Tuesday, y'all did it! 👍👍🎓🎓🎉🎉
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture Hottest Fashions
that's what I'm listing to... Brings back memories I didn't even know happened
I think I'm gonna buy a potted plant to grow. Check out my green thumb. :)
Cuter guys here Lol D&b Lol j.k
Happy Friday readers! My #FridayReads is Bossypants by the fantastic Tina Fey
all night doors opened at 6 pm were open till 4am. Just mention my name as the promoter and your good. Thanks Phillip Hawkins
Ignore my text one shame on you, ignore me twice shame on me. Lolzz ✌
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following!
it's good! Now I just have to figure out what to do with the worlds largest loaf of bread haha
Actions speak louder than words ..!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Harry potter and the sorcerers titties! ⚡
Q: "Do you keep hope that thing will improve now that president Obama has promised he will do something about it?"
Coming up next week talks Terence McKenna and The Invisible Landscape and film techniques using fractals to imitate deep space
Good M0rninG ! ( ü ) dude have a nice day ;D
Love is a game that two can play and both win. Eva Gabor
macaulay lab has sounds from all sorts of animals, not just birds, from cornell lab of ornithology.
Mad Men: To The Moon! (And Crashing Back Again) - Huffington Post
wavy flow.
You know how much someone loves you when you manage to get them entirely disappointed.
That quiz is tough! And I thought I was up with my scores.
naw nigga it wasnt that real. But it was good as fuck though
Dont expect accents. A lot of ppl there do not have them. its quite dissapointing.
Does anyone know if Bags still has any "Brown Hand Center Good Hands of the Game" eligibility remaining?!? [Too soon to crack that one?!?]
What time?
We've got THE "it" gift for Valentine's 2011. Details to come soon. Watch this space.
STAR WARS IS ON OH EM GEE! :D
Join us and 1,000 inbound marketers September 15-16 in Boston
hey i heard you were a wild one
Is it the full moon making everything so loud? Dogs howling & barking, loons going crazy, the cicadas are deafen- OMG VAMPHIRE!
the guy from jack-ass.
Whatever you are focusing will show itself. Mine just did
hey please follow me please (:
hey ray, how the hell are you?
When you assume... choose the other option. Dex is at Disneyland.
Diet vs the gym! Which one is better???
If Kobe played 4 the Milwaukee bucks id follow them! Deal with it! Haters and uneducated ppl
Had THE best time last night..lots of moments..got to spend time with the people I enjoy the most
Taking in Manhattan with my lady—qualifies as one beautiful Monday.
Peace and Blessing to You are So Fab.... :-)
Geez! I still have to get some cards out.
get on skype....
im holding you to it!
Likewise Lisa. Let's do it again soon. Maybe next time we shoot to be on Jerry Springer. Great seeing you!
Yoo my mom just brought me a Chicken Burger :)
I believe that the cultural fit of a job is an important component of job satisfaction. This article makes an interesting connection that …
They took er' jubs!
I need to understand FireEagle better then. At 1st glance seems to expect user to do/know a lot about location.
My cat enjoys licking my toes.. I wonder if he enjoys my obnoxious laugh too :)
Sad thing is I have no idea where my brother is right now. He's 17 and I haven't seen him since he was 12. I really do miss him <//3
Mike Aiken's First Christmas EP "Almost Christmas" is sure to be on constant repeat this holiday season when go visit family in Georgia.
Hope we win today!:)
#rAndom ok I'm fux up noW lol
Aw shucks. Come up and vist DC in to visit Beertown in July. Love to have you.
I don't wanna talk about it.
IION GOT TIME FOR FOOLISHNESS DOE
we'll start being around more come mid-July. We'll be posting on FB and twitter letting ppl know when they can stop by.
every time i think i find a bug in deform_boostrap, once i dig into it, has already figured it out and it's my own fault..
#SUPPORTED by you 1st #TeamFollowBack autism walk may 20th in Atlantic station starts at 8am walk for a cause
Settling in with wax poetics and billy ocean while sipping rye cocktail.
NGOs should package information relevant for the pipo they work with and some useful information is on social media platforms
It does make me feel better having an eyebrow twin :) Good thing for eyebrow pencils, phew
Awesome! "top female blogger in the UK!"
And why would a sane person bungee jump over croc infested rapids? It's like going fishing.
Ramsey is Clams...how on earth didn't you pass the ball to Van Persie...
YES just from the 1 minute I met her for she seemed so warm and vivacious. Would love to have her for a teacher!
Fantastic quote this morning: : "A successful team beats with one heart." --Unknown”
thanks for the RT! :)
Haha.. that's a very generous report! Thank You! you guys & aka. Herr Goldfinger RULE!!!
did you know Jason derulo broke his neck!?
Heat game and Os game
one can only hope...
TODAY'S THE DAY! New Vampire Diaries & Secret Circle starting tonight at 8 on CW20!
Y'all need to go to bed!
working in rg217. rev war stuff.
were not dating. BUT UR MINE.
Sometimes I can't tell if that sound outside my window is a morning dove or someone lightly choking a baby.
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
it was on!?dayumm im watching Shrek <3 i love Donkey lml
Heading out to meet up with Amanda's family. Then dinner with and his lady
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can play an instrument.
I like it!
Trying to decide if I should buy a car. I don't need one, but sometimes it's nice to just drive down LakeShore.
when uses big words <<<
it's ok. I found it on YouTube :)
Why are people talking shit tho?
did u miss me ?
do you prefer hard copy or electronic submissions?
"If you need to get to Manhattan don't stay on this train." -- L train conductor
#YoungAdult #YoungPro #WorshipNight is in two hours!!! Be there! 4112 Garland Drive in Raleigh, 7-9pm. We love you and want to #celebrate!
surf conditions are great today!
Its been a while since I've been this tired! lol
Obviously if we wanted to be with you, he would. bitches causing drama, always
Google officially owns my life.
not all spanish men are perverted. There's still some of us that like being gentlemen.
I MADE THE AUDITIONS! Omgomgomgomg
If you have to drive in Stockton this afternoon, stay away from downtown.
This tweeter thing stills seems weird to me.
“ ": Loyalty over Everything..."”
Thank you, Mo'Kelly! I appreciate the kind words! Looking forward to Saturday's show!!
time to practice like a champion
I don't like to where the color purple it makes u look old and lame
I can't say anything about your skewed thinking, but it does seem like a real possibility that people will start thinking the 'museum ex ...
get your refund !
I like to move it move it #butts ;)
ugh guys suck im up way too early grumpy gona go back to sleep peace out
Visit us tonight for a #foodiechat special just say #foodiechat tots or pizza anyone?
Traffic Accident US 29 southbound at i-64W ramp. left lane blocked
And how'd you do?
Before you go thinking I'm white trash maybe I should remind you that there's wine inside this styrofoam cup.
i hope he does hahahahahahaha
Eating at Ruby Tuesday (:
Off to my cousins baseball game!
I don't know, but that is a great band name
um whose birthday cake is that?!
happy birthday good Sir.
I guess. Lol
Heading to KC today. Just can't get good barbeque any closer to home.
Is it really 88 degrees.. in marshfield at the beach <3
I'm gonna step out on a limb and call myself a Linux guru. Very curious, why on earth would you choose SUSE?
hey ! can u follow me? i love U !
Jay Matthes. First one ready at the Matthes house.
Yes, I did just use the ladies bathroom at the bar.
Just got an exclusive listen to s next single "Now Or Never". It sounds hot, should be a Top 10 hit!
What's your big fat failure? More importantly, what did you learn from it?
Hell has three gates: lust, anger, and greed. Make sure we guard these gates and get out quickly!
RT : Unpunctuality is probably my biggest pet peeve. Six o'clock means SIX. Not five after. Not ten. SIX.
do you like your chicken fried or choked?
Tablet Face-Off: Budget Models From Acer and Asus vs. Apple's iPad 2 - PCWorld
thanx for mention. U have awesome dedicated trainers. I've seen great results from your bootcamps/nutrition plans
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 2, 2012 UC Berkeley wins $60 million for computer center UC Berkeley has won a $60 million grant
I don't know what to tweet.
“ Whyy we always argue bout the same thing .”' Man
RT : We've got extra buttons! I'll drop one by your office tomorrow <- you'll be out of bed?
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND MY GOONIES....WE MIGHT NOT BE READY BUT WE NEVER SAY DIE...
"A man's real possession is his memory. In nothing else is he rich, in nothing else is he poor." -Alexander Smith
I realize that I'm about to get beat up for this but I don't get the Hope Solo obsession. She's not really that hot
I hope the latest post presages an announcement re. the much awaited (and lusted after) iOS app. Seriously.
#NFAIS12 Gen Y doctoral students believe in sharing work in principle, but most don't in practice.
#Dananjay #8 in the next at
eat that thing like wanton joking baby im pimp type
Both Libya and Syria have seen uprisings against a dictatorial regimes in past year, but are the two comparable?
Have you ever gone home after school, looked in the mirror and said, "Oh God, did I look like this all day?"
I did not say that. Mr. Green playing my husband did though. I just stuck with the NOD. Perspective! It's frozen dinners not Bruckheimer.
Come on, Joe...lyrics ARE real life!
- thanks for the follow. Merry Christmas & happy holidays!
If you live in the cities of Chicago and San Francisco watch for our flyer in the mail. www.hairlink.co
lol where at?
Thanks for coming to the forum last night and for engaging online!
yes, my speed reading exercises are paying off tonight
really how is it possible then? radio is very expensive
Traffic is a bitch when it's raining -.-..now time to relax till 630 then pick my mom up and go to some "Nepal new year" dinner party
haha his songs better not suck, he's a great performer
So blessed to b able 2 walk my kids 2 the bus stop on the first day of school. Being a hands on Mommy is the single most important job!
To I have to turn my phone off at 11pm my time if you need me just dm I am here 4 you all.
“If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh
Pretty much the only reason I like living here is the smooth transition from winter/spring/summer. We've had none of that.
Hello out there , and ! Thank you for the follow...
Yesterday I gave an impromptu 100 second presentation about baseball. Can I add that to my CV?? :)
Wife came home today bringing king cake, REAL french bread and cheap tasty red wine, all imported from Louisiana. Miss it so much.
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
I appreciate that ALOT, Lori...I am just a regular guy who played #bytherules #4GTweets no bots, no deception,
I never really thought about the added costs shipping the larger bottles, thanks for that!
#MUSICREVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club - Plymouth Pavilions - Island Records
!! RT : A4: Culture doesn’t just happen without a set of rules. Leaders must be the “steering wheel” to keep brand on track.
Single most overrated metric in marketing: Number of Facebook fans.
One is a job, and one is a hobby. But anything to make money and stay afloat in this topsy-turvy economy of ours.
cool! Let's get in touch and work together! Got time for a mtg?
Nothing in the mail from
Theme for today - Grow where you are planted
nytnyt and sweet dreams allie~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear friend <3
great times
duh twin I'm coming out lol
- did you receive our DM?
Gotta be at work @ 5am. Ugh. Going to sleep.
....Friday the 13th!
I like how the office gets me and my sisters classes mixed up
and outplay the rock band that is
I liked your school FB page to help you get to 25 so you can get your URL. Looks great - good luck!
Wait until you see the #friendiversary pictures. You wanna talk cute!
I'm miss y'all the mostest! Not even sure I spelled that right :) haha
We have the right to be guilty untile proven something else . We are living in a world of change.Need to press the reset button
Matching books 2 teen boys ~ 2 of the hottest titles in our library were written by authors who r also screen writers: A. Klavan + D.Gilman
#follow me poker playing degen
I'm doing it for muscle growth and strength. Summer is around the corner. :)
The broncos need a real quarterback so they're looking at peyton now
- glad to see you on Twitter!
what's the word mayne?
Orioles are going to win the AL Pennant.
Thanks for the tweet favorite!
Thanks for the mention, Kay. Have a great Tuesday!
Cincinnati. Please take the time to check out the our tent!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96% thats 5x higher than emails. So y r u still sending emails out to customers? Learn more @ 916-420-6020
#idol in Pittsburgh baby!
i miss my childhood
I appreicate the dialogue even though I feel differently. I hope he (& the rest of the team) can elevate past this mess.
WE ONLY REPLY TO THE SERIOUS EMAILS, IF YOU'RE "TALENTED" SUBMIT YOUR EMAIL #Thankyou A 100% ENT
Because it is awesome!
Always!! “: Train 4 Win ”
Hello love....
good move
studio time
Hey! follow me for amazing healthy snack ideas!!
#alecexposed #alecwatch Are corps writing off ALEC activities as "charitable donations?" Just wondering.
#marijuana is the most common way HIV/AIDS is transmitted. but if you dont smoke it, you probably wont get aids. be smart say NO.
Wow here at work and just hearing about Donna Summer...RIP
but c'mon Chris that tweet was just dumb. I'm sure Bron and Brown took a legit arse kickin'. Them dudes wasn't in ever game
Here we go!
Preciate the SO. Stay locked for all the discounts!
MGC will be a great opportunity for paranormal researchers to come together and share knowledge and new findings.
If they really want to help send Garcia to the Red Sox bullpen !!!!
holla at me!
Ever dream of learning tennis from an actual pro? Paul gets his first lesson at Kim Grant Tennis Academy, this Saturday (4/3/10) @ 5:30pm.
At home at last!
I guess you didn't see the postgame press conference lol
I haven't watched any football this season.
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
REAL friends wouldn't let you do dumb shit.
A toast to a fresh new year focus on what you really want and go after it like theres no tomorrow.
All things bright and beautiful
"Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow." - Lawrence Clark Powell
Hey, - I'm a Code Year Cataloger!
which #METgala looks did you guys like best?
I'm doin a chicken tacos and hot chocolate meaal right now Lol
It's probably what's best for you, I only want the best for you, and if I'm not the best then you're stuck.
Indpls is looking for a lead actor in their upcoming stage play previously played by Tony Grant
Hogs win the series over the #2 Florida Gators Woo Pig Sooie!! Now lets Go Celtics!!
Sorry, I was working!
Looks like my invite got lost HA! Reporters aren't welcome and I don't have $40,000 in loose change.
lol my little sister told me that's what my grandpa calls her.
so sick and tired of hypocrites! im not the only one whos has made a few mistakes, your not perfect///
Good run for SKC. No shame in losing this one.
left handed more like best handed
Somebodyy take me to Alabama >.<
If you see that we are following you, please follow us. We love you guys. Thank you and God bless! Also, like us on!!
Anyone wanna voxer me?
reminder - “: Hey #UVa Students, Chalking on brick sidewalks is prohibited per the record. Just a heads up!”
Packed with ten sports, Kinect Sports drops you controller-free into an eclectic variety of athleticism.
Interesting to see #mnleg members interacting with people during Vikes' stadium debate. One Rep just posted response on Facebook.
You have, and I have always been so thankful for and appreciative of your support! Love you too!!! xoxoxoxoxox
iPhone lover right here! RT iOS 5 is coming out October 12th
#giftwrapping. it's that time of year...
#StupidTwitterQuestions why are random people following me on twitter bitch it's call fans -____-
Looking at a macbook pro...650 bucks!!!
Anyone in Denver for the USA PRO CYCLING CHALLENGE?
The dream, the dreamer, or the Thai food that gave her the dreams?
Natalie was going on a killing rampage
thanks jen! I will be at a conference then, I think, but look forward to hearing how it goes. Best- gh
They should CO-EXIT!
I'm very sorry to hear that. You know the exact feelings and frustrations.
For every $150 spent on Giftcards get a Complimentary Serenity Hour (Valued at $110.00) Through December 31st!!!!
good to know
Fuck school not in the mood for this shit juss wanna sleep all day :/
who r u
Do you guys have transcripts for folks with hearing disabilities, or who might want to read the show instead?
super interesting interview with warren littlefield on right now!
I speak Texan!
nope yall one of a kind
Stanford to play Oklahoma St. in Fiesta Bowl?
but I'm lil rob lol
Stupid Staar testing. Makes the day boring as hell. :(
RT I Love my big sleepy head
yes i can haha;)
So bored right now...had to come to school early to watch my mom do the coffee cart. >:(
I worry that people who prefer opportunity and self-sufficiency might be outnumbered by those who don't.
wats good boy
Perplexed to see this in e-flux, an art world journal- but glad to read it none the less!
lol you coming to my graduation
shout out to for giving a shit
Was that necessary??? I didn't think so...
thanks for the follow! I am excited to come visit.
Add an actual crowd in the building and this game could be mistaken for a March Madness nailbiter...go
Tony Bennett starts the #jazzday concert, amazing!
saving the best for last! #markrolston human > machine
I have so many #dreams and now its time for me to stop dreaming and make things happen
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed... forever
i am not getting on twitter like i used to.. dang..
cramping so bad! yikes. I hate this. );
Already planning where I will enjoy an outdoor #HappyHour cocktail this evening... ideas #Baltimore ? I'm stuck in a rut...
you realize what you're asking here? RT : C'mon Cubs! ...
Making the FUTURE!!!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
started a Facebook like page, got Madame LaQueer to do an interview with me
you're more than welcome!
it runs in the family
i know! It terrible that people really depress others to where they kill themselves</3
Bout to head out to Gonna rage with Funkagenda
#WhenAustin tweets cute love quotes (:
Cover looks really good I want to say your best yet..excited to hear this joint...
: Santa came early! We got 10 (11" & 13") Maxed Out Apple Macbook Air laptops to give away! Follow us & RT to win!
Thanks so much for featuring the Data Management Wonk's 2012 Reading List yesterday. I appreciate it.
;-p had to help ya out.
Father Daughter Golfing on May 19
Haahaha. No! Its okay. I felt bad cause I was soo confused.
RT oprah's in the "michael jordan playing baseball" phase of her tv career.
THEY'RE PLAYING CREEP BY TLC
Gonna hit the ground runnin' ... I'm ready for you Monday!
#NASFAA President Draeger was adamant in claiming that the #DREAMAct is not an amnesty program. All Americans should learn what it means.
How do we partner to bring Kettlebell certification/ education to your trainers? We are ACE providers but see more possibility!
Smh right i didnt want too stay too long cause it looks like you was havin a good time . lol
You think he's looking to fire the band and get a new one? And then another keyboard player can hire you guys? LOL
I think Steve Talbott also makes that sort of point in various ways. But what worries me is that we will assimilate to such models.
debating getting a #kindle or #ipad for my grad school textbooks....any suggestions?
How was twat !?! Was i was there
not drinking has limited my outings ;) A buddy is singing at RubyRoom tonight.
FaceBook? Add me I'll accept it!
BO!!! Nyesha lost because Bev didn't pick enough ingredients!
Yeah I saw that. :(
Do remember it's all about #REGGAE MUSIC every Sat. 6-10pm (est) "R.U. IRIE" spinning the best in Reggae, #dancehall, roots, lovers.RED ROSE
i need a song that will make me happy wat should i listen too anyone??
Who told you life wasn't worth the fight? They were wrong, they lied, and now you're gone, and we cried ! Miss you beautiful <3
Apparently, the USC DISASTER APP was apptly named, worked on about 7% of the phones. No iPhones. Some Droids. No Berries.
#thethingsbradlysays oh wait we got a buy one get one free coupon. We can go back!
Thanks! You as well!
Marty has been a champion of increased funding for the EPIC Prescription Drug Program, and fought to protect seniors from rent increases.
in the divorce, i got rid of my ex and kept the Sox, so to celebrate i went to 2004 ALCS game 2, special day for my new life
Its a beautiful Saturday! Let's make the best out of it.
the first goal shouldn't have counted but the line needs to be held stronger
I know it really seems like way too much shit at the beginning. If you lay it out and pace yourself you'll be fine though(:
Congratulations on your new position!
The best part about pop-tarts is the edges
Cant wait! Have fun RT : TIME FOR SOME BEACH VOLLEYBALL! 
feisty girl
Fresh mango >>>
Another turnover on downs? We only needed a yard too ...
Working on overdue book review for Jacobs' "Imagining the Middle East" at S-bux in suburban MD = not most ideal Saturday eve.
Relaxing before going back to work...90210 time.
Great to know that. Thanks for your views!
A lot of people should have stepped it up in the post season - Hossa before injured, Toews, Sharp....Kane had 4A
Officially a sophomore in college!!
Rest easy, landlord. Your personal information is kept private with our 'For Rent' signs. Sleep in and check your email in the morning.
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Which begs the more embarrassing question "So, Alison, how *did* you already know of both sequels?"
Thought there was a chance I might go home today...then woke up with another high grade temp. It will likely be at least another 24 hrs :(
A. LOT. and good for you :) RT : Daughter looks into refrigerator, "jeez, how much beer do you drink?!"
Louis , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
follow back
Headed to the hills for camping and meteor shower watching. If the #supermoon isn't too bright to see them!
"we'll come to that bridge when we cross it"
Excited to hear from tonight at !!
In DC for Museums Advocacy events = policy lectures, hallway handshakes, briefing bored aides already on our side. Still I wouldn't miss it.
I'm about to call it a night...
No problem. I wanted to let you know.
Bruno Mars and Train are not going to be enough to get me to return to #Preakness. They are a step backwards from Zac Brown Band.
Big hit.
It's gotta be Tommy Streeter here
Thanks for the invite, I went to see the muppets movie this afternoon. You should see it if you can it's pretty cute!
I'm a poet and they didn't know it! :-)
Dude since you have nothing to do we can hang out! Kay? Kay sounds good.
Oh I'm already sick of the term "brogrammers."
just found and on twitter....both super funny.
I just like to say a huge sorry for not posting so much! i did what you said, focus on school and get good grades! i have <3
haha I figured :) but I gotta look after my new friend!!
Well I am beyond annoyed. That is always fun.
Lo e demi's dress
Victoria’s Secret models ‘athletes’
Honestly, being #single and having no potentials is kinda #awesome, I've got no one to think about but me!
If I take you out of the picture, I know real niggas won't miss ya.
Let's go USA
its been a rough day for me too I've been a crying mess. Text me if I you wanna talk about it!
#iseeyou to Alexis
Haha, yeah. Potter Stewart test, but for the entire country.
Let's do it!
For the record, my car smells like diabetes still.
Also, we've had enough! We're creating an instagram account! Who should we follow?
Catcalls at the thought that #SanDiego would not be a desirable destination. Seriously???
you can't triple stamp a double stamp...Lloyd LLOYD!!!
RT : A grateful <3 is a forgiving one. How are you practicing forgiveness?
The camera bike is getting fixed this morning. I've already danced neked in the desert above Cave Creek AZ this morning. Yippee!!!
Apparently, failed to inform me that she changed her twitter name to #buttface!
Brewers themes Yes! Yes! Yes! tshirts will be made this season
Q4 Also, everyone is right about volunteering, interning, or working part-time. You need experience to get a job. Sucky but true.
Sausage queen competition was sun thin else. Cheers to , cheers to my fellow judges, & cheers to
Remember that time we ended up watching it like 15 times one night because we kept falling asleep but it kept restarting?
yes! Good country living!
zomg that looks awesome! congrats :-)
You should show up anyway. Just in case.
Haha, did you guys find a place?
Home, bath, dinner, kindle
If lesbians arent attracted to men, then why are they attracted to women who look like men? #mindblowing"
what's good... good hearing from u sweetheart
These pork chops is SMACKING. <3
Well well lakers...i hope thunder close out series 4-0.
you're such an asshole. i luh you!
Is it lip service or lifestyle? Dr. Baylor
Thank you for riding the trolley with us last week! Lots of videos coming!
Follow me please? all of my friends love you and your awesome love you!!! 143<3 Help out a fellow Canadian :P
Up time to go so more money just called .ah love my life!
Gonna need a new pair of shorts after this one
Praying and thinking of my husband and all fighting for catholic education!
Corey Hart's walk-off single for the #Brewers in the 13th for
I do the same thing(:
Why does my mom hve to ruin my vacation :( she's comin to Indiana
I CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS GROUP WORK WITH THESE AMATEURS
Rain+no power =horror movie in real life. Crap.
This weather is pop
It's not just right, it's a requirement! Enjoy!
How you make the darkness seem so bright, feelin like things gon be alright
It wouldn't be a brunch guide without you!
I didn't think you were working for a small, European publisher. ;)
BAILEE! SHUT UP
She must be the gatekeeper for all that is important.
So sorry to hear that, I'll keep him in my prayers
which games are you playing these days?
#myflaws - I let the stupidest shit get to me and I over analyze everything.
"The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose." -- Michel de Montaigne
is almost here! We have been planning for this moment for years! We can't wait to host our SB guests!
Make sure you check out the King Tut exhibit @ The Children's Museum of Indy!
haha. nope. was it fan favorite Rex? the color guy. he's been a real delightful addition to the booth this year.
In the midst of WiMAX Forum Pavilion planning for ITU Telecom World 2009 - lots of details to iron out!
well when you want to have one just hit me up lol
I'm tired of waiting for you to look for me. It's like waiting for the impossible to happen.
Love my bf:)
follow me please !!!:)
girl u better give me some xD
waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning
should be illegal.
That reminds me... i need to buy my tickets!
Lord, God keep my mind stayed on you~BAMM.
He's almost gone almost......
SILENT DISCO FLASH MOB
Greg Oden talks to KATU about those nude pics of him on the internet... tune into morning news on right now
RT : Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Hey there, hi there, ho there.
Super! Thank you for all you do! Looking forward to next year's event!
U 2 Bear! RT : Great to connect with you, Linh.
Painting ma nails :)
#thingsIfear...Shaming God's name.
I got that future boom boom boom !!!
I still don't like u guys...
how are you sir?
Try getting a bike during the same time period you are covering stories about bicyclists' deaths. I feel you.
Trading $LNG like a pro, looking to write another OTM covered call against it.
Missing and this weekend. Reminiscing.
Tomorrow night lockland bar& grill 713 Wyoming super sexy Saturday ladies 1$ shots of goose till midnight. Party hard til 3 a.m.
I AM SO READY FOR THIS SEMESTER!
Happy Birthday Bro!!!!
Eating Skittles :3
This dude called a ”bangee”! Lmao
2012 is going to be our year #YBPartyCampaign2012. Making major moves behind the scenes
same here.
Ew. We have reached the point where it's still hot outside even nearing midnight.
The industry of ideas. Stop worrying about the pennies on a billion dollar idea.
Just need the non-run producing single to go with the walk, 4-3, and double play for the Mauer Cycle
I can go! Both dani and I. I'll try to find the password and buy tickets Friday
For all you starving fans of THE HUNGER GAMES, wait till you see the special edition of I Heart Cinema coming soon! [1/2]
I know how that feel!!!
I accept. Re: : have a blast at #SEMF. Give a hug for me.
Yup. I'm looking for underage entry sign in their concert. I'm still 16 y.o remember?:/
Montel Williams can get me 1,000 bucks by tomorrow! Awesome!
Cool concept.
He was a better rapper. And on beat RT so says mr. Getting jiggy with it
Pansy Plants Are Now In Bloom At Strange's Garden Center
ARE U IN NEED OF A CHRISTIAN DJ?? KINGDOMSOUNDENTERTAINMENT CAN HELP FOR ALL TYPES OF GIGS
Fav TV show? Hands down.."Lost."
“: Am I the only one here who can't get the damn live stream to work?”We apologize if you had technical difficulties.
mine are teens, how I miss those days
canceled flights are made of teh suck.
thank you!
no but i looked in your recent images and i found <33 aww lol thanks <3
Never tell the devil what you are trying to do, meaning shutup telling people. I have learned to keep these things in my heart and tell God.
I may not read a lot of books, but since August 12, 2006, I've apparently read 54,239 stories via RSS. Not bad.
Tune in to "Forum" on KQED 88.5 FM tomorrow at 10am. I'll be on with "Tenderloin" writer/director Annie Elias & 2 of the actors.
They were probably just very busy this weekend and that's why they turned ordering off. But we'll keep an eye on that, thanks
Lets put all the names in a hat, shake it up, and pull out a lineup for tonight.
what do you mean... Do you not like me?:/ because you always say hi to me!:(
oh vertex. so full of girls claiming to be named "raven."
Thanks for the great tweet, Kim!
potatoes are gonna potate
yup, just today!
Trent is a Cleveland BROWN!!! Very excited to have him and ....
Please don't :(
Afterward, will they call it Occupied Wall Street?
Juggling 3 projects at once is difficult. Especially when they're all due in 2 weeks.
Adversity is the state in which man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then. ~John Wooden~
Welcome aboard I'll try to tidy up my desk before you get here!
The mountain at Stone Mountain Park is the world's largest known free-standing piece of exposed granite, standing at 825 ft. tall!
g tweeter you follow him, he follows you
i love your hair!
awww cool... & ill be waiting ( :
you're shitting me...were those really their names? Hahaha
Who remembers slam-dancing?
Want to wish continued luck shooting Nate and Margaret. Looks like awesome work so far and just from production stills.
mind me asking whoo? :')
refreshed. off to go clean some more
“Every problem is a gift - without problems we would not grow.” ―Anthony Robbins
thanks for the RT! We had a great turnout.
I wrote a feed for the story all about the baked goods in the 7-Eleven but it didn't make it into the story! Bah!
Damn just ran into a friend I ain't seen in years.. his name was "Blunt" lol
Inside the librarian's studio on librarianship. How can you lead?
No idea but I'd bet a majority since a majority are men. There has to be a poll/survey on this somewhere...
Happy Tuesday! :)
I swear I want every bead you carry! Amazing shop!!
PS: Will I be meeting any of my followers at Empire State building?! Sad that some didn't got the chance to get tickets :/ Love you all 💗
yeah, thankfully I ate before that otherwise I'd be in the same boat
God damn mongorians!
#27-Calvin Johnson-WR-Detroit Lions
;) you so beautiful!
are you always negative mr kawakami? Do you ever have anything positive to say?
What's better than dirty talk besides pillow talk, DRUNK TALK! Honey believe you & me I'm a certified specialist when it comes to drunk talk
well, kudos for all the work you do for flamenco in DC!! Hope you've been enjoying your weekend, so far :-)
haha thanks man :D
Any Winos going to #GreatGrapes in Reston this weekend?
Sorry boys and girls! The show is moved to the Warwick MIDDLE School! It starts at 7 so
&#39;A staggering mess&#39; as tsunami debris hits Alaska coast early
Jarrod and Brandy are taking home the biggest profit!
Never. I have handbags that I love. And shoes that I love. And never the twain shall meet. But Red is always a preferred color.
Check out "Who Will Comfort Me" by Melody Gardot--some great jazz licks! Ciao, vSB/ Schizl
that was totes real
Love hearing Boston Red Sox fans complain. #losers whaaaa wide strike zone
Let me do my thang to u
Just read thru Classroom w/o Walls. Great stuff. Would like to talk about helping advance you further.
Any advice on how someone with dtp bkgrnd gets started thinking about metadata? I get blank stares when I bring it up in my dept.
CLICK PHOTOS PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD" ORDER @
My apologies. I meant to, but i appreciated it and cut a pasted with haste. I look forward to following you.
I am going to pick up my pencil & start drawing Ricky Horror (Olson) of the band Motionless in White its going to look great ...hopefully (:
“: Lol what did she get RT : My mom jus got tatted yesterday!!! ??....” pics or it ain't happen
It all comes down to this
Everyone Should Just Quit School Now…The Amount You’ll Owe On “Student Loans” Is More Than You’ll Ever Make During Your Working Life…
#boysfavoriteline "when we gonna chill"
If everybody would just calm the fuck down, the world would be a much better place.
NOTHING works out right for me
An economist is an expert who'll know tomorrow why the things he estimated yesterday didn't occur today.
send a pic of the booth! :)
Think different. Thank you #SteveJobs for rocking our world
Watching guiliana and bill!
Wow Delta owes you something for all the trouble you have with them!
no u know u would touch them too they move fucker ( my voice) I wish I had that chest strength
CBS baseball writer Danny Knobler joins The Score right now. Check it out at AM1510!
You can always wipe the surface but the stain will remain <3 ~Motionless In White - Creatures <3
Duvall Financial Svcs helps "established" business owners throughout the country obtain private capital. NOT FICO SCORE DRIVEN.888-819-6660
"Google has not lost its edge. Spread a bit thin at moment, but still very strong."
I'm not even in the state cuz
also, checkout our new online store ;D BambaidApparel.etsy.com well be adding more stuff soon!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Just found out that is coming to FL and it made my day!!! :)
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
please follow she is you biggest fan!19
SFAI MFA Grad Exhibition opened at @ The Phoenix Hotel yesterday - a spectrum of sensations! Noon-10 PM until May 13
thank u for making my day!!! <3
I am preparing to go spell for team Wayne at the IndyReads spelling bee tonight! Go Lexi-Cons!
My teachers blasting Diamonds Are Forever - Kanye West in class right now lol. She's such a G
Thank you!!
Sitting behind the sun...watching the sunre's.....-con-
I might come see you before that so we can go to Ikea and go see Magic Mike!
Welcome new PWA volunteer and May guest blog editor, Sandra !
wat happend who is doing this and why :'( im so sorry
I want to get tattooed again. It has been too long. First I need the money. Already got a design.
yep!!! and what did you do? i dont know what to do?
Following but would still like to say oh Nia you're so pretty.
But In The End iStill Love her .
Sometimes, I dream as many as 6 impossible things before breakfast.
sweetness ill tell and
If he inspires you, then he is certainly awesome!
Should I ask him out???! Just saying
RT : #letsgorangers is all there is to be said all day
refill every 3 weeks, surgery to replace battery every 6 years.
I'm a heterosexual woman and I would totally do Natalie Portman.
Hey Michael O'Leary, yes run scared cause those against #sopa are not taking it lying down, u and your cronies do not own the world
wade too=cry baby! Did you see the heat/pacers game yesterday?
It's dipset, get your dick wet, boarded the big jet, and got a big check
Just watched Mexico City native Manuel De Landa's 'Raw Nerves' - described as a "Lacanian thriller." fFels familiar.
Get a clue Erickson! Factor in the Bush tax cuts (not paid for) & the not-paid for wars & voila BUSH RECESSION
need to update my status
got an upgrade to a hotel suite! Love it!
i'm ready for forever. 'till death do us part? 
Fantastic! Can't wait! RT : I just purchased my tickets!! So excited to get the 1st taste!!
Duh. I'm always looking for freebies!
I can't get your bit.ly link to open - can you redo?
ohh, haha. I just dont get what she means by ”babies?”
It's Wednesday and that means ribs & whiskey! Rib plate w/baked potato-$7, $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys when country is on. 2NITE!
Yay! RT Received something awesome from today - Thanks! PS - I like that my quote was used on the cover!
I miss my spring break girls!
I hate unexpected vet visits. Dishing out money like its candy. Google couldn't help me this time. it has failed me!
RT True friends don't try to control you—they help you be what God wants you to be.
I have a free rn & nobody to spend it with ):
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." ~Alan Kay
No one ever wants to hang out when my hair looks good
. But have they ever been known for anything but those things?
That made my night 😊
Asking developer and maybe he will have specific questions. Mayb try changing the background of OSX in the mean time. More soon
“: Let's be original and quit trying to be mean.. #imcuteright?”
RT #mysterygiveaway 6 happening when we hit 1500 followers!! We can do this!
has done a gr8 job acknowledging India's Republic Day. Thank you! Who had this brilliant idea to do this dance?
Hottest day EVER!!!! I need a pool immediately!!!
I'm listening to a repeat of the interview of
i love your posts. thanks for sharing all you do.
writer's block haha
i did now what. BTW im not trying to be rude im jus confused
Still irks me to see Dale Sveum in a #Cubs uniform.
U know I support - Health care 4 all. Hang on a while longer & u will b insured @ work.
Woo man i've turned into a whiny bitch.
There's no doubt in my mind that the asshole who decided hitting "Snooze" would only give us an extra 9 minutes of sleep was a selfish Jew.
that kind of deliberation when you're picking gifts really does make giving a joy instead of a chore. have a great holiday
Fixing problems
I absolutely will! Not-getting-the-job heartbreak is so brutal though. Gah. :/
Don't forget your College Football Fan this Holiday season!
In cab to airport now, speaking of getting things done!
Hi there! I had to leave early because still getting over being sick. Would love to chat another time, though. DM me?
Chanel West Coast is a dope rapper
So what's everyone doing tonight for ?
Thanks so much for your kind words! Thanks for spreading the word about us & let us know if you have questions.
Happy Mothers' Day, mom. I wish you'd stop being so hateful toward gay people.
at the movies with
Since everyone is different, finding eyeglasses that look good on you can be challenging. Try different styles for that perfect pair.
I wanna read it!!
My prayers go out for everyone & their families that were involved in the plane crash tonight in DeLand
I want a onion bagel with a LOT of cream cheese
#YouShouldNever be afraid to be yourself.
EVERYBODY ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT!!! #OneDirection #ScreamingItInTheCar &
Come in tomorrow at 1030 for the Fabulous 4's and 5's Storytime!!
Addicted to SOA!! Love this show
Thanks girl! Still have a lot of work to do but decided just to launch it while it's in progress. :D
k i might have to go somewhere later, but i really wanna do something!!
The pain doesn't go away, you just make room for it.
I hope God will bring you back to me
o u think this is bad u just wait there's madd jordans coming out this year
#Madonna is doing her thing, with the Cleo-inspired show. "Age cannot wither her"
Atlanta supporters...Check us out LIVE today on #TV57 at 10pm on the Bobby Hurd Show!
I miss playing music on my record player. Poor thing is collecting dust.
please don't ever stop doing what you do. I would cry if you ever stopped, you are too amazing.
No sexual perversion, please!
We hope you had a wonderful time!
GM pulls Facebook Ads - no Facebook ads don't sell cars, but exposure does
so excited to create my new electronic rig W . new Yamaha electronic drums !!! lets go !
We take off this morning for Virginia
None of them as lovely as you, I'm sure. <bats eyes>
says the snow show is over.
Dang! You still rockin fanny packs?!?! L A M E
amani- i feel so asian and black right now i have chicken flavored noodles!
oh yea *jumps up and down*
trying to remind myself why it's good for students to write a primary source analysis paper every week when trade-off is me grading them!
Tune in to between 12pm-1pm to hear our CEO Alistair Crane's take on the christmas app boom
well then you will be here at 1 perfect
rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!!! :D #PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th ♥
Exalt the LORD our God and worship at his footstool; he is holy. Psalm 99:5
Operation Bacon truffles and beer reductions in full swing!
Had McDonalds for the 1st time in months. Should have went to
Loved Nicki's performance!
#ff the new
yeah especially for those of us with big boobs
Dayum. Lesnar is straight up putting this fool in his place right now.
I forgot there was a fee for everything in LA. :/
If we lived in the 50s-60s, I think I would have married someone in the italian mob, definitely.
drummer baby to the splash pad
That you did. Nice picks.
agreed, and there's also 345 D1 Men's basketball programs. 25 of them isn't that many.
Stay hydrated!
follow me please!!❤
i knew Bohananon was gonna say goodmorning to me.....
Just finished work for the day and headed to the airport for part II of my Birthday celebration.
absolutely. It's pretty awesome. I would love to live long enough to hit that mark!
So confused...Everytime I see "him" I smile...Everytime I get a text message from "him" I smile...why won't I just admit I like him already?
Lol, you guys really do love
come visit me in Iowa and I will make you some food :)
Lmao @"something" - I agree! :) RT : Awesome stuff! Sapp having to do something to make cash... hope #Cubs GM is not joking..
I really hate car accidents!
Thank you for retweeting Mandy's blog! Hope you have a great weekend!! :-)
Perfect RT : Maybe if Mubarak had killed 1 little girl instead of 1000s of Egyptians Nancy Grace would cover his trial.
me too and its only 11 am
Trivia Answer: Pasquale Di Fabrizio (aka cobbler to the stars), was the man behind many of Rick's fabulous on-stage boots.
I never noticed that, what's in there?
Oh gosh, awful advice! Film acquired in the '80s or '90s - at a Post Office auction, no less - isn't likely to be nitrate.
I will never understand how does their sizing. The pair of perfect khakis I ordered in my usual size were about 2 sizes too big!
I'm on twitter woohooo
so mean
happy cinco de mayo to all u guys and the world lol
Are we talking THIS Thurs/Fri or next week?
2 they try to be proud of they're team in a colts pro shop
I love how and I both apparently hate texting, yet we do it like 500 times a day.
My mother is incredible. She has too much energy for this planet and she's the greatest film fan I know. I love you.
ng! Agh. Twitter seems to be a great leap backward. Like trashing our phones and getting back to the telegraph.
Thanks, that was fun! I'll tag others now :)
Didn't bet money on Jim's Decision to win, but did hit the $62 exacta by keying Crestatorre for second. Lucked out w/photo.
love you man.
Can't wait to see you at Teen Hoot! Going to be awesome!
Oh no! Too bad the app didn't exist back then... ;)
Rules of life: #1 trust god. #2 love your family. #3 deal with choir. #4 no pufters.
I picked up the iPad back in November and have been crazy about it. So much so, I opted for a MacBook Air for a new comp.
that was a fun weekend. now back to trying to make the world zappy.
Thanks. Yeah it was fun to see all the spectators cheering and playing music along the course.
thanks mike for the follow
Closing Remarks from Dr. Kenny G: "You have been sited by NSSE as being one of the most engaged student bodies in the nation!"
>>not yet..maybe tonight or tomorrow...is it a cool spot to drink too? Or just restaurant?
Oh yeah!!! RT daisy duke Thursday[; “ A Little Bit of Texas tonight =) oh and saturday haha”
We agree! This is a beautiful campus! We'll cross our fingers for you. is a great place to be.
I wonder if more girls were willing to act like ladies, more guys would feel challenged to be gentlemen
It is quite warm in Dinkytown today! We are looking forward to a cooler evening with
#ifyougive a book to a child you open up their world.
where do you get that at? sounds amazing!
Excellent chat planning and Time/Topic management! #meded and
People annoy me. Like go do one.
you should come to Holland. :$
I am now applying #moneyball to every project at work.
WOOT WOOT #Pens Won!! Now I just need the Rangers to win the baseball game and my night will be complete
If I meet a girl that is sexy that can rap I might have to wife her up. We wouldn't even fight we'd just battle it out
I love a thick ass redbone..just that got errythang together like a dream woman right there!! lol
We take pride in offering our communities the level of service you could expect from a family run business. We invite you to be a part of o
Gearing up to get back into the studio for LP album! Recording 12 new songs by christmas!!
in duval county it does with the bonnet in dey head
Having the hottest best friend ever >>>
« Being in a relationship with a #taurus is like an invitation to live the 'good life'.»
starting to think this needs to be an iniative - in conjunction with Google or?
Hey coffee lovers... might revive this handle with a Whitefish Bay twist. First order of business: it is imperative that I consume coffee.
yes that movie is a trip. Make sure you have a good gyno.
Last day at before moving to the Big D...sad and excited!
I'm guilty too! Had my running clothes laid out with good intentions, but the cold and wet seemed like such a good excuse...
That was the best D ND has played all night
haha its ok . we accept you thinky or not :D
Leadership is influence. Learn to be a leader who inspires others toward greatness.
Dreaded words from #Mets owner Fred Wilpon: "As long as I can, I plan to be the owner here." Let's..Go..CUBS!??? Can't endure this any more
RT : The average Lilith client is a single, 25-y/o #mom of two in her first trimester.
Dana man....you guys head to Nashville!? of all places? Phoenix man...PHX! Hotbed!
Third coffee of the day seemed like a great idea in the 10th hr of my day. Not so much going into hr 20.
In a creepy cab: porn tacked to the ceiling and a bobble head cat on the dash with a sign that says "Look I am Garfield." It isn't Garfield.
RT : Women are less than one-third of the speakers | I count 43 men and 14 women among confirmed speakers
have fun picking cotton
congratulations! What an impressive writeup!
For those about to spend hours transcribing interviews I conducted, I'm sorry.
!!! RT is a strong 'maybe' for brewco tonight.
Read about NOLA charter schools in the economist, cited the Cowen Institute.
I got a tetanus shot Wednesday & my arm hurts so bad. It's swollen & I can't shake this headache... Calling dr. This am.
I was really hoping the Mega Millions numbers they picked tonight were going to be Hurley's numbers from Lost
Some people just have to know the #priorities of others.
My dad brought home a snapping turtle and said hes gunna kill it and eat it. Guess who's letting it go tomorrow? :)
Back from a rainy soccer game but my daughter's team won 2-0 so can't complain
If you need to spread the word about anything, you should sign up on OneFreeAd.com and post it! It's completely free and new! :D
Really looking forward to this flight. Small cramped regional jet and 7 screaming kids (current count- but I think they are reproducing)
so... I have an idea and I need your shirt making advice! Send me a private message with a good number to call?
i sat here for 10 minutes typing a text that i couldnt send to you <
Maybe I should just start whoopin ass until the bullshit stops
Agreed. I've been meaning to pick it up myself. Let me know what you think if you do. :)
thank u, sweetie! Are u a Nashvillian too?!
Many thanks to Brian Balboa for stepping in to help us out!!!
Do you wanna make some money?
you are the only Cindy I know! Tee hee! :-)
Bang Bang!!
Stupid question, but whats a "TWITCON"?
To all! Amazing benefit show for the is happening in Norwalk, OH. Find Music Saves on Facebook
I wanna try something new at Starbucks today. I'm taking suggestions.
I will not allow others to determine the value of my Self.
Is Torchlight 2 a worthy competitor of Diablo's? *or* Is the future of gaming for indies or the big developers?
Can't wait to get to Brooklyn. Love the Polar Bear Pete tank... send me an email so we can meet up!
Hope you're having a great weekend. :)
he invented apple/ mac products
omg I would kill my computer.
Hoping to see all of our Lafayette friends this Thursday at The Office!
Ahh idk it just came to me. Anyway thanks I was lucky to be born with a 'hot' English accent. (:
happy early 18th birthday(:
Today: one teenage student to another (with slight look of disdain) "Why are you so tan?"
Going to walk 12 miles to navy pier. Beautiful evening. BFF leaving for NYC tomorrow, the day she gets back I leave for florida,
just that pic
amazing weekend ahead...hell yea I'm looking forward to it:))))
Fantastic article. I can't say enough great things about We did her EIGHT in 2010.
I am up -it is 4:16AM! Preparing the Green Chile Chicken with Rice Soup of the day and planning my day.
Fuck this bus ride...
Rosey, you are amazing. So cool. Thanks! I can get it from you tomorrow or Monday? What is your plan tonight?
Good point. 2 of the 4 Dudes left & it quieted down. It was the 1st time we had any loud or distracting stuff. Hope its over
Mother Love Bone Thugs 'N' Harmony
nahh, the clog-posites didn't do well at all back in 2001
Rickie Weeks is batting above .150
What about TLR?...probably the same answer though.
FOLLOW He can get YOU alot of FOLLOWERS!
i cant wait to see the new viedo somebody to love :)
the fast red fox jumped over the boring dog.
When can you do wild shit? In college! Duh
sup cunts hit me up
I was about to cry if got hurt.
sadly no im leaving him here ):
I don't need nobody cause I'm sexy to me. You keep doing you tonight cause I'm doing me.
HAHAHA what a shout out!!!! K Team forevz
You guys rule! Thanks for following me! :) You need to follow if your not already! :)
Watchin how to rock awesome but shake it up is awesomer N3RD is the W0rd!!!
I hate the USA hockey team and I dont give a fuck what people think, it does not make me unamerican, it isnt a god damn war
Nebaska is giving Oklahoma all they want and more.
So it turns out that I dont want to get away from technology... I just dont want to pay $100+ for my iPhone. #BOOurns!
That's why I like a family recipe - keep it exclusive, keep it alive!
RT : Q5: do other fellow runners count as wildlife :D? #runchat // Lol! Agree.
2 hours until doors open! Get you shorts, T's, bikinis and whatever beach wear you can find to rock out in on this themed PLAY!
toward the end: "some of the aesthetic choices that seem preferred by functional programmers can make debugging…
It's like everyone is interested in sex know It's really wierd to me
yes I do.
you tell me to just forget and move on but its not that easy. you dont understand.
Getting ready for EDUCAUSE 2011. Any "can't miss" sessions you'd recommend?
“ I'm back from vacation with 2 broken ribs, a torn miniscus, and a fractured anus. Ill see you tonight at 11pm.”
can I get a RT. it's my 40th today. A mans dieing wish. Haha!!!
I'm a lover not a fighter
Apt, to-the-point headline from the Inuvik newspaper (Northwest Territories, Canada): Fox bites girl.
Ah man tonight was fun!!! #Life'sGood(:
whats good! Maximizing every moment.
Recording with , , and Cognac
on the gang I remember dat
This bus is packed ..
Wait WTF just happened
haha! that and cooking chili is really the best use for it.
didn't have room in my RT for the wink, so here it is ;)
agree--i don't care about the BFing/motherhood questions, just the pure insanity of doing ANYTHING for attention
when is it
Are you doing some crazy protesting?
Follow the LSP cast members, or die trying!
Thank you so much for your kind words! Maybe we can do an interview about my new solo CD...blessings to you!
are they sober and drug free?
Friends! THE THIN MINT BLAST STILL LIVES! But not for much longer! Stop on by and celebrate the last few weeks of school!
thanks for the follow! :)
#first40songsonshuffle 29. I Hate Myself For Loosing You- Kelly Clarkson
Just found out my son doesn't know who the Wonder Twins are.
If anyone wants 16 free wallets, will hook you up!
I donated to #pantenebeautifullengths They've given over 10,000 wigs for free, whereas LOL gives only 300py
My 45,000 tweet goes to my idol I love you so much thank you for everything you do for us Mahomies. mwahh.
Thanks for the mention Wildman!! Hope you have a very Merry Christmas!:)
We all do RT Who needs grammar nowadays?!?!
still hasn't sent our new track! What's going on bro??
app that analyzes which credit cards would maximize your rewards, based on your current spending.
Catch #Dolphins alum broadcasting LIVE from #NapletonHyundai in West Palm today until 12p. What did you learn this weekend?
6 pm can't come soon enough...this day is crawling along.
Thanks Alli! I love it too ;)
Thank you for retweeting about the auction.
Aww!! RT : Paul knows his whole entire alphabet. He sings em from A to Z all day! 😊
Note to self: you do not live in LA anymore. Get. An Effing. Jacket.
I will never ♥ someone as mean as you!
Caution when using Franny's Ped. Pal "Dance naked & let your cheekys SMILE! Some advice, wear flip flops AND stay out of the streets he-hee
Network (1976)=The Best Christmas Gift ever. The golden age of cinema will always be for me late 60s - late 70s. Swoon over Faye Dunaway...
LOL, your tweet put a smile on our faces... #TGIF!
RT : Anyone awake? :) ~ Yep! #TeamNoSleep is still in effect lol :D
I'm certainly not complaining. ;-)
I was just forced to get naked for my dermatologist for a head to toe examination. Awkward.
who wants to buy a house
These interesting projects are really cutting into my late night tv watching.
Not so great day.. maybe sleep will make it better hm..
why are Americans such drug abusers? Is it just an affluence thing?
why did I call him boss D: ?
Man , a lot of good laughs today at work ..
Can't stop thinking about how bad the old me screwed the new me out of a chance with the girl of my dreams
Just posted a video of me and Cesar Millan, "The Dog Whisperer - A message of encouragement and hope for college grads and job seekers".
How in the world do policemen & women like Lt. John Pike sleep at night? His actions were utterly disturbing.
If gov't keeps raising the tax on cigs they'll become a luxury item...which is...genius.
Thank you!
doing homework. yeah. not exactly proud of myself right now...
it goes everywhere. Literally.
Thanks, Sarah! Glad you like them. Appreciate the comments!
text me what happened
baby ily so much my mum is fucked up and please please forgive me i miss and love you and you mean the whole universe 2 me x
Happy Thanksgiving!...hope everyone has a wonderful day with loved ones and friends..so blessed <3 <3
Kit's OK. Loving that (new?) blue-and-red circle cannon logo though.
Not yet!
you got it girl!!!
At today for TEDxSF. Such a beautiful space. Nice group.
I cannot star this hard enough.
Just my opinion and nothing less. Just makes absolutely no sense at all to go that far and have a hissy fit and quit.
Happy Easter!!
Been chewing on a possible piece for a few days. Sometimes it is hard to howl, or howl constructively.
"Perhaps creating something is nothing but an act of profound remembrance"--Rainer Maria Rilke.
You did amazing!
Remember whn Reagan said age shldn't B an issue, "I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent’s youth and inexperience.”
"A wireless reach project involves partners including local 3G operator & nonprofit; must align w/gov ICT"-Erica Whinston
I think I'm the only person cold as hell under the cover
Thunderstorm rolling in... just realized I left the back bedroom window open. Result: wet cat bed and likely cranky cat. Could be worse.
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions
Happiness doesn’t come from getting what you want, it comes from appreciating what you have.
You should see the cranky pants I've been wearing recently. I work in Everett until fairly late, so after 5 is good.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no followers and was tweeting out to the universe lol
whats good nate, what u up 2?
#InsuranceCoverage-Health care packages are available that can be customized to your business. Let Linton & Associates help. 505-247-1530
how is your paper coming?
"How to steal One Direction's heart. 1. Go under the lights. 2. Then turn around."
the closest he's coming to my town is 4 hours away. it sucks :P
No she is not... Im sitting in class alone -_-
just made my wildest dreams come true. That said, who's a Wordpress guru? I haz questions.
koolio! So like what time is it where u live!!?
NO PENALTY?!?! That is total BS. Poor Hossa. Hoping he's okay.
Go register to vote this week (3/19-23) at Medgar Evers College from 11am to 7pm in the B, S & AB1 building lobbies.
RT : Q4) How can you use social more to improve your own learning?
no joke that happened to me last year. Ugh!!
will do, thanks
In 1890, journalist Elizabeth Cochrane Seaman aka Nellie Bly travel around the world in 72 days. Celebrate Women's History Month.
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber has more followers than President Obama RT if you Love Justin Bieber .
LIVE from Scranton PA: Syracuse NETS vs Royals, this will be the first game MJ's 8th/14U National team will have this season.
#onthelastdayofschool they let us throw a party every time.
Would anyone watch cover videos of Ascension and/or Look to the Stars? We could make them...it wouldn't be too much to ask.
I dream about you at night, and now our paths are about to cross again....Glazed Pork Belly at Redd here we come! You don't stand a chance!
No matter what you say to me I won't be able to smile. No one knows how much I have with her.
Feeling regretful really sucks <
Totally creepy... Why does everything shady seem to come from Africa these days? Like all those money scams and blood diamonds.
Can yall believe who da lakers gettin #not a fan #lets go CELTICS AND #lets go HEAT
See our Great 1/2 Price Burgers and Orange & Grapefruit Crushes 4-close!
Shout me out# [:
Oh you got accepted into a technical school? That must have been really difficult for you.
Trying to look for flights home is depressing.
Damn cat should've clipped Ade's hamstrings.
got an apt at 910 so anytime after apt shud be done by 10ish
I can't exactly say my new iPhone is changing my life vs my old Droid... But I will say I appreciate the screen capture function!
thx for the follow! Look forward to connecting!
Heading to the Hill tmw for briefings (loving this Congressional Relations course!) what are the chances will lunch with me?!
Here's a tough 1: find a pretty girl in a white dress, set up a hair dryer to blow up her dress & fire away! Tomorrow: the yawn & stretch.
Yes, there are classes today!!!
Do you have the billboards by you too?
...well I'm glad your blessed in music.... But you still suck at answering your phone!!!
Crying you know. Got fed up though
Looking forward to starting my Internet Marketing fundamentals class with at Northeastern University next Thursday.
Congratulations to Paul Pierce for passing Larry Bird and becoming the #Celtics 2nd All-Time Leading Scorer
Now I wish I could be a cheerleader
Hi Gayle, I got your mail about the website, will try to get an answer ASAP
I got a new job at the University Bookstore, goodbye Nordstrom, and your horrible drama and ridiculous hours!
It's been a while twitter.. hoping to fall back in love with you soon :)
how many tickets will you win? :D haha
under investigation by the FBI for not truely knowing all of his Facebook Friends ! Like you REALLY know that guy across the grill from you?
“: CRUSASERS WIN!!! Stephens delivers game-winning 3 to propel Men's Basketball to 64-61 victory over Sewanee (TN).”
I wonder when the new Hooray for Everything album comes out..
tell him to call Stone Canyon Promos reagarding t-shirts!
should be good, and the kids too!
New testament with my breakfast!
in AP magazine in the undiscovered bands things i just read the "rocks like" part to determine if i care
Damn got burnt mowin the lawn
moving in with my daddy.
Pillow talk. I'm trying to, but it's not happening...
In heaven there's a room that's just ear swabs
Really love the one shoulder dress on Emily & champagne color. Very elegant and again, perfect hair
Found it. It's in the Pedagogy section, Universal Design, ADA Compliance. It's called Accessibility Online.
Our techs are relieved! They'll take 65 over 99 degrees any day while working in black uniform pants!
We went to Saddle Ranch to eat and now were at American Junkies hanging out! You should come join us!
The Current TV Statement firing Olberman is awesome. You're fired...signed Al Gore.
Do not think about what the world needs; consider what makes you sparkle.
If you want something bad enough... you'll figure out how to get it. Focus your energy on a goal and make it happen.
Don't be a bore...be a whore :D jk
My life is so good right now 😊👍
May God be with you and your family..So sorry for your loss...
I'm not embarrassed to admit I love Peeta.
Genius rainy day commuter award goes to girl wearing shower cap under her bike helmet.
"Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying!"
unless you're in business/first class :)
Day 1 of talladega in the books.. Wrappings up with dinner @ "The Ark" with the MRN crew..
Ik I was looking at that in the interview im like does anyone else notice that
#PFRomanReloaded beautiful sinner, roman holiday, hov lane are my JAMS...loved lil' wayne on Roman Reloaded
#APUSH I will dominate you...with the help of
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
lol! GOP nothing if not consistent in bizarre twisted 'logic.' can't win on merits: lie!
How silly of me to think I could use my for a mani/pedi anytime this YEAR.
Awesome presentation yesterday, thanks for lending your insight and experience!
My mom comes home with cotton candy for me.. She knows me to well:) I love cotton candy
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family & Friends
yo I be going to your show on tues oct 4. cant wait!
what can't you come see #gatsby?
Aw I got my first happy mothers day wish today. Feels kinda awesome
#jerzday #thenihitthatdougie ....and all them bitches love me :)
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
LOL where are u?
Watching the at the Sig House. Love all the brothers snapping every time introduces himself
in your hometown today! Hope you are doing well Bay
I hate being sick w/ a PASSION ) :
Lazy Sunday watching The Godfather. 40 years later....still genius.
We look forward to seeing Robert Whitley & 's Ira Gourvitz today at Dobson's to taste Ira's award winning wines.
how u doing when u in la
Still have free passes to go see "Beats Rhymes & Life" documentary about A Tribe Called Quest. 7/14 @ 730p @ Landmark on Clark. Tweet me.
Hmm the pizza is rising up in the middle so I guess I didn't flatten it out enough. We'll have to excavate!
Do I turn you on & on when I kiss you baby? Does the sound of me wantin you drive you crazy? Do I have your love ? Am I still enough? <3 .
Can't stand anyonee anymore .. swear to god .. #AllSoftball .
Takin shit down we ain't like the price...
RT Listening allows understanding. Understanding allows compassion. Compassion allows positive change.
Yes!!! Would love to have you! RT : Will have to come visit soon...
oh okay
Just finishing last night's Idol. Whaddaya know...Phil can actually SING! Perfect final choice by Jimmy, beautifully restrained performance.
66% of employees have quit their jobs...they just haven't left the building. Susan Schneider
lol he was very candid & I loved it
The power in all relationships lies to the one ho cares less. - Connor Mead, Ghost of Girlfriend's Past
I'm hoping for the same. Really love US Cellular service/coverage, so having an iPhone option would be sweet.
Can't wait RT : RT if you're excited for a new episode of Breakout Kings tonight at 10/9c on !! :)
I need a leash for my rats, like asap
First time in Vegas n I'm feel sick as hell
These city lights make me feel alive.
Looking at stuff for the SAT
LOL! GOOD ONE! You knew I would be all over that! LOL
Webster's Says it is, learned something new today...well played
"Parents call in your children" is one of the silliest, most naive things I've ever heard someone say to end a riot.
Selection of World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-visit MandelaArt.com today!
Who, who will be Untoward's 200th "like"? I wish I had prizes to offer.
I hope to see u in Ky if ur going to race that weekend
Making a mental note...
oh ok. have fun with that wonderful mother of yours and I shall see you next Sunday.
": I hate a dirty house hoe lol she need to clean house #hoarders type nasty shit" owe bitch qone beat yho ass
James Diommare,originally from Abbotsford,BC, will be one of five North American magicians to appear in The Illusionists at the Opera House
Thanks for the follow!
If you're interested in being a TEDxUChicago2012 volunteer join us at 6:30pm TONIGHT in Stuart 104!
nah I wouldn't wanna steal your job ;)
what pain brub?
Love the local thing!! We are fortunate to have some awesome brewers!! All Saints IPA is balanced & good. Helltown Rapture IPA is excellent
Lord please guide the spoke folk teens further into your Word. They are making changes to effect everyone around them. Can you say the same?
Hey ! I've got a proposition for you. Get back to me so we can talk shop- Good to see you last Robotic. Keep up the good work.
Oww, my face hurts... Because I'm so hella beautiful xD OK NO!
I don't care how "special" you are. You just can't do that in public.
the table that's talking now
No one ever really wants my help, but you can surely have it anytime you need it. Because that's how i do things.
not well. The stress levels are really high.
looks like it...I is confusssseeeddd
I think Philly wins that trade. Tyreke and Rudy is a major haul. The Kings probably say no though.
can u go shopping with me?
Falling asleep while troubleshooting network connections in the Middle East...
driving home from camping...fighting to stay awake.
Haha a three way belt.
Yea that's pretty much how it went.
At my alma mater RT : Weyeneth: wall constructed by slaves, one brick still has handprint of slave IN THE BRICK!
or they think your attraction unless they have a angry face.
JOBS aren't the only concern Peggy! Get over yourself!#womensrights#gayrights#studentloans#
Beautiful San Diego weather today. I hope all you non cubicle bound people can enjoy it. Walking slowly to work to savor each moment.
RT Sorry,run down ex girlfriend.I can't talk right now inside of Sheetz because you have oxy pebbles rolling out of your nose
Austin yes season tickets.
Why is he dribblin in circles like that? Hahaha
Currently in the fanciest Target I've ever seen!
noticed an #Indians team shop special for the month of May on my calendar Spend 60$ at a team shop & get 2 lower bowel tickets
Thats where I first met you. Its special! LOL
and I just made plans to take over the world..
if you're on Virgin there's a plug between your seats.
He want's to keep his uniform though....for the night clubs.
nichole i love youu! Can i get a follow? (: 
Be careful if you are ready to buy the dips, might be in for quite a ride now. Bids could disappear as funds cause forced liquidations.
Whats yours is yours! No one can take it, U can only forfeit it!
You're welcome. <3
Who needs Obama and Romney when u can
No way. NL Central is better than AL with teams. Also Cubs are a good rival, they spend $$$ at Miller Park. So Berkman is a berk.
What are the better odds, UK winning the SEC championship or going to jail tonight?
Oh that wuz on purpose
too bad Mogo bit the dust in War of the Green Lanterns sounds like you could have used a vacation :-\
What a comeback #Celtics way to grind guys!
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I've become that woman. I've been gone a whole day and I miss my puppy uncontrollably. Judge away!
Stay classy #BBN. Stop being bitches and tweeting 18 tear old kids with such nonsense RT
Pls RT- “Like” our FB because Sheraton ABQ Airport is ‘Like Nowhere Else.’ Be entered to win a $100 Visa gift card...
FINALLY!!!!!! A hit with
58 min before #xfactor. Please show my unbelievable, extraordinary singing!
Seriously don't know where to start with packing for my trip!
love ur tweets
um I would be out of steam as well if I were you ...lol outing in some work out here
end of semester bucket list is gettin some work done
so badly
Cant deal with this game. Really dont want game 7
confirmation bias, I suspect. They heard the "data" for our de-socialization first.
thanks so much for your vote! please pass it on so your organization can receive the donation!
Happy National Chocolate Chip day.
RT : On Take Your Child To Work Day I'm renting a van, wearing a balaclava & participating in Take Your Child From Work Day
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world it's just the end of a world that you have with one guy.
Thank you so much!!!
I use music as a solution to all my problems.
This video tribute to a rapper who changed your life will play after we attempt to sell you our shitty & superfluous product with ass
United we stand, divided we fall.
please follow my girl for her birthday!! Would mean the world to her!
Come down for monday, tickets will be like 50
God please guide me
Better Experience is in the house and psyched to get back in the swing
Pull any good pranks yesterday? Salt in the sugar shaker is a classic!
Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long.
Tiny Asian lady strangers are more considerate than the dudes I'm on this trip, jeez!
My hair today.. <<
well it may not be #NSD but atleast I finally got m subway :D yumm . B]
ayah gonzalez is online.
I'll be playing when it comes out, as a Necro or Mesmer, but I really hope that at release, zones don't get stuck at 95% forever
swag n grind,the best,one more chance need it by 4/20 just hook em up make it radio quality
phomollient! I use it everyday!
Im loving it, i wish it would rain harder
Enjoyed your presentation on What Would Core Do at #wcmia Attention to detail separates good from great! Loved the car pics too
I just finished my last Spanish assignment
My 8mo daughter has the devastating disease Cystic Fibrosis but we hope w/support like urs 1 day CF will stand 4 CURE FOUND!
quit blaming us, we had nothing to do with it....... Wait, what?
At work my man...... what's up with you?
Seriously I can't change this light bulb. Help wanted.
Find your #identity in Christ.
I think Ted and Mac pick young talent over experience and cuts Peprah.
fall retreat was great!!
hey please tell pioli to pick orson charles. would make the chiefs super dangerous offensively!
love that song!
My Lil sister crazy we was just listen to live my life and when it goes off she said that's when Rihanna wasn't crazy 😂😂😂😂😂
Just hype it for what doe?
If you're looking to buy or sell a home,contact us today to find out how our current distressed market may affect you www.TheOertelGroup.com
ditto guys! It was awesome to hang with you. Sorry we still have your tape :-/
Sure seems to be a lot of latency on tonight.
Hi Eva! Welcome to my caffeinated world :)
That really was a Hattori Hanzo sword!
I think I might give up Facebook for Lent.
I'm bout to get apartment and get hella referrals and get a gwap and move back to momma crib lol
you're so lucky!!
Yea, I was really disappointed. Watery.
Geez! We dont play the Rangers right?
#DontBeScared of the hurricane.We are going to be fine <3
Thursday, Movie night at Salute! Remember as the sun comes out our patio will be open and we will have movie outside!
#NetworkedNY . . . Shollette argues that large amounts of unnoticed undocumented creative work make art worlds possible.
check out he's my nomination; real great guy~wants to help my class/students
but we had an awesome adventure!!! And I clearly just got up Lol
drinking wine and drawing stick figures and writing the words that come out of their mouths. Yep.
It can make you chuckle when you see "GREEN ADS" after you know what green is...
Chief Justice Roberts gives Obama a curt greeting, looks down, ending it. All you need to know.
thanks for listening today to my rambles on the biz!
Only good things I hope. Haha! Miss you so much too! I think the West Coast is calling my name again. ;)
#YouCuteAndAllBut you talk shit about my school too much.
Listening to E-40's " you & dat " makes me wanna start dancing again! Fcken flyer party's and their badass memories man lol
Don't be a drag, just be a queen!
#MostUnderratedMusicArtists Catherine Wheel
"Victoria even if you were in a relationship with Hitler you would want to wear the pants" -Tamara... ha ha!
Who do #single people go to the movies with?
Thanks for coming to see Red We see you grabbed our new season brochure (hot off the presses!).
I'll be up with you if you need to vent
im currently teaching myself to write nines from the bottom up. I think they look good.
What's happening tonight? I'm tryna not be sober.
RT : The only team growth sport in 2010 was basketball, which did $1.362 billion in sales of gear, uniforms & cleats (SGMA)
Just spent all my itunes $$$ on a bunch of songs <3
haha sorry I was trying to RT your facebook dating tweet bc I thought it was very interesting, but i guess i hit the wrong link :)
Because of my friends. I'm addicted to #Twitter once again. Follow me and #tweet me? [:
Friends, i know your intentions are good but for the last time, i did NOT get nominated for an Oscar, please stop bringing it up. Thanks.
Another day of work.. Go Spurs Go
Those are actually just re-packaged, same product inside and I believe it's an official, above-the-board deal. Have 2 myself.
Oh man. Back lashing on emotions are fun.
Oh crap. French quiz. X
good morning !!!
um no i didnt!! u have 2 be with someone 2 dump them!!
Can still not connect to staff. I worry the paid plans will have similar issues. Also, your status page does not reflect the issue.
AAAHHHHAAA Miami lost at home!!
Just got home from seeing Hunger Games. You were right. It did not disappoint!
Happy Hour starts at 11 come enjoy great food and drink specials all day
They better not do a Rocky Horror remake because his name was Robert Paulsen.
why do so many people complain about their parents? keep that stuff to yourself.
Thanks for reading! MT : Nice write-up yesterday on the WHP funding debate. Clarified a few details I didn't know.
I like the idea of creating ritual around participation.
I always get a little freaked out when the are around. starts getting into Hell on Wheels mode and that's scary.
crying makes me cry!! Don't cry baby!!!
"You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly."
OMG OLYMPICS COMMERCIALS OMG OMG
": Travis Porter #FromDay1 album release May29th...&& they will be in #ClubLibra"
hey man, got your message. I'll give you a call on Friday, my cell service is brutal up here.
Individuals may form communities, but it is institutions alone that can create a nation.
100% accurate RT : Student-athletes don't need to be "policed" on social media. need to be educated/empowered to use it well
happy holidays to you too!!
thanks so much Yuki. You were amazing
I don't care if it is the person's last name.. this is not the best headline for a press release: Stoner Receives Appreciation Award
Truefact: Alka-Seltzer Plus® Night Cold Formula makes modern-day Pythias of us all. Attend, ye slumbering in your sickbeds, and prophesy.
That is the perfect job for you! Did suggest it?
So much homework I wouldn't be surprised if my hands fall off, yay!
PaulColyer, if you think ESPN has been fair with this, well go back to watching FoxNews and believe it all
Yes Please :) How can we make that happen?
Grandma, I love you❤ R.I.P
that's kind of awkward. Haha.
Thank you .. just followed you!
I think I have a fear of bothering people. Getting on their nerves. Being where I'm not wanted. Perhaps I've just known too many jerks.
More bribe money? *shrugs* RT : This is getting ridiculous. What does it take to get a foul called on them defensively?
DW Morgan featured in Fortune Small Business July/August as a #supply #chain co using innovative app for iphone
Bbq at house today will be a good time. Those coming over make sure to enter the sliding gate on wade street.
thanks! That will be awesome!
Shop and make a difference! we will donate $1 of every purchase to Japan's earthquake victims htpp://diamondstosilver.com
can't wait to see ABDC tonight :-)
#shocktheworld looking forward to it Lions!
Thanks man! We are almost there! Everything is right on schedule ;)
Don't be scared to take risks. If you succeed you become happy. If you fail you become wise.
Joint naval drills highlight warming ties
congrats. Glad for mike.
Oh, and happy April 1st!
Lmfao she's a Retard
People take a stand!!! They are already cheating in ward7 election.
We're gonna be this weekend. Come get the sweet treats!
I'm killing them hoes like Jason .
So happy for my IPhone update!
the one day I leave you go to the beach, turkey
"Polished brass will pass upon more people than rough gold." ~Lord Chesterfield... Really LOOK at what you see. ;)
RT : "What are they gonna say about him? That he was a kind man? That he was a wise man? Bullshit, man!" Dennis Hopper, RIP
I can't go either :"( an I'm so close just a 8 hour flight from LA
ya, that would be easy! just 2 blocks from the action
About to sleep like a baby,,, busy day tomorrow,,,
Yes, Bush is still closed today.
I wish I could fuck my dog
Ilia Delio, OSF is giving a workshop for the Sisters of St. Joseph today about Leadership in Christ in Evolution in Illinois
My favorite film maker is Tim Burton
While scuba diving, it's possible for an air space to develop in filled teeth which have eroded. Avoid pain & get regular dental check ups!
You're aces. Thanks! Ah, Love Me Nots are incredible! Sexy garage rock/spy/pop. Check em out. If you dig it, I'll send u an LP.
i tried 2 send you a DM but i dont know if its going through or not
It seemed like every inspection was just preparation for the next inspection. The field/humping the radio was almost a break
Friends I was hacked. So sorry for DM's saying bad rumors are being spread about you. That's a lie! Changed password, hopefully all good now
Hi Everyone! Go check out the article that #FortWorthStarTelegram is putting out about one of my properties on Oct 23rd.
Harry! Guess what?! I love you. A lot. Thank you for everything. I'm so proud of you!♥ :') xx
no but my scrubway sure did!
I'm right here.
Oh KG... Keep knocking em down.
All our Twitter family...HAPPY THANKSGIVING!! "Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies."~Charles Jefferson
Are you going to Motionless In White tomorrow?
5-60 years is sentencing range for #Huguely's two convictions. Jury is deliberating now.
We want you to join us one day! (Or one night - tonight! - for just $12)!
Crushing Morgan Webb, what else is new? Whenever she hosts aots or does those "Tiny Morgan" bits I light up. Wish she'd replace Munn.
Just straightened my hair in record time lol
Time or playoffs! #Spurs and Jazz today. #GoSpursGo Be sure to show some love to today's arena host
9:41 and I'm sleepy. This is a good thing
Last Day of Annual Inventory Sale: 20-80% off all wine, BOGO, Food and Merchandise Sales, $2 glasses of Chard, Rose, and More! Ends at 6pm!
Did you stay home this #BlackFriday, eat left over stuffing and work on that term paper? Tell us what you're up to!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they understand digital media and travel adventure!
Yeah you know I needa' suppaafreakk
no we're sorry, we open for lunch during the summer and then only serve dinner during the winter
thanks nuthorn! It's fun so far :)) how's everything with you?
I'd call the cops to be honest.
Omg all I can say is God is good all the time.
« I love My followers ♥»
If tebow wins the superbowl the illumanati is out there heavy
Symposium Chair and University of Texas at #Austin Professor Calmon Alves is opening up
I would still have my linebacker stature, but being back home around the alcohol...yeah...i'ma lineman for a while
aww... he could save you money on car insurance!
Will do on keeping up the good work & thanks for the support. Butter, beef fat, lard - all so much tastier & good for you.
It's almost the end of our spring semester (we get out early). Not looking forward to the crazy times!
Back from the road... back to mixing my record POOF!!!!
Eating olives don't run in my family neither...90% of them mercadels and scott's eat ice...ice ice ice all day long
I also really wanna drive around bethel at midnight with and bro out. Taco Bell included
After yesterday's win over the Mariners, the Brewers are 19-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Make plans to join us on November 6th at the Marquis Theater downtown with Warner Drive!
oh and you won!! That's awesome!
Ha My Bad
Just engaged a rental specialist and am thisclose to securing a temp place through ... #Orlando or bust!
Exactly. Pay what is necessary to bring in a difference maker, especially if they generate revenue!
Lol this late in the year?!?! I dont get homework!
I really enjoyed ur Mariah Carey artwork. The video was greatwork.
R.I.P to voice mails. Only reason I check my voice mail is to get rid of that symbol.
*Is she a Pagan? No but she was on charmed.*
Their Hollywood name would be Blackeye. That's probably not an Alycia original. It's still funny, though.
thanks, nina!
No, I left for a bit. There was some personal stuff going on, but now I think it helps to be on here...to laugh and to vent! :o)
Eastbound & Down
bro I am down!!!
Something's definitely afoot here... RT : Wisconsin has the look to me that they could be a top 3 to 5 team in the Country-EASY.
So my aunt wants me to run her liquor store up in Noblesville, idk if this is a good idea.
It's true. I got an email from talking about a viewing party for Game 4 at MSG.
a great day, volitility in the market means money can be made
do you think I'm pretty?
We are running a deal on Yelp! Get $20 for $10!
Good luck to you Charlie...Happy New Year...
Storms+classes < my bed
Hitting the bar at 5. Who's in?
DC should just say no to world's ugliest vending trucks.
why thank you! I believe you gotta love what you do and I do!
Happy 50th Birthday to the Memorial Coliseum. This day in 1960, the building hosted its 1st event, Holiday On Ice!
my bad. Had a long weekend. Haha. Ill send it within an hour.
Stay tuned in to your inner truth and her wisdom at all times.
----> RT : I was a better writer when I was emotionally unstable.
awww waking up to this made me so happy! 💙💙💜
Sister is not amused at accompanying me and Mom to art museum. Keeps pointing at potted plants, saying, "Look, it's art."
My mom has an excuse for everything
yes! Maybe I'll make learning how to play a new snow-themed tune part of my evening.
When girls brag to their boyfriend's about finally shaving their legs
So glad you're hosting #Duets - now it's a must watch!
yep. I used to live off Edmond and Fretz. I could barely hear it after awhile
#nowwatching The Avengers. Yes!
I whip my hurr back and forth
hey simone I miss u I didnt see u today
Don't say something without think first! The best way to say somenting is by thinking first.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks! Someday, somewhere #excellit will happen.
You're adorable.
Follow back khalid
I've lost 4.5 pounds since i weighed in last week. Total of 10.5!! 10 more to go! #Focused and Determined :-)
Yes of course, I will talk to you then!
“Do not give yourself over completely to anybody.” - Toni Morrison
“: Gl to and one of the biggest sickos I know.......Farid jattin” ditto
Another solid practice. Keep it rolling
why nt share wth women hw nt to fall for the samething Eve did she did not realize she was already what he said!
Thank you for the mention! We hope gets a chance to see our #solar light bulbs in action in
Shakin My Head at She is Mean lol, wyd?
congrats Monica!
LVB is closed at Gass and Third- avoid when coming downtown for the next couple hours! use Maryland!
My exact thoughts too. I assume Reimold will be out a bit longer since Avery is up now.
Valentines Day comment: Besides diamonds, get extra points with a new kitchen or bathrrom from us. Call us 305-232-3344
The majority of Adrien Brody's movies are of him in situations where he is almost dead, he's a really good actor at playing tired and weak.
Looking forward to meeting with Tuesday to learn more about #EMAC at
Yeah, but how long till they go Kolb...the graphic they put up of Reid blowing a big lead in '99 gives some promise.
More lies? You're terrible.lol
Taylor Gang or drown in the Willy Wonka chocolate river.
uhh wait, what? Can we remedy this immediately?
I feel like puking... It's 3:05 am and I can't sleep...
yah but people do that at Lux.
uhg omg this Desperate Housewives is killing me. theres to much stuff going on cklndsklnvsjkdnvkdsnvskdlnvdslnvsdl
We had a ridiculously awesome time last night Indiana! Can't wait to come back! <3
Thankful for your Mom's homemade pie. Have a great holiday!
thanks and now I have something exciting to wake up to!! :))) #StupidSchool lol yep thts right I have school tomorrow :P
Saw at the Improv last night and the show was great. I wanted to say awesome, but...
Greinke/Lincecum is must-see TV.
did he mention it alot to bug you?
I hope everyone gets a lot of value from it.
This Thursday at 7 PM, join OVS & Rabbi Kassorla at OU For U Cafe in Sandy Springs for a delicious supper & lively discussion on Kabbalah.
That knee is finished.
walk coming up this weekend. Can't wait!
My legs are falling asleep, but it's worth it...
Sharon!!! How are you??
I Feel So Good Today..I Am Goin Outside And Enjoy This Day...Have A Blessed Day Facebook... *BMG*
: call me a naysayer but I kinda don't like it. Good memories of freezing my ass off at Chicago parades.
ello love. Friday I'll have a crew of like 15 for a bday, where will you be?
Busy, busy trying to keep everyones auditions & callbacks straight! I need something that will make the day longer so I can get more done!
Feelin great! Shoutz to everyone on they Friday Night Flow
GET TYO AS KICKED BY A NIGGA SMALLER THAN YOU DOODLE BOP NIGGGA *said extremly fast but fluently*.
you guys didn't say new student when came into your class.. Lol
Orange juice: making me feel human at ungodly hours of the morning since 1983.
RT : Today the bank began eviction process 4 homeowner Monique White. Join us tmrw 12pm 2 discuss plans to defend her home...
That's not an ERA. It's an Area Code.
I'd build you one of those, but it would involve... movement.
Cook out :)
Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will never harm me.
All I can say is you wouldn't want to get rear-ended by that thing.
Interested in marketing? We're looking for someone to join our summer Marketing & Advertising intern team! careers(at)614mediagroup(dot)com
thanks for the follow. Any events going on soon?
"he is cock blocking himself" Lmao!!! <3
Time to relax and let me sing to you. Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs. Message me your email address Ill sendu 3 Mp3s.
that's an understatement. (; LOVED IT.
Stay classy Milwaukee Police Department.
AND MAYBE WE COULD BUST THIS JOINT AND SEE IF MY PLACE IS OPEN TO CHILL...
Nearly $6M in Idaho lottery prizes unclaimed
but it will change promise lol
Rumor has it that Esquire is writing an article on the best bars in the US and they will be featuring several Milwaukee bars (including us)!
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
Design conversation 31: Demonstration happening now
Visionless leaders focus on Austerity as the way out of debt. Leaders with vision focus on Prosperity as the way out of debt. Move FORWARD!
...If you want me in your life, you will do what is needed to put me there and keep me there.
Okay Ross(: QUESTION FOR YOU :D Choose!: Batman or Superman? ^.^
Ain't stressing about a damn thing
Always in the hunt for top IT talent in South Florida
The next cover will be a Foster The People song... :)
something's turned me anti-chill
Im with you on that
lol dm me I gotta tell you about the dance !
Just now hittn the pillow again, z
Indeed a pleasure to see you! RT thanks for coming!!! Glad you enjoyed the treats!
u got a new number
Hey! Thanks for mention!
no doubt RT I think it's safe to say that I'm the reason is now riding for #WhatAYear bit.ly/rRNIFT
I take some clutch naps after school.
PISP TV IS FILMING LIVE AT THE RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR TODAY WITH
What music?
I'm workin' on it Hilary! :-)
So in love with Trespassing! Seriously jammin' hard to Shady, and literally crying to Outlaws of Love. You, are...beautiful.
Seriously its too fucking hot in my room!
Check your DM :D
Hey stranger! I hope you're well, it's been forever. Be sure to also follow ! What have you been up to these days?
I just found out that gorilla warfare has nothing to do with "real" trained gorillas.
End a long work week with a slow glass of Tank 7. And a memorable day for KCUR. Enjoy retirement, Walt Bodine.
Try contacting Philadelphia More Beautiful at 215-685-3981. They can provide information on litter enforcement or deterrents.
Have you booked with don't get left without a cabin on one of the best party cruise!
ikr...u see im gaining followers!! hurray for me lol...u cool aswell!! i be on here cracking up....holla back...
Ghetto Word of the Day: Dictate “His dictate like shit”.
happy Wednesday
Just had breakfast with in Yonkers, Ny
Social determinants of health are the best predictors of readmission to the hosptial
Thank you so much for sharing!!!! I greatly appreciate it. :-)
I would too...love her exuberance at games RT What i really want in life is to be friends with Ray Allen's mom via
If you think one person can't make a difference, you've never slept with a mosquito in the room! #askObama your questions using the #
Debating on whether or not to sleep or stay up and watch reruns....Hmm tough question..I'll go with the 2nd one i'm not tired :)
At Virginia now! Hitting NYC today!
Happy Saturday Skulk! XOXO!
or even better, just don't assume things about me. Don't assume my kindness for weakness--Just Remember, I'm a real fucking bitch.
"Love and hate are crucial for critics, along with deep-seated ambivalence." Morris Dickstein last week in the
at least the week is more than halfway over now, can't wait for a three day weekend!!!
Weaver. No-hitter.
Today in 1794 opened to the public
or blood in the snow gives CROM a smile
Congrats on the new job, Alan. Welcome to the Buckeye state!
Can't wait..hopefully its the REAL cool down and not another tease
Was really hoping for a woman to be Governor of Wisconsin. But, I'll settle for Walker not being Governor of Wisconsin
Getting ready to wrap up the day at #ommavideo a great day learning about advertising and video
Ready for the #ipad to destroy Twitter. And probably the whole internet. Wheeee!
RT : I highly recommend chocolate soy milk on cereal. I was out of plain and this is working great! Sugar rush in 3...2...1...!!!
what is with all the death?
Francisco's pants! :)
Lay down on ya stomach,spread your ass cheeks and let me go deep in that pussi...slow deep strokes so you can fill it all in you ;)
hey handsome.
can u follow me plz
nigga live can't wait till he hit miami
Sorry I missed this tweet! Can you send me some more info on the summit? Thx!
like what?
Watch them be on Americas best dance crew. WATCH IT HAPPEN. WATCH.
Are you okay?!?
- Prasino in chicago.
agreed. See also: Banner Saga.
whooohoo! Win it!!
RT : Photo: Do something with your Broken & Out dated Gold Jewelry. Get Creative, we can redesign using your own......
We love you too!! :) Have a great weekend! RT : Penny loves !
Good job!
Ok maybe he settles for Rapunzel
Won our softball game, now watching The Cardinals game!<3 #CardsAreWinning 5-0!
new username :)
Biking in rain is awesome until you get home and have to pick worms of your bike and legs!
The new paints are in the store, and have been input into the system so they can be purchased! I will be posting a pic soon
chillin wit fenna drink & cook tonight
Hope we get to see you both in!
"If you think you are leading and turn around to see no one following, then you are just taking a walk"
It might not be worth it
thanks for the blog follow and the mention
don't kid yourself, that Linking Park song was horrible. Jay z and Talking Heads
Oh is so comforting. Yup. To that fucking hole bye.
Anyone know why my disconnected Verizon internet box has been beeping all night? Feels like I'm in a Friends episode.
Your looking for a boyfriend, i see that, give me time, you know im gonna be there!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!! Who's ready for a fiesta complete with margaritas and beer?
ALL my sales for any person: Recommend and Refer, equals Rewards and Royalties ANYTIME a friend you refer to me, you WILL get products!
I'll be in Nashville the week before the shower... Let's get together!
Congratulations to your new son and daughter are so beautiful! #twins!
True love in the morning. ": I need some Starbucks in my life this morning."
Losing an hour isn't fun. What would you rather do with the time? If all in the US share 1 hour w/ friends or causes, it totals 35,000...
"Don't seek reassurance. Seek change." -Harry Beckwith
Just ran the numbers, both Illinois schools are within 500 miles of Wooster, Scots likely to host Sweet 16 and Elite Eight
“: If I only had to follow 1 person on here it would probably be #toofunny”<
what's up Chica?!
“: also daily mass mailings as well, he's more annoying than the head on commercials” yep; getting those, too.
Hope you get banned for life you thug. Shit at football, shit at being a human being. Go away you scum
the ability to make groceries appear in my refrigerator
Hope everyone has a great Easter!
Her husband is getting arrested and she is taking pictures-that's weird right?
We couldn't of had a fire drill on a more perfect day 
If you don't like country you are obviously black, or you have never actually lived the country life for a day
Patty & I are going over your Twitter 101 slides
"BITCH YOU GOT RAPED, GET OUT" is what you yell after a rape. it is not what you yell during -- what is ostensibly -- televised sports
Considering Ford has a huge plant in Ontario, there could be a lot of "hosers" there.
let's sail away ,find out own country..we'll build a house and beds out of pine trees.let's get away, lets push our lives away
If I didn't answer your text/bbm I'm not ignoring you, my phones acting fucking retarded!
I wonder if we have school tomorrow our teachers were giving us work for us to do if we had no school
Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too. B. B. King
#Denver we will be at Lodo's at 3:30pm.. Can't wait!
ref with me! then you can be there and feel this excitement all the time!
10.) god is the one I admit everything to the one I trust and love forever
follow back so i can DM you
Nice collection! That looks like inspiration enough. :-)
Way to go #NYR!!! Bring on the Devils - Let's do this!!
WHAT? twitpic. right now.
Wishing Columbus' a huge congratulations on another Emmy nomination this year for Into the Wild! Awesome job!
Sleep soon (: #realtired goodnight hmm.. (: prayers to a great day tomorrow 🙏 (:
Looking forward to welcome you! See you tomorrow!
Vanilla cream soda it ridiculous good O.o
morn boo!!
Instead I'm going to listen to Blizzard of Ozz and sulk.
Be careful when manipulating review content. Your intent can be misconstrued. Just educated customers. Be transparent & natural.
you know it
My 2012 resolution is to drink the same amount as I did in 2011.
Social security is NOT an entitlement, dammit! Stop calling it that.
Certainly a group that will #LiveyourTalk and proud of it! Cheers to moving forward and a great day.
I'm testing this new Chrome Extension that lets you post to Google+, Twitter and Facebook at the same time! W00t!
I'm always catching my cousins scratching their butts. It's so weird.
Guess who's girlfriend I'm playing in the show?
Glad you made it OK. Great to see all you #NewPal cats!
Some random ass boy keeps on walking back and forth past the holiday hair...nigga sit yo ass down.
how to have a better attitude for sure!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're doing well up north!
Got my new car... dealing with car salesmen gave me a headache.
following back love :)
does the lotus news hurt/help and ?
A lovely #FF to new friends and old!
Need a gift in a hurry? Morton's New eGift Cards delivered with the click of a button. www.mortons.com
Haven't bit my nails in two Weeks..that's a great achievement for me.lol
Someone made a really simple gesture towards me today that I needed. I know we're friends, but he will never know how much it meant :)
<<<<<Everyone follow this good tweeple right here!!
"It's the prophecy. It was foretold a 1000 years before dinosaurs." "As cool as that sounds, how awesome would it be to deny the prophecy?"
Rough piece this afternoon wtih but super job reacting to the
RT if you are holding or using an apple product right now. RIP STEVE JOBS you will be missed<3
now that i'm on computer and not phone, I see who you are :-) guess you already know about MJHS BYOD program :-)
Hope my home of MKE treated you well. :)
if you are really Miley follow me and we talked for DM, please.
haha whatever he did, it worked.
Clearly Atlantic Records needs a talkin' to. Prepare the pie charts and spreadsheets!!
Nobody can prove life after death. But if there is a hell...it's probably a lot like driving behind an old person when you're in a hurry.
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
Have you ever made a girl's legs shake?
I am already naked. Still hot. And also, DON'T TALK ABOUT MY CAT LIKE THAT BITCH
A wise person recognizes the supreme Self in all activities and views all activities as mere expressions of the Self.
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
Thanks for the follow, Madeline!
Am going to try out this Twitter thing... :)
I don't get it, this guy is NOT ATTRACTIVE. Why are all these women making fools of themselves over him?
"Happy St. Patrick's Day"
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan having the perfect accessories to go with your favorite outfit.
Powerful last sentence. #ShabbatShalom !
cheers again man! Appreciated...
Everybody's happier after a margarita... :)
More than anything, I want you to be thinking of me, missing me as much as I miss you.
very chilly this morning. No wonder Suh's car skidded out of control downtown...
Donk freestyle by gives me life.
Jamaican quote "Chicken merry hark deh near." Translation: If you continue with the violent romping, one person will get hurt.
Back to Boston tomorrow. It's been so nice being home! Wish it could last longer, but what can ya do...
that dumb Jamie Lee Curtis and her #Activia commercials. As a man, I feel like I'm not allowed to eat it now.
Who came up with the number 140 for the limit anyway? Haha it so random!
Enjoyed the great weather tonight after work. Not cooking - thx for #glutenfree #peanutfree pizza Also, having some veggies!
juss ran into Arnaz at WalMart...awkward. but he sound different lol
I love playoff hockey. [oh i apologize, people have said this before? yes, because it is that awesome]
Stranded at my desk on a Friday night.
Wow. I thought my tweets were gay..
Second that one RT : true story! speaking of Horlick...
Nice meeting you, Dustee. I look forward to reading your tweets!
Looking 4ward to hearing Terry Brooks tonight Child Care Provider Spring Institute.
ROWING: Modified rowers take their maiden voyage at Saratoga Invitational WITH VIDEO
that's what it was?!?? I saw him faint on my way to the gym and didn't do shit
looking for a database architect in nyc with conceptual experience within the investment banking industry
We have a show tonight at Charlie's in Austin! See you there, Oklahomies!
This sick fuck sent 8 pix of his dick to a 13yr old girl LOCK THAT NIKKA UP !!!!!
Smoltz signed another couple of cards for me. Cause he's awesome.
i are so unhappy. i'm starting to hate glitter as much as him.
you answer everybody but me .. I'm sad, I cry
Yea we been kool fo a long time
Passing Out, Stomach Ache , Headaches, & Throwing Up Smh
okay (: when do I have to send it ? And do I send just the pictures ? Or put the pics together in a video ?
But you can name your son Roberto!!
what song would you choose if you made a duet with Austin?
a weekend full of block parties and community events!
ion forgive or forget .. i just move tf around .
Your A ★I LOVE YOUU
ok I know the girls describe n ill point u in the right direction :)
Gross Shot time! Not sure if Prairie Fire is gross or just painful: shot of tequila w/ Tabasco & pepper on top. Video or it didn't happen.
Regarding the naming of my mother's dog, whose name is Reba..."You shoulda named her Dolly, that bitch can yodel."-my sister.
I like unicorns <3
#thingsthedevilinvented obnoxious children!
Knew I could count on you.
YAH baby!! Same w/ ur roommie! All for sharing a great message!
You know it works when you burn yourself while curling your hair.
All of you voting NAY for racino are lame.
Man what a day coaches brought there A game today and thanks for the push!!!!
Outside, deep frying some fish fillets in the cold air, this Thanksgiving morning...! Yep... and frost still on the ground...! Wow.. Great!
Walk Away - Lara Fabian (with lyrics): via
This is message from friendstream.
thank you (:
Fast and furious 4 .. BOoty everywhere !
Hey Diego Dex, thanks for the retweet! You're a pal.
Caught me over seas flocka of Bitches blowin dank...
Dam this old lady fell off her bike lol dam it's not funny but u should have saw how it happen
during big games those 4$ thickets sell for hundreds
All Muslim countries have a baby boom generation right now. All great revolutions had baby boom generations behind them.
It wasn't enough. Don't get me wrong it was amazing. Best show Iv'e been to. But holy shit do I want to go again.
Indiana won, now it's time for us!
The Discovery #OV103 flyover is amazing! I'm not ashamed to say it's brought me to tears.
Only 29 days til Date for a Cure fundraiser for kids w #cancer! #LLS did you buy your VIP ticket yet?!
The girls in Lakoda Rayne all look beautiful! Oh and they sound great too!
Sexual dysfunction is closely associated with sexual homicide.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Yeah, I did like around 6 to ask if you were taking reservations for Sunday, and the girl's name was Samantha and I wasn't
AUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHH. :) All better now.
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu includes Sinebrychoff Porter and a Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast
hm maybe following me, on twitter of course ;), could help. Never hurts to try!(:
I'm breathing for a purpose.
Sometimes the templates in Publisher work well for a simple trifold. Ive worked w Econoprint to get them printed high res too.
Time for another rally Gents, do they have it in them?
The mofos rallying against gay marriage are the same folks that have no political stance on anything else.
going to bed. gn all
its that radio commercial where the mom says ” football is my favorite show!” Lol I got her a tebow shirt for her birthday
If happy ever after did exist. I would still be holding you like this.
Its cinco de mayo bitches
that game was mortifying. let's blame wine or something.
u rang?
I just cracked all my toes 
I hope okc send kobe home crying at his mj poster....
The sexiest curve on a girls body is her smile (: -- Lewis Amous . ()
Sure, but I find it very hard to believe that many of the million invitees weren't Egyptian... Especially those who RSVPed.
NO SKOOL 2DAY!! (: the district is closed!! (:
Scrapes, cuts, and grease all over my legs... good ride.
I love you with all my heart
Yes they will! :)
dont care if she got good pussy , jus as long as she got good credit !
I like staying the night at a family members house and talking to someone that's it.
2 black Cadillacs meeting for the first time
I think things are a little meager here as well...
Form follows function always
That's one way to begin a beautiful morning :)
Thanks for the retweet Richard!
Good thing I attacked myself with sunscreen!
I hate #maths with a
... with the donkey? I'd really like to meet the donkey too ... ;) Thanks for the RT! Thinking of going?
Time to get that Obama/Biden 2012 sticker
Heat lost this game but we not losing anymore games this that wakeup call
I've slept all day and im kinda tired now tfff
Happy Mother's Day
Continuing my Sunday morning tradition of ironing and #TheBigBangTheory marathon. I'm hard-to-the-core.
doing great Mal.. How've you been?
giiit it girl
Watching the DBacks play
GO YANKEES!!!! Have a great weekend!!
Faith, Hope, Truth, and Love, Kiki....... Live by that, and you have it all.
I never bitch about acting here, but getting a 12:20pm commercial aud sent at 11:30am same day is NOT OK! #SAG-AFTRA should not allow this.
why would I peace when my mom had already offered to get me food ?
Just @ Westwood Whole Foods Market doing a gluten free grocery tour. Yay!
who needs a radio?!
I hate when my parents know I have to be somewhere and they take forever to get home 😠
RT if you love Niall Horan, i will follow you :)
When for profit entities invest in non profit unis and "share revenue" what happens to integrity of curriculum & faculty?
I'm great! despite the fact that that's probably not the only one of your red flags I can relate to...hm. how are you?
Oosthuizen on his way to becoming most unheralded double major winner since Andy North.
hello, Your a cute Dog. ^^ who's your owner.?
- I was just talking about old BBSs last night. Anyone every play TradeWars 2002?
“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection, we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
I haven't seen the numbers for other titles, but that's my sense. The industry took big hit in the 1990's and hasn't recovered.
French presidential candidate Francois Hollande bets on boring - Chicago Tribune
make that rookie of the year push and make Irving jealous
yea, you should have cause i did
Hello World
What kind of pie has beer in it? Sign me up.
I'm following ! Best children's books ever!
also congratulations!
Quarter finals!! Go Cammy!
Only one hour left of Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo! Make sure you make it count!
<~~~ Happy National Siblings Day! I love you, sisters!
You're welcome Laura! ^^ I love you too <3
who do you have?
We love to see y'all getting along!!
Apparently its frowned upon to make macho man jokes in aisle two at 7-11. Which reminds me, aisle two is officially out of slim jims.
New Mexico Satellite Man has a great antenna for bringing in the free local channels off of the Sandias. Call John - 350-6428!
Hitting the spots in #DTSA tonight.
Hot bubble bath too...
Also Go Texas. I don't have to hate since they are no real threat this year :-P
get my own place...but so want a roommate that would be fuckin awesome
You are looking wonderful tonight, Anita!
Thanks, love! :)
omg i have no idea hahah i dont think that question is worded right
/ Hey there... Your BUZhunt game stats are displayed below the game card panel. You've been BUZd by 6 targets so far!
:( feed your tummy
"Trust the Duck Luke" - Yoda
"...an expert on women in sport says the key to greater respect & support lies as much in the boardrooms & press galleries as on the field."
Cool fun fact!
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was. And follow us for perks and info!
Oh, and I believe that '08 "inevitable" candidate who lost Iowa also won New Hampshire before going on to lose the nomination.
Well thankss. I wish i had more time of vacation like you.! Haha
So pretty. I saw some at Lowes today but already in trouble with what I had in my cart. Hubby's going to take my card.
We live in Club Play
We're looking forward to regularly joining your Monday night #petchat! Do you have a "class attendance" sign-in?
Just completed Week 3 - Day 2 (completed 2.07mi with run pace of 10:53 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
I need some late nite text. Buddies
Talk on coleg suddenly switched from civilunions to Lobato, not a good sign IMHO. Nothing from nic or Eli.
thought you were putting out song?!
Snow in April ... global warming is a BIOTCH ain't it!
wondering why the customer service people at United aren't really into customer service.
it's okay . And sorry to hear that ;/
Get your creative mind back to working on that dormant money making breakthrough. Some folk need to eat. NspiredBy Proverbs 13: 2
where are you!
“: the awkward moment when your trying to go to sleep and your friend hasn't left yet.eh hem.. l” HAY PARTYS STILL HERE!
Wheels down BWI. Good to be home.
awe you're too kind
OWASP Orlando Q1 meeting went amazingly well. Huge thanks to and for presenting. Stay tuned for an awesome Q2!
you never really can fix my heart <3
you know people of said my band kinda sounds like them, wanna check us out :) ?
Hey what president would you want to hang out/ play hoops with?
Dylan Thomas's response: Scotch.
41,390 words down, 8,610 words to go! About to post my inspirations for two of the main characters in the series!
Decent first half. It's all about ball movement for us on offense and traps on defense
Vandross or Campbell? Because if it's the latter, I can see why you would wait until no one's there.
i am going to call u now
Yo Guys! Ive Decided That Im Gonna Be A Stripper :-)
knows how to make you regret am avatar bet. Especially last minute drunken avatar bets.
Ohwaaaoohhh trust issues 😘
Michael Jackson passes b4 the BET Awards, Amy Winehouse passes b4 the VMA's, & Whitney Houston passes b4 the Grammy's.
The only good thing about being at Jury Duty today is that I won't get called again for 2 years.
It has been a perfect day for swimming.
Santa has been getting a lot of requests for for YMCA gift cards this year. Be sure to stop by your local Y and grab yours today!
these fees taxes gotta go. there so much wasteful spending its pitiful. 1 group getting richer while common man suffering
lmao... That's probably what it is
Hot beats on deck get @ me
With a month left in school, I guess I can check out the library for the first time this yr
I'm really disappointed that the beefy crunch burrito isn't a permanent menu item! Boo
at this tea shop called Teavana
You walked by, looked at me and I rolled my eyes. What I'm I supposed to do smile at chu?
Is it standard practice to NOT charge customers for major upgrades?
Good morning to you!
that guy is such a queer
tweeting about birds
wat it dew g??
lucky you lol. i work.... 42.1 miles one way. thank god it pays well
On to the next one...
Sour Diesel for $35 an 8th
YOUR READING THIS. AH, btw, I love youu<3
ikr! It was so funny yet so sad how the judges totally crushed her hopes
that just made my day.
GOTTA FIND YOU!
OMG its cold... Congrats to the New England Patriots!!! Didn't get a chance to watch the game got a bite distracted, but it was worth it. <3
A Happy Hippo! I can't ever find them ): but they taste like heaven in a cookie!
you know when its real when you afraid to tell how you feel
#chrisbrownfame Love the new album!
i think that was the most stressful week in my life^^ :'D but I had fun though ♥ :DD
We are shipping out our Anti-Radiation Patches thru Amazon. They are selling and they work.
Today's gift card winner is MANDI RHOADES STALLINGS! Congratulations!
i love kate upton
> on their Hillary articles. Hillary isn't remarkable bc of pastel pants suits, it's her accomplishments that matter
"Things aren't what they used to be and probably never were." ~Will Rogers
I did! I can't have the poor child walking around clueless about her school lol
well scratch it then lmao
I can say with confidence that you cant. And I welcome the challenge... Bring it!
A Smart Person Learns From THEIR Mistakes. A Wise Person Learns From YOUR Mistakes.
I jus swag in
NATURALS Pomegranate & Mango Refreshing Shower Gel: SPECIAL - SAVE 66%! SPECIAL OFFERS
I am suspicious that lemon Chobani is less substantial than other Chobani. Also, it's not lemony enough.
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 85F Fair: 85F Fair
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 1~~ 1.Be extremely well prepared. 2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
oh, you mean that's not how you say it?
I hope the 3 lucky winners like art and artists....
Treason is 12 GOP leaders having dinner the night of Obama's inaugeration & plotting how they were going to destroy his presidency.
If NBC cancels Parks & Rec or Community, I will burn that motherfucker down. DOWN. TO. THE. GROUND.
why do you say that?!
Excellent gyro today, !
Yes please.
im not even in a bad mood
Now I am homeward bound.
I know ppl that have seen it twice so it probably doesn't suck lol
you got it, whens your bday?
is joining forces with Fremont Outdoor Movies to bring you the same neighborhood fun this Halloween. We're excited!
Shoeshine guy at 30th Street Station singing spanish lullaby over cell phone
Monster truck rallies often times have 1$ popcorn
Ight bro keep me updated
well, look at that! Haha.
Yo Loueyyy peeps, check out tomorrow night (4/20) you don't want to miss Bear In Heaven. I'm working on making my way there!
you need to add to do interviews on Fox/Fuel & find new PBP as well, move Anik to color
don't judge him CONNOR! we can't all be good at everything! i got your back
Hot sauce on my burrito baby ..cuz u taste so good to me
thanks, i enjoy your comments and reviews
To much stuff to do. I need at least two days to clear my head but it doesn't look like that will happened
OH YEAH WESTEST YEAH
Just finished clearing the backyard of a recently purchased house. The new owners wanted the old swing set out of there!
That's what I used (extract). Just wasn't strong enough for the sourdough.
Hope you're trying out Chris!
Preparing for another weekend at Sports at the Beach....baseball in Delaware #SATB. Stop by and see us if you're playing there!
I'll expect to see a new tweet in a month or two saying you lost those 10 lbs! Keep those running shoes on!
Annie what's up?
sherie at Aidan Gill has taken care of me for years cc
Ha ha! Have a good evening! Hope all is well. Btw, I'm in Houston now but visit Austin quite often.
I do what tells me to do. RT Everyone follow my friend on twitter! Shes new to twitter and its freaking her out!
Ugh why does it cost almost $400 to fly from Philly to Columbus.
He's not here today. ...
thx for follow kenny, returning the favor, looking forward to you're tweets, hope u enjoy mine, peace {^_^}
Come on #UNCAshville .... you can do this... play smart....
Hey Guys Check out my Fb Page its called AJL Photography please like and comment RT!!!! Please!!!!! Thanks
Chen is my hero. I could never do that.
yay your going!? But that I can't do.
Pedophiles of America: Stay away from 800 W Katella Ave, Anaheim‎ CA‎ 92802, United States. It's the National Cheer Championships
the place looks nice.
You would think that since we have 4 managers on duty, we wouldn't be waiting 10 minutes for a manager at the registers. You would be wrong.
Check your personal dictionary and delete the ones you don't want. Likely under settings, language, keyboard.
learned some good things in class today. the great news for emerging film makers/writers...content is still king
sup wezzy a bro i got to talk to u u know my parents hit me back
Another day of meetings. Excited for things that lie ahead!
Follow back ? (:
yeah totally agree
needs food! I'm spacing :-)
Fantastic opening night for Strictly Painting 8. Stay tuned for pictures.
Look at ya... Finally posting on Twitter!
Doing a podcast on Starship Troopers later this year. We should talk.
...kids off to school soon. 7am... coffee... Paul Chambers transciption...
That awsome moment when your teacher ain't in the room for the last 30 minutes of class! 😌
Hate it or love it the underdogs on top, and im gonn'shine homie until my heart stop.
I've been really good! Same old stuff just working.. how are you baby solo and rae doing??
textandshout: #health2dev Code-a-thon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl! Its on!
The Magnetic Killing Fields
U do sumn for me baby, I luh ya #Truuuuuuu 
I watched Transformers today. I've spent 2 hours in my garage telling the car I know his secret. He's shy. 😔
what's on your mind
I was voter 120 at the Doyle Admin. bldg at 2:30. Still think it's going to blow other primary turnout records out of the water.
There are some great people on twitter
Rough start to the day, had AK whiff a few times then lost A9cc vs SB 18bb jam into my BB with Q8. Down to 25k
Awww, that's really nice. Will retweet.
thats awesome! I'm a huge fan too - was made he didn't come here on his last tour
Come to zebraclub today, buy any outerwear and recieve a FREE beanie!
What was your favorite April Fool's joke from this weekend?
today is a new day. Its past 12
The most creative people are often the most crazy. I say be authentic and embrace your craziness.
I believe self-marketers should see myspace as a cautionary tale of how to ruin a bulletin board and not as a marketing guide for facebook
Yes. I know you won't give up. You're the romantic ;) Cool. I hope you will find her.
<<<===Amen Kelly. I needed to be in the house of the LORD today. Just singing the Black national anthem had me in tears.
There's just something about Bella in Breaking Dawn that makes me wanna SLAP A BITCH!
Controlled, polite, to the point. A very Hoosier debate.
had a great 7 course dinner at Upstairs on the Square... great food and service
That's too bad. I hope the next movie you see you will love!
I've avoided work for as long as I can today. It's so beautiful out I don't want to sit at a screen. But alas. To the writing, Robin!
A little birdie told me that In Union will be on The Katt's Local Talent Show next week. Stay tuned!
Nothing good is coming from giving the 10-month old a pair of cymbals. #whatwasi thinking
Crazier that it's been 10+ yrs since he killed a man RT : Crazy that he's 37. RT : Happy 37th Birthday !
can't find them listed on iTunes, I'd listen if I could find them on there
Happy Birthday! Have a blessed day! RT Lol I don't think my sister knows it's my bday very pitiful lmbooo
war on women is just stupid on so many levels..i mean..is suffrage still going on
#FRIDAfund/ talks about participatory grant making in action at
are you tuned into the #grammys? ...where's the party at?! oh there it is.
In Oregon, we are not allowed to pump our own gas, so we have attendants. I love it. HATE pumping own gas.
So you made it yesterday after all. Congratulations! Keep it up.
sorry for your loss!
We love our service team! Enjoy the show > I'm SO excited Jen helped out. She's our hero today :)
lmao , i guess so .
but i'm scared to go to the hospital because they're gonna ask 5827567863574256 questions -_-
K thanks I'm done :-)
Cannot wait for harris and bigby wow..im so glad we finally have my boys back also a shout to S Anthony Smith the guy got talent
to late! Lol
Happy birthday :)
Once I chose to be happy everthing else fell into place.
hey(: we haven't talked in a long time!:o
damn u raw for that one..lol
Prioritized importance in #edreform: Corporate Profits > Student Learning. #FYI #$$$
Looking into my future I see I will be a Successful Female Leader....... Truning Dreams into Reality
I knowww. I love it!(: haha.
Money has a tendency of acting funny! U can't worship God & money! U can't love money & God. God comes 1st!
Why bother....
Just discovered your site and book yesterday. Excited!!!
Shut up -_-
hilarious! Forced low res, I like it?
is the little bird right?
Time to head to the comic book store for Free Comic Book Day.
Hmm, that's a long drive lol. I was more passing it along for you. Let me see what I have that week though, I'm a maybe.
I joke around a lot. But when i speak to you personally it comes from the heart.
Heard ur #UTSMW talk via UStream today! Lovin all you guys are doing & would love to learn more. Is ur blog the best resource?
Not a cliche at all. Glad you feel that way.
This nigga look like a roach lmfao
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Yo anybody want to fill up my truck? Just $65, that's cheap!
#ConfessionHour i like some of my friends as more than friends ; )
Thanks for the open dialogue tonight &
I'm bummed about Whitney.
Follow follow follow follow follow follow follow folow
At work already on a sat must really love the money
at this point I have no more grandparents. Not even grandparents in law
Even President Bush supported civil unions.. Romney also wants a federal ammenment to change our constitution. Wrong side of history.
Have fun tonight! RT : A couple hours before our tour and tasting with
and you don't know shit you're just an ignorant lil white girl from the burbs that really thinks she's gonna be a rapper
Hating on
In case you missed it I posted a new letter today.
Heartfelt. You're a real pro. So great to see you again. But I might not eat with Coy anymore.
that's blasphemy. I'm rebuilding the site. Sorry ma'am.
just think of it as 17 or 18 tweets (if average English word is 5 letters, in prose). No problem.
My prayers to all who passed away on the DC train crash..what is up..something is aloof with DC...shootings at museum & train crashes!!!
we're too young, this is never going to work.
Theme Music...everygood hero should have some "I'm Gonna Get You Sucka" Lol!
Yahoo! Goes Beyond Gold With Global Programming Coverage of Summer Olympics
Nothing like a power outage to make you appreciate windows in a processing room.
fantastic, lemme know when you get in,
We officially have a beer sponsor for our New Years Eve event!! Can't wait to share...stay tuned!
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "serese icpsee". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get B1G1 #Free!
Thanks so much for sharing!!
HoeLies #36 I didn't sleep with Tiger Woods.
very cute!
please follow please !
Alarm clocks that are sensitive to your sleep patterns are not a new idea
What's next for members of the #GSA accused of blowing taxpayer dollars on lavish trips? The story in 20min on the
So I can't eat past midnight and I have a DR Apt in the AM lame!!!!
Favorite song performed live...."L' is Gone" by Musiq Soulchild....this brings back so many memories. 2003 Lake Buena Vista HOB.
RT : saved ALL THE #DOGS on the kill list in the Dallas Pound this wk. Vote for her for Most Beautiful of Dallas...
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. My daily snack is cheddar cheese popcorn and a fruit punch Arizona.
#pleaseletmesleep My one day off and I woke up at the crack of dawn.
What's your favorite childhood memory?(:
lol. Somebody at the D1 level better be scooping up my boy Buckets soon.
I love them times when your just sitting there thinking about her in your wondering if she's thinking about you too<3
Morehouse Men have more respect for their neighbors?? Think so...
Dipping my feet into the Pacific. It's actually warmer than the air!
What up peepz?
Thanks for the re-tweet. Again, Snapper was awesome, thanks for having him on last night!
So is tweeting so much of his session that I don't feel I'm missing anything not being in the room
I once tried to convince a room full of employers/HR people of that. I don't think they believed me.
You know you're not working very hard when...you're using the wrong hand to control your mouse...
Ya, sorry, we've been super busy trying to get our beta ready for SXSW. I'll call you today.
There is nothing you can't do unless you try.
i guess its good but doesnt really matter and prob not
Didn't know we had a shark attack victim in our oral comm class.
I like it.
#LAWind damage any of your outdoor sculpture? Tweet us your questions or contact #artservicesguild member for assistance
Can't decide on dinner??? WTF this is an important decision tonight!
yea sure. i HATE it when ppl do that. so i unfollow them
Hey Ash, are either of your parents professors?
I NEED summer...now!
Time to get my vote on
Have a fabulous day, Rose (:
Thinking of a master plan...
Awesome, I may stop by for a super fun Saturday night. How much longer will you be there?
How to implement open access to federally funded research is keeping me up at night.
Congratulations on your home run!
After tonight's #BIGGERTHANJESUS show join the "Faith & Tradition" conversation with a panel of Religious and Performance Studies Scholars.
New York turned on Amare Stoudemire quicker than #Browns fans turned on Josh Cribbs.
I thought for sure that BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA and THE RUNNING MAN must have had overlapping art departments, but they did not.
welcome Cafe41 to the neighborhood & twitter :) we r right down the street from john street dorms!College friendly prices & deals
LETS GO GIANTS! (CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP) LETS GO GIANTS! (CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP)
Its hot outside cant wait to the pool open
second day of the #NIST conference gaithersburg maryland.
Enjoying a great #coaching session with
OpenClass- integration w/institutional SIS - for users, but courses in, course content rollover, grades out- harder
RT : lol. It's fun to say "must listen to the voices!! They're screaming to be set free!!". so true
Everyone, even and #Obama get 24 hours. What you do with it is up to you so make the most of it. Be productive and help mankind.
we gotta start with a name first lol..u got anything marinating
well go you're gorgeous shouldn't have no trouble finding a date
Me six!
There's a place in your heart nobody's been, take me there ❤
and GM 2 U
Loving #DC so far and looking forward to seeing the sights from the boat on the potomac cc
i'm now determined to listen to more of kelly clarkson's music! "the sun will rise" is my new favorite :)
Feel like butt :(
So you pick a day to go to different thrift stores?
Channel Brad Ross on a breakaway!!
Double wammi Victory in my basketball game & Relationship status:taken:)
Raul/Del Piero would add valuable experience, Owen has to be released.
Hey, girls on bikes. You're just great.
every time I see "something/something/bluegrass/something else" in a band's genre title I'm all "pshh"
let us be frank: 's "Leonard the Lonely Astronaut" is an incredible collection of kickin' songs. you should preorder now!
thanks for the reply! I am using Mac and it is commercial. I want to Share a clip of a movie to go along with a book we are reading
The reason why people respect what I say is because they've seen my actions
on twitter yu dig me
Its okay to change the methods; but don’t touch the message. Share the message in places where people are most likely to receive it.
This is the longest it has ever taken me to make a cake what the crap.... Never in my life and it was not even a designed cake jus basic
definitely! Tonight I am headed to a bday party and possibly a crawfish boil. Maybe an afternooner 2morrow?
xD But they're so fun to take at the same time.
THIS! #TheStruggle RT I'm so distracted by the music videos in this club. Especially when they play the throwbacks. Lol
confirmed there was indeed something rotten. Three-month-old yogurt in the back of the fridge. It has been removed.
thank you so much for RTing that!we now have 204 followers. :)
wady is so hot.
I know. Oh well. Next year ... RT : Yes! I thought of you there and realized we never indicated where we would be.
Of course they are there for you. Have fun.
Agreed! Good first day in London for me :) Hope your travels go well!
Now to refinance, you need a new #mortgage, causing a jam. Intention of #harp. Eberly of
Going to knock the dust off of some programming books tonight. This Friday is shaping up to be a wild one.
Did just hickup?
- get your bob from sidestreet pants ready for Saturday!
you're quite welcome! Hope it went/going well!
“ “If I can't have you all to myself, then I rather not waste my time dating you.””
One day I'm go rep that MMG with we goin straight to the top all hate is welcome fuck boys
At a birthday party.:)
Good night twitter and Facebook. :-)
"This My Last Time , Not Asking Anymore, If You Don't Do Right, I'm Walking Out That Door."
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way. ~E. M. Forster
Someone suggest a good middlegrade fantasy adventure read. Go!
RT When I'm bored I like to eat.
meet me in the trap
The weekend always goes too quickly, doesn't it tweetahs? Have a wonderful Monday!
Things have taken a different route than I expected . #ForTheBetter #iLikeThis (:
classes are out. My calendar should not be this full or double-booked. what's going on?!
If you have any questions you would like to ask Hershey's Chocolate company, please call 1-800-468-1714.
Bazaar. Never heard of that.
Gonna go rollerskating now.
:( it looks like it'll be a couple weeks. After superbowl.
Life is full of risks. Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.
wtf? Haha. What kinda fruits are those?
“: #smwsportsbiz panel what's the newest, coolest, innovative way any of you are utilizing social media?” great q
#IAlwaysWonderIf I've met my future husband yet...or dated him. o.o
It's time for my iced vanilla latte
Never waste a moment, it may be the last with someone you love.
Why do you have time to like all my statuses but you can't come home?
can you say #houseparty? (with of course!)
looking forward to the awards!
Lol... Let's chalk this one up y'all...
I've run out of excuses to not get out of bed. There are monsters down stairs right?
OMG! I CANT STOP WATCHING NEW VIDEO #RIGHTBYMYSIDE <3 I LOVE IT SO MUCH :-)
at 11 I'll be switching between the debate and Reliable Sources so I may miss some.
SD Society of Professional Journalists sponsoring a "Grade the Media" panel 1/26. Do we want to know how the public views our coverage?
Neil Woelk from the Boulder Daily Camera talking about Big 12 expansion now! Also, your thoughts, 303-297-1510!
Could not get anything going up here at the Golden Gates here in
yeah I think you're right
I've been accepted into the Master of Creative Writing program at Ball State. So excited to be heading back to school!
Sweet Dreams RO! ;) Nutty Night xx
One year exactly since you broke my heart you insensitive little prick. I'm so glad i'm done with all that shit
help a momma directioner out
QOTD: "Smart phones are hella scary, dude. They're getting to smart." -Edgar Lima (my little brother)
“: I bet that DVD will also come out "soon".” THIS.
So does that mean I can officially stop trying now?
but does a pity #FF still count.....
ALways good 2 see ya :) Have a Great Moms Day :)
Great job on Here Comes The Boom, I had fun on set!! Keep em coming!
am on some shit really doe
its been a crazy year:O heheh and i loved every min of it ;)
Beautiful Day Here in Miami!!! Heading to work!!!
I loves chocolate! :)
is SOLD OUT !!
So, whatever doesn't kill me makes me stronger, applies to bug larvae. ...although it does help to wash them down with some whiskey.
The Drake thirst on my TL tho and its not just females :/
“: My mind was blown when I realized "OK" is a sideways person.” HOLY SHIT
Thank U! Thank U for the follow! :-) have an awesome day!
The Pari-Mutuel Tax (if anybody can take any pleasure in that blood money) is up $14,800,000. [1944]
pay the lord be with us 🙏🙌
Perfect. Will Intervention be right after that then?
Dont want to come back yet
50% off a Signature Facial and Brow Wax at the Wauwatosa Wellness Center - head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
Happy Mother's Day! Waiting to call mine until I know for sure her flowers have arrived...maybe will give me a heads up??
Wow its nearly midnight and im wide awake and i have a test tomorow
Here is a toast to MCA #another dimension
We have some new staff members. Stop in and say hi to them. Open till 9 Monday through Saturday Sunday till 7 :)
Have a great night everyone DMV tomorrow I would hate to wait in that Line,, call me for an appointment 702-882-6007
Cool im just chilin with the wife
He's making me suffer...lol
"I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids"
Not true at all, we gotta hook up...
Had a couple absinthe shots, the smuggled in kind.
what rivalry? and its goodbye to atm...for good! 2-0 on the day on game winning kicks what a great
Congrats to for his new gig at #Transalta. Another successful escape from journalism.
It's my birthday! I'm 25!
thank you for coming!!
Wish I could be there! Break a leg!
I'm coming with you next time u go away
My boyfriend >> yours.
Watching jamie fox in jimmy kimmel,i didnt know he was that funny ..
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets
Try my patience prayer: Lord, give me patience,....and I want it right now! ;)
Let us know if you hear anything you like
I was wondering the same thing last week. #voiceof90'sbball
Got my car money today,,, now to find a car -_-
Nice! Free receptionist!
it is rather nice.
The actors are going over their lines, and the DP and Key Grip are setting up the rain rig - 'cause we make it rain. #TooCheesy?
You never realize how much you use a body part until it starts hurting.
The what, now?! lol..
We change your oil rain or shine. We come to your office or home. Discounts available for groups.
Friday Happy Hour at the GOLD CLUB from 4 to 8 grab 2for1 drinks from the bar and 50cent wings from the kitchen!
thanks birky. Miss my bp partner
that's what they get for wearing those hideous things!!
that's awesome. I love seaside! =] not much, just hanging out!
Evan Sandhaus of NYTimes discusses in details NYTimes's upcoming "See Also" semantic web #lodlam prototype - coming soon
Checking out what this #Banff Film Festival is all about.
Hard to imagine a more depressing template than 8 years of mismanagement, war, and debt, followed by 3 years of misplaced blame.
but since my dad moved out hes been nice to us now
RT : #AmericanU campus more excited about government #shutdown than the NCAA champions. Realities of college full of
Attempting to do this book assignment. I hate my lit teacher. That's why people say her ass smells like hamsters. Bitch. xD
First impression is everything
Ok! I will(: Bye
hehe. I could quote that movie in my sleep, dawg.
anyone awake and working today?!! Hit me im bored as shit!!!
I've been working my ass off, no sleep, not eat.
Let's go, #Astros!
the fault in our stars is a much better title
Thanks Ken! I'm a huge U2 fan as well!
Lovely meeting you last evening...looking forward to possible collab in educating youth and introducing you to !
Oh, yes! So hungry now...
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
your Facebook was deleted cause you posted a "duck face" photo
Top notch work you guys! cc/
Atkins: Moving bill today on multi-family housing. Need to find permanent source for affordable housing
Im so ready for school
Maybe you should consider that I'm trying to help you
goodnight baby, thank you so much for making my dream come true. I love you <3
I wish it was that easy!
": I'm tryna hit up the titty bar" lets do it
correction. Lin says it's periwinkle blue. Do edit your tweet, before Lin makes you edit it.
Yes please you must! that would be so fun!
>: "some organizations have learned to embrace the nerds, and the importance of nerds out there" ;)
One More Hour Till CB Drop Dat
Hey my BFF just earned Top 20 Under 40 for Decatur, IL...and you know, birds of a feather...#40under40 ;-)
“: RT : Two superstars can't beat 12 good players”
I love how my timeline is filled with boobs :')
dominant show. I will warn you though, the last season kinda is a disappointment.
Last Minute #Holiday Shopping!! Now Where's That Gift Wrap...
You're a teenager if you're in love with someone who doest even know your name
Sellcomms (Sellcomms) thanks for the follow.
The Nuggets go up against the Dallas Mavericks at home tonight at 10:30 p.m.! Go, Nuggets!
Android Device Returns Cost Operators $2 Billion Per Year
Pinkberry WONT do the trick . . skinny bitch (:
call rich n tell him too I'm not up there
MUAH!! Loved meeting Angel and seeing you!! So excited that you're back in NYC!
Germantown treating Madison Memorial like a red-headed stepchild. I'm loving it.
I does :D hahh
RT : "We Talkin' Bout Practice"Bet your team doesn't show radnom Wednesday practices on ESPN
yeah man theyre wicked!
Did you catch the Country Music Awards last night? Who was your favorite winner?
pi day gifts
Mike Brown <<<
#whynow?? Why not?!
What a beautiful day in Boston, 51 and sunny... can't wait to see what the spring will be like!!
What the hell is Jennifer's body and why am I watching?! 😳
Both of them will be home real soon tho! <3 :)
I should be sleeping right now.
Best mistake I've found in my first chapter: Instead of "Maintaining social order," "Marinating social order." Good thing I caught it.
Thanks for sharing Trenni! If a newbie runner (me) decided to do this, what do you recommend for training, etc?
Your Chicago Cubs. Finding ways to lose since 1908.
Thanks for everything :)
Up early working on this new design for this athletic camp.
Good Luck today honey!
Sound check.
see you tonight????
it never ceases to amaze me how many musicians i cohabit with in L.A., and how few of them are even remotely interesting.
He won't walk over anyone's feelings, won't push you into a corner. - matthew
are puns about blackberrys and kettles/pots you idea of "taste of originality"? If so, it tastes bad.
Attention WORLD – rocked it as TONY. as MARIA! Fierce. Thank you for coming to !
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to tell our story in 90 seconds
just had the best tacos al pastor washed down by ice cold horchata.
and you aren't ghetto.
No laughing in the glasses!!!
i still hate the Cardinals...with all due respect - lineup is really impressive. hating them is my way of respecting.
strictly speaking prayer is an ultimate form of worship if done genuinely I believe
NEED to listen to NEW music. I love being at with everything but sometimes I miss all the new stuff. Any suggestions?
Done for the night! We start tracking tomorrow!!
Yes!! Braveheart is on!!
whoops I meant you're awesome not your.
telling u. I eat it twice a day, haven't been sick n five yrs
dude totally ... I try for a new one everyday lol ...
I don't want to be bored to tears on my cross country flight next month! I need Wi-Fi.
Trapped indeed. Believe it or not we're working on it -- we have a vendor chosen and are testing the security of the system.
sure, I followed him :)
we even added some more modern songs, you know, ones that were written after 1972
I just don't want you leaving, even though I give you reason.
Cold play
When you laugh a little too loud in a quiet place.
Molly: 333 professors have signed our petition, so some are being driven out by the climate here. We're immensely wealthy.
no snappy response to that one, eh?
Helped manage a nonprofit event yesterday. More tired than I've ever been the day after my own events!
What is art? Prostitution. ~ Charles Baudelaire
I am rewriting radio.You could hear anything at any time in any order. No potty talk. CyberStationUSA.com Mp3archives.
People thats press to be peoples friend <<<<<.
Wise people understand that courage is an exhibition of intelligence, esp. when displayed in pursuit of a noble cause!
Definitely going to have to use at least one of those if I can. I think "disembark the page" is my favorite.
Bud light on my right hand 420 in my left!!!....chillin
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys
Literally in tears. Hollie. I love you baby.
I came empty handed, I ain't leaving the same.
today kicked my ass
my old phone died, had to buy an iphone, damn
RT : I just saw my hotel bill. So glad my library is paying for this shit. True that!
its because you aren't interesting enough
Got questions about #tefl, #esl, #tesol? Join us for a tweetchat at 4 MST! Just use #bridgeteflchat to follow and join the conversation!
waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for to have a shirtless picture!! Follow back? No.. Damn :'(
I want to make people smile:)
Justin Bieber, Carly Ray Jepsen, Jersey Shore, Ryan Seacrest are also here!
The chupacabra has been spotted at union station, we're open and ready to suck your goats.... I mean serve you tacos.. See you soon
Best feeling ever = LOVE
ah I see.
Strange, it seems like a character mutation
we shot down under 471 by newport high school
oh someone poked me. this means war.
I wish today I could get a happy birthday from :]
Your emotions are leaking.
I have seen that... not clear enough to see what it says. someday maybe. even if I could just manage to ask him.
That should be it, but it's not turned on yet. I'll see what I can do today to get it working.
Looking for a femme fatale, little person PI, and a villain for our series. Not typical hollywood types. Eccentrics who have really lived.
Wonder if the Amish buy their kids Christmas Presents from the Cracker Barrel Toy Shop.
Break time on a Friday!!
total A-hole.
PeoplesSummit rocks U have 2 be here.
yes, I will, it would be great to see you, are on the jazz fest?
#facepalm, THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO WILL DETERMINE OUR FUTURE!
tone loc, jolly ranchers...not the candy but the little cowboys. Cake & Ice cream...SPRINKLES lots of SPRINKLES.
Thanks for the retweet, Valerie!
It's beautiful <3
haha i knew what it meant but i dont use things like that
Please welcome kylifegoeson to the Max life
As hard as it may be to start fresh, keep in mind that with every ending comes a beginning.
Ya know Bradshaw only fumbled because of his broken foot.
very excited because I am now on Twitter. Please follow me and I will follow you too! :-)
going to take a leap in the brackets tomorrow?
I was screaming that when I read it for some reason.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 2
hey can you PLEASE follow me? k thx! lol plz
I would love to, yea, email me bout the plans
No one said it would be easy
It strikes me that we take some things in #HigherEd mostly on faith (eg performance funding) but not others (eg the importance of diversity)
I hate you a little.
Justin is out flawless idol. lol
someone ate way too much chocolate shake...
Just watched a neat movie: Lunopolis. Conspiracy theories, found footage, and maybe time travel. Really enjoyed it.
My bo ;) Goodnight loves. Its a dolo nite
I'm so mad all world playing online and we have shit hole sites like a Cake
are you going to their concert this summer?
I have the lakers get the sorry ass mavs in the first round
OK, let's get back down to business. I lose another awesome team member today to a nice promotion. This calls for Sokowlowski's.
Sweet thanks, I'll check it out!
#NCCAF is always over my birthday (17th), and it's always the best present a boy could want. Thanks for an incredible festival!
I always ask myself this question, why are the people who always help others always in the most pain.
I love you so much and im dying to go to one of your shows! Please tweet me!!!! :)
For coaching tips, contact the NV Oral History program. RT : Nevada to play Oral Roberts in the first round of the NIT tournament.
We are here!
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know! I'll fix it right now.
I'm diggin' my new tumblr page :)
my blessings go out to u on the book!
I'm tryin to go to sleep but I can't
haven't been there yet, but we're hoping to make it there this year!
« You know why it's hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.»
Follow Shes With
Cashier gay af at this store..this nigga got pink snowflakes on his hat
thank u so much i found a perfect one!!!! i love @ slickwynn94 and especially taken cutler down...lol
RIP Mr. Edwards. My best friend's grandpa just died. Please pray for her family. :(
Please RT: Board positions available for this year's show. for more information.
Damian, Hudson Taylor (😉😍❤) I dont think you'll like them though, The Script and Ryan 😍
iPod app allows publishers to automatically render content in digital magazine-style layout when content shared socially.
It smells so fucking bad in this school
DM me your email, and I'll get the questions to you tomorrow.
my mom thinks Piero looks like harry potter, Ignazio looks like ricky martin and Gianluca looks like rico suave...wtffff...they do not...
Rest in Peace Sherwood Schwartz
Symmetrical 20 meg here, 50 meg there. Vegas businesses are starting to get it. Move away from that user dependent network. Get Airband.
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT EVERYONE :-)
If you go, please blog it! Makes me wish I lived on the east coast again.
I can't wait to see sack peyton manning!!!!!
TY 4 #FF - today and last Friday - I trust you and your family r doing well!
at #IMEX , Las Vegas. Meeting great industry leaders today and tomorrow. Impressive conference.
'HOMEOWNER BILL OF RIGHTS' MOVING ALONG IN SACRAMENTO - U-T San Diego
whats up wit everyone gettin a twitter now ive had mine forever
check out our new FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/ateapot
Who can cut hair like a pro,? Cut mine, down? :))
Yep!! Try living here!! Sucks!!
alright. 4 job applications to do today. GO!
right track?
Well nothing feels real anymore I'm not taking my time anymore To show you how i feel To show you who i am Cause it's locked away...
yes you do you are a brave forever!
Great piece on by in the new !
doesn't mean anything unless u cut the nets down were cutting them down for#8 this year
Retweet if you want to #Bring1DToSeattle!!!
happy birthday ! & remember to take notice the fire exits INCASE of a emergency hehee ;0]
Confused #ProjectRunway - wondering why in last night's challenge they started in Central Park, but ended up finding people in Union Square
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you....
The Sultan Of Swat!
I got two more years in this school until I graduate! Bahhh. I just want to live on the moon!
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light. Dorothy Thompson
Denny would want to join in too :-)
Laying out in the sun, tanning what a beautiful day <3
Glad to have Abdullah, a man from Jordan, stay with us for a bit. He's a fellow student in my graduate program.
I think the officials have been great so far.
Hey Singing Bee fans: I'm doing a live Q&A on the Bee's Facebook page tomorrow at 3pm central. Come join and ask me anything!
lol nice! tell me if you can air guitar to this --> www.facebook.com/spencetheband :)
roll over to what???
Interesting read. I was just thinking on this topic and how nice it is to buy *short* tech books with no fluff.
One of my favs!
you still have MySpace? Your just cool of it! In class tweeting you! :) follow please
84?! Lmao i don't even think they had a 3 point line then : just be ready Sunday!!
happily installing adobe cs4; looking forward to the new features
Its My Birthday<3 Im Turning 14 today shout to abby from missouri on ustream please<3<3
OMG. I just laughed so loud on the subway..everyone looked at me like I was crazy. That was hilarious!
Thanks, Misty!
I am not willing to pay a single cent, so ...
there's no way O knows.
Is the ZICO from the OC Fair?
it's called shanaban
Third Annual Week of Bacon at Restaurant 3
Wow - that looks amazing. Have a great rest of the day!
Crispy Whitefish Sandwich, pickled green bean slaw, spicy aioli, mustard vinaigrette, soft bun for brunch at Perennial Virant.
I'm such a lazy girl today. Geez. X
She Acting Odd This Morning
Agreed! It's why having a daily success routine - a morning and evening ritual - is so important!
So bored.
Congratulations to the Museum’s Education Coordinator, Maurita N. Poole, who graduates today with a Ph.D. in Anthropology from Emory...
The story is called Things Happen 4 A Reason if u want moreinfo plz tweet me n audition n yes mb are in it
The Lonely Island Go For Greatness On Turtleneck And Chain
u wrk today?
*~Did u see yo son and that pic if u didnt may god cool u down~*
Omg...milz at twilight
yay! We r on the metro
that's a lotta miles. Here in DC?
you win.
thanks for creating this page
Amazing artist created a rad design that all of us are stoked to share with you! Arriving soon from Gulu!
: WORD. Bye nasty Bruce. Aston is so much hotter anyway - and a suspected Republican to boot. Bye
was off of school for a week. i am dreading going back.
lol the only time I don't text you back is if you talking bout LEBRON 😜
Parents and caregivers with kids - Mother Goose Story Time Library Program at Barrett Branch in Old Town. 10:15 a.m. Tues.
Neither. We always called them potato bugs.
If i lick your vagina, you swallow my cum, you got all sort of juices down there,
that's what i thought it might have been.
I say fuck you less Im wit ya If I take you out of the picture I know real niggas gon miss ya No lie no lie -Drake
You, too, Dennys!
Rondo is the king of passing up layups
Homer Bailey has a bad game, and Twitter blows up. Johnny Cueto has a bad game, and Twitter is silent. What gives, fellow #Reds fans?
Clearpath is hosting a technical session on the VCE (VMware, Cisco and EMC) coalition Thursday the 15th in DC. Email me for details
Cool :) I'm sure you'll breeze through those classes.
thanks bro
The nurse said that with everyone being stuck at home, due to snow, she expects the delivery room to be very busy in 9-1/2 months.
Another day another video put on the first page of google.anyone know a biz owner with an earth friendly biz that want free marketing help
thanks girl! I packed too many shoes : )
I'm strong on the surface not all the way through. I've never been perfect but neither have you.
weirdo! x)
Bud Select and silence are nice things.
alas the dog does not talk in The Dogfather.
Dawn. You are are dumb. HE HAS A KID! Things will change.
Optis are Available for Sailing School « Port Madison Yacht Club
If you're serious about it, send us an email: We should do it after the next album drops.
Yes, this will be my first time legitimately in Chicago!
Thinks needs to do a live version of Mean Planes and Taylor Gangs mixup by Brenton Duvall
#Flizzor Im going to #NewYork who's with me
Welcome back to Twitter, my friend.
It's a good life on a boat!
This line at Men's Warehouse is outrageous
the one from overseas? Tell em to hit me up on here
will be in Bristol next week will try and keep you updated!!
#twins game now officially postponed to June 30th. Tickets will be honored.
I think every tweet should end with the tweeter saying, "You're welcome!" Let's get this going guys! You're welcome!
"Get a job? What for?"
wats up then
: Thanks Niel for the awesome support! :)
what's going on in Vegas?
KT tape = lifesaver 🏃
How so?
M Asian Beef Vegetable soup today! So good!
Hi Congratulations on your Indie Intertube Award! Well done :)
I can,t really change the "world"...but I can try to make GOOD music!...ya know?
True: Delivering Happiness books are up for grabs.
give me shout out :3<3
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
Sloppy joes for lunch
i just want #taylorallderdice to drop so my focus can be off of fab...
That's really lovely, and seems like good advice for life.
"Time is only right when YOU make it right. If you just sit and wait, the right time will never come"
cool. What are you doing job wise now?
No real surprise, Raiders' McClain active for Dolphins game
I have to clean this french press once in a while.
Work at 5 .
But..it's amazing. I love living here. We experience so many different cultures every day. I just hope Other "new Yorkers" appreciate it too
Portofino Key Club & Resort: Northern Italian trattoria overlooks the Moorings' yachts. Handmade pasta, sensational seafood & vino
NO LONGER WATCHING
should've called it Modern Swag, cuz I'm sure there is plenty going on in the EP!
Really enjoying California
Today, better go friggin fast
have an amazing work day sexy ❌❤❌❤❌❤
hahaha I just saw the commercial and thought of you(:
Use #ThankaTeacher for National Teacher Appreciation Day! Such a rocking hashtag. How about a shoutout to your parents?
I want tickets, I NEED tickets!.
Fools will be slayed...and that's a fact
Best wishes in retirement to - the Great Center in the #NBA, One of the best of All-time! And my favorite player Since
ICTs and girls: in Nepal a radio show "Chatting with my best friend." Text message to address access issues. Combined Technologies
follow me back to :) i just followed u! u sing or what?
Where the hell did this false count come from?Is that what got us to 15-1?
and they won't remember. Waste of money and sanity. My rule is, if you're too small to carry your own stuff, you don't go.
need to get some shows/tour happening. def interested to come. can we open for you?? let's make a plan!
ok I digg dat they do stank I smokem & I hav 2 let the window down 2 breathe
Parks and Rec is literally the best show ever
of course it was Fag Mayweather gotem right back and it was over as planned! Ortiz got two checks! One for fight and one from flyd
<<< She is good for that!
chyea it always satisfies
watching x factor
Anybody following "Lost"
Supermoon was super beautiful tonight.
The fact they're doing the WWE Championship Chamber first all but guarantees a surprise in the World Heavyweight Championship Chamber
How when they get done with phase 2 of Bush policies there won't be any good paying jobs.#righttowork only.
yeah i might not either
He clearly can't stand ... So I guess im going to bed angry / sad .
Enjoying a little SG-1 before bed. Back to the grind tomorrow!
Something I learned from Google today: "KMGH" can also stand for the Kapiolani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital in Hawaii.
I stood up in class and screamed,"AIRPLANE MODE!" then through my phone across the room and it crashed..
Ed Farmer is fond of giving cross streets for his childhood events
we are going about 3pm
Find someone who will change your life, not your Facebook status. New Facebook status, you welcome
fuck, I forgot my headphones -.-
hmm. scale must be broken.
April 1st Disappearance of Butterfinger® Bars Linked to 2012 Prophecy, Fans Urged to Save the World via Online Game ...
thanks again, this latest issue is great and is proud to be included!
thanks 4 the follow.
Where are you moving?!
it's not even 7th yet lol. Tell her i said hello
um yeah...thanks for the reminder :)
Was asked tonight if my work is a real job or if I'm "just gathering experience." I'm not in jail so I must have reacted well.
I'm almost done w Catching Fire!
how are you doin that while layin down? Lol.
Satter made the point that black migrants traded the debt peonage of sharecroppig for the dept peonage of segregated housing in urban north
I'm no Chris Daughtry ;) that guy's in a league of his own! :P<3<3<3<3<3
Follow my boo
Live with m-o of mainstream music that we have. stop by to hear some very random stuff.
wats the obsession with justin bieber im srry for this but i dont get it !!!!!
Jordan says "other actions may be forthcoming by the district"
#MyResolution is boring so here's a (nonviable at the moment) one: Finally move to San Fran.
Good luck Danya!
We're honored to be one of your fave places, thanks for stopping in! Did you try any of our new flavors?
Finally, I have a hot gynecologist! They really do exist!
and PLEASE feel free to follow my personal twitter account, i update there a lot more and maybe i can actually talk to you guys . (:
road trip!
I was just chatting with chair of oversight committee about this issue Tuesday.
SO CLOSE TO 1000!!!!
I am a humanities salesman.
And just for fun one last time , #newnordstrom green
I do replace them with proteins. Until I run out of proteins and don't go to the store and get Culver's and relapse.
drinks are yummy so far so I'm happy ;)
Ugh I'm so annoyed right now!!
” Cale Yarborough“Advice is what we ask when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t
Rick Pitino has been at Louisville for 11 seasons now? #wherehavethepast10yearsofmylifegone?
it made me throw up today though....30minutes nonstop cardio!!
Hobart, I won't miss you :D
Charles Barkley Aka chuck is so country I always wanted the country boy accent
Wake and bake at 4:30
Saturday morning #GYMTIME. You had yours yet?
So happy to be free of BS and be inspired daily with positive inspiration! #Cantholdmedown!
couples -1. Lee westwood for the lead.
Sitting in the car, and the song twitter lover came on, while im on twitter..
I wish I was at the karmaloop sale and not getting ready for work
Yayyyyy so happy
Might be doing a State Fair over the summer cool!
Hosp/Major Deductible- Common Incident Provision means if everyone is hospitalized for the same incident. There is only 1 Deductble for all
In the Dome...ready for the game to start!!! Go Saints!!!! Who Dat!!!
Great ad placement #thepitch!!!
really?? I don't mind. I actually prefer Bill Hall over some of the no-name young players.
Who wants to go to Residuals? ER just sent me a check for $5.04 and I think it's best spent on a pint!
☼ Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike. J. K. Rowling
Thanks for the follow!
dude I was jus tellin we need to go!
Thats so sweet(: Cherish your time with them!
Boston Bruins!!!!!
enjoying your piece on simplicity! cc/
who's sad
Our 1,000 Tweet! Help support us and get your friends who never had their eye health evaluated to us!
I bet McGee has a break out season next year. Bet a bill on it...
“Be not the first by whom the new are tried, nor yet the last to lay the old aside.” Alexander Pope
#astd2012 got some great tips on what I can do to increase my Brain Fitness! My favorite session so far and I will be using the activities
on my profile in the favorites
Gregg Doyle could at least elaborate on his comment. Sometimes I don't think he deserves his audience. What a comment. He's full of it.
And a Thank You for the re-follow.
“: best roommates ever?! #R&R” Uh, YEAH! Hell!!
I didn't tweet about my shattered right arm? No way. Rocked the art commission for $500 with one arm tied behind my back (so to speak)
gonna get some pho, m
I appreciate your support! but I have bad news: is named Tim Lee (and is a really smart guy to boot)
Flipping between european tour and #game7. Great night for sports! Go #rangers!
It's little comments like those that really makes me worry about my family.
Aaron Hernandez is cute. But SXREW YOU.
Movie tickets cost 15.95!?! Back in my day you could take $20 to the theatre and you and your date would be satisfied. Damn you inflation!
is on with & in about 30 min! Singing & cooking on
I drafted Mike Young this year, so feel free to cast him a pre-season mvp canidate! Haha funny i had u in mind after pick too
How a Simple Change Can Make a Dramatic Difference I was just reading an article in Sunset Magazine that covered a variety of interesting
I think chachi and JB should go out I luv Selena but still
never shout never always makes me think :/
since i've done nothing productive all day, i'm loathe to just sit around. but that seems to be all i'm capable of at the moment.
Totally enjoyed talking with ! Thank you for the book signing!
Was inspired listening to Motor Company's Raj Nair yesterday at the EMMP Program. The future looks bright!
RT : The In-Heat Wheat is just OK. I wanted cloves... there are no cloves.
Wisconsin THANKS YOU Ed! Solidarity!!
Who else is going to be at SXSW next week? Let's link up.
Countdown to Starbucks time: 3 hours
Taking my oldest girl out with me. She's so much fun!
RT : What will you do today to support your local economy? Shop with a local independent business. Make an effort.
My lil cupcake Diana decides to bother me when she's bored 😘
It's a complex issue, but I think one of value of qual is the human component. It seems like a missed opportunity
Don't pull away and lock myself away
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
That angry moment when you can’t find any meat in your soup.
this box can't hold the details we shall discuss! Its funny :-p
have the people who made this movie even been to NYC? cause there isn't a Tudor style house across the street from 30 Rock.
cool bro!
The submissions for the Open City Challenge have arrived at our new storefront! Come vote at the opening event June 17 5-8pm Cc
Why did you miss me? ;)
thank you! Let's hope it can withstand another 10.
Peaceful Journey.... RIP Heavy D
just life & music fam. whats good w/ you bro?
u alive? Haven't heard from you.
but you're really not ugly. You ARE BEAUTIFUL! :)
Laying in bed .
Ready to rock the red !
Rehearsal this Friday, then V-day weekend!
Bad Brains
A little Maker's and a nice Romeo y Julieta vintage corona...must be Friday night.
you don't follow yourself.....
Do you want Italian for dinner?
my nose is full of boogers
my agent it's having me wait on workshops, but actors connection and one on one are the two biggies...
yeah I want it if you still have it. I could come get it. Where at?
Bro I Cant Wait To See The Boyz On Abdc Again! I Know For Sure Im Gonna Cry Lol
Im looking at rich people eating alot of rich food, seriously ?
94% of women will preface their parallel parking with, "I suck at parallel parking."
whatt??!! They hate because they can't dance as great as you :D . .!! Love you Jaja<3 and come back to the US :):)
I will make the wealth of my son's life & future the motivation in my daily life. Within their future ,lies my purpose.
just saw your tweet -- hooking up your computer is no problem.
NE is not looking good
Breaking news: Tito Rojas and La India to perform live on July 8th at Milwaukee's lakefront Summerfest 2012 in Wisconsin.
I would imagine. If not then best buy. (:
HOW THE FUCK U A LVL:60 AND THE GAME JUST CAME OUT YESTERDAY???
So I'm only awesome just for this? pshh lol xD and, I'm positive we can.
hahaha. I hope you feel better :) im sick too. I cant stop coughing :/ well i hope you had a wonderful New Year! :)
Thats my brother tho ; Crazy Tail(:
post the most ridiculous tweets
I love a girl that has pretty panties and greasy lips..
#NP dj khaled ft chris brown rick ross nicki minaj && lil wayne- take it to the head!
Football combines two of the worst things in American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.- George Will
thank you!
Good morning Milwaukee! Warm day today, and for Wake Up Wedding Week- bridesmaids dresses and affordable honeymoon ideas!
Hometown show tonight I will def be at Rivertown prior.
at the dr office getting my last treatment WOOHOO!!!!!
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i really hope you see this, i love you
I still haven't seen everything. And I drive so slow. I should just get out and walk sometime.
is packing for South Beach, drinking Shiraz, and listening to Xtina Aguileras Xmas record :-)
Who's excited for draft night?! What do you think the top 10 of the 1st round will look like?
Tomorrow I just want to drink coffee, listen to music and read.
to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at Wentz Hall, Sat 4/21 at 8pm! Must see!
she's a little bit of heaven with a wild side <3
Watching movies in math 👍👍
Congratulations St. Louis Cardinals.#worldseries. Championship #11 in '11!
An idea worth shouting! walking over tiles in the built environment that capture energy.
Couldn't be prouder of and - thanks for the ride gents.
I won't be able to watch them for 2 wks. #youdontknowPAIN</3
Nd we gonn party, like there ain't no tomorrow
Great. So numb after the dentist... can't even call my dogs back home. They just keep looking at me like I'm a retard.
well I hope he told you all about it... and that you're going to share it at the next
I'm a producer from Houston, what type of music you into? I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made
Kicking ass at pool with
haha thank ya
#americasgottalent is ON!!!
hey! (: met u guys yesturday! i followed <3 please follow back ? :)
please dont give me up for lent :(
RT : #MusicMonday "I Need Thee" by & #TheEncounter Needing God to get through this work day.
woman warrior
Ok, have to stop trying to do everything in this one paper and just do what I can. Done is good. Save improvements for the book.
or perhaps he's been offered a spot as a Fox News talking head.
yep yep your very hot :)
No ones replying to my text messages./: Great. I'm lonely . :(
I am now in pre-production for the video series, storyboarding the first season.
Wow aim <.< Whats aim? lmao Aim is getting lame -__-
interesting....RT : ty to #GoldmanSachs inviting 600 peeps to talk on meditation in investment bank-who'd of thought?
What is #Elul? Elul is the Hebrew month before the Jewish New Year. Its the signal to get our resolutions ready and our life back on track.
I forgot how beautiful my drive home is. Or even how much faster others drive when it's daylight. CHEERS, to sunset commutes& longer days.
SHRIMP TACO'S tomorrow on SINGLE CHEF! Easy and Freakin Delish!! LIVE @ Monday 6pm Pacific 9 Est. link is www.theroomlive.com C ya then!!
Great Album guys,much respect!
me and my best friend sent in a letter to Ellen talking about all the amazing things about you :) Btw 11:11:)
These are literally my exact words. RT : "may the 4th be with you" *blockdelete*
I think we just hit Gene Hackman with our van.
hey Adam! Huge fan. Would love for you to check us out. We're a band managed by !
go look them up ,)
Omg ,ok if you gone have your ass out in a pic ,please make sure your underwear is not shity
If this year would just end, I think we'd all be okay.
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF ASK HIM TO PAY YOUR MORTGAGE
ahahahahahaha .... why, yes. I suppose it does. 0.o that's QUITE the title
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
yup its just my little snack before I go to the gym lol it was low fat burger ^.^ “ sum diet”
What happened to the emergency alert test? I'm watching CNN and.... nothing. :(
DO IT BRUH
I haven't been to Toys"R"Us in SO long!
u took me out of ur thing :(
I need a fuckn job ASAP
Been writing anything of late? i confess to not checking your blog.
you never on when im on
I didn't see anything in the press release that detailed funding source. Did you?
Cal won't be after their loss and our win. Go Aztecs! I...I believe...
not shaving so you keep it in your pants...or rather out of your pants
maybe if u kept ur white phone you'd attract ur perfect Asian man. Think about it.
Why am I up so early on Saturday morning?
no thank you ... Let's take more ..
not for anthony...for cool math games... rt ": julie is hurrying. i repeat, julie is hurrying !"
There are
I love the rain, I really do 😊❤☔
“: I miss the #orioles.” Me too! Evening routine askew.
so fake
now imagine if we were sponsored by Monster, the beverage?
Cheap O's! Wire folks ain't excluded.
dam back that up hallendale
my balls & my word, buddy :)
Yes PA3 is definitely on my list of "movies to see" :)
I'm a manager of tech services, IT, doc delivery, and digital projects at an independent research library
So that's my #tourDECure folks. Look like met my goal 6h 30min in saddle!
who's he?
Good morning all you #twitterbugs so happy that Friday is finally upon us! Nothing exciting to do, just sleep and no HOMEWORK!!! Yay
youre too nice:)
If Chuck Norris has 5 dollars and you have 5 dollars... Chuck Norris now has 10 dollars...
gonna be a god day, I can already feel it
Lay back while I illuminate the Darkness 🌟
i hear that!
6 hours or so left ... Waiting for rapture ... Should be brushing up on heavenese!
I could maybe see a third return to Minny in the cards? If he didn't completely burn that bridge last time..
Well, night will be over in about 50 mins. Then will you tweet again? :-)) If not, have a good night, Nile!
Bout to get my Tan on!! :)
less then 30 minutes! good job!
I'm so clean, why wouldn't I be?
haha why dont you come over and watch them with me
yeah but it's a really cheap magazine that only the most naive catholic priests ever bought before they knew better
Need a director? Jenna Tulls should be cast opposite Arm Pitt. Donchathink?
#WHChat A caution re/ #LRA attacks: please work for peace, not retribution. Peace takes resolve.
I will. Girls is a great show, but I will never forgive HBO for canceling How to Make it in America.
Just finished watching "War Horse" Really good movie!!!
NO BEANS PLEASE.!!!
I love how much these anchors get it! #UndercoverDirectionersAtTodayandSunrise :D Xx
lol. Doubt you will
Your novel is now added to the TBR pile; sorry I haven't gotten to it sooner.
People in school are like why are you so quiet, and I’m just like, “Lol, I hate everyone.”
3 hours at Whitman Birthplace! So much thesis stuff!!
Back and forth between O's and Idol!
Just dogs. Hate to discriminate but cats would be difficult to wrangle for an outdoor show. :-}
follow her as it heer 13th birthday 2day andthat would be the best bday present for her pretty please
Align & Yoga Flow Series: This #yoga series builds on the foundational basics of the #asana practice.
not really - usually 1-9 but i maybe able to take an hour dinner on another friday
It is raining cats and dogs out here in #santaclarita!
Gonna Go To The Mall Tmr Then Go To The Mall Again on Tuesday With My Bestie Saryeah & Spend The Night!!! :D
I know!! When I first saw her I thought it was Olly for a second!!
Only days left to win $250 credit. To enter, tweet the scariest place you've been and include
What's the fuss all about? The only stretch of the NE Extension where my Internet doesn't work is Washington DC to New York City.
we did thank u:)
Watched hungry girl on cooking chnl.thought I was in for food porn, but just got the cinemax soft core. No bueno.
fina pop any minute and ima b a daddy :-)
minus 36 cents for me, 93 FTL *cops bike*
imdb stalking, I assume?
Oh it's fine! I'll keep a searchin'.
If Brauns bat was found to be corked on that last broken bat.. Would that be the dagger??
Pretty hair color!
Thx - hanging-in there. Fly back to Hong Kong soon. Alas - business travel...
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
RT : Beat day ever in the #UK! Got to see a #Arsenal #Futbol match! #HatTrick by and meet
Why the fuck would you buy the one direction album multiple times. Like, I'd understand buying it on itunes, and then getting it in CD form
is shining a light on children who are #homeless & #agingout of #fostercare. Lets bring #ProjectMeetMeHalfway to #RhodeIsland!
Of course it's Farm Day!!!!
Historian David Noble- the American patent system was created to protect the rights of individuals but corp. research labs benefit most.~D
Thomas Bruzzesi, top real estate investor for over 10 years will show America how $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan.
A case of Island Wheat and a couple of text books
#MustFollow , the FIRST LADY of #ALLREADYFAMOUZ !!!!
Itching for that paper 💰
"I bet my Mom could design me a really cool album cover. It would be like, like a fuckin, like a Holiday Inn Hallway painting."
I keep attempting to kick my To-do lists ass but it keeps hitting back.
"forgot" - sure. She wanted some alone time. ;-)
Sure, let us know when works for you. We're in town this week and next.
Perfect day to be open for #UT spring semester. Come by for some Cuban coffee! RT January 18 is National Gourmet Coffee Day
Q3 Using Google docs to create a collaborative grade level poetry book.
Jigging and square dancing workshop
need a follow to DM
He then said "do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?" to that I responded "the hard way"
Come on Bank of America, you're interfering with my chick-fil-a breakfast.
Counting down the days till I see & !
how are you?:D
Birthday Cupcakes Homemade birthday cakes and cupcakes are rare these days, which means that if you do go to the trouble of making them y
Maintaining a Christ-like mindset is difficult during finals, can't let exhaustion cloud the cross.. Gotta keep going. To God be the Glory.
what about Indonesia? :'(
i been good just finishing up my school, are u gone be out here this weekend im a try and finish that video on saturday
Having to write about Michael #Fassbender and sex--not to mention talking to him about it--is just plain cruel.
"Peace begins with a smile." -Mother Teresa
I'm going to just go ahead and add this night to my "best nights in California" list.
Aye bro we gotta meet up to make these moves, I move out soon.
Is this by Pittsburgh?
happy va-#LIN-tines day indeed!!!
u want a small one (like lisa) or a big one like mine?
There's nothing like trying to go to sleep early then waking up @ 1:45am.
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
Perfect! Might get one of those myself, LOL!
it's so hot out wish it would all of this heat would disappear!
love break!!! dancin to work
You're gonna have your first period soon.
The Nationals' good pitching and the Reds' mediocre hitting are not a good match. Can we get the Pirates back?
gene wilder is turning 80 next year. my mind has been blown.
Watching teen mom i am so proud of these young girls !!!!
Mark Blumenthal has just returned from a business trip to Chile.
um no she didn't and about what?
I want to be the best skateboarder from this city ever .
thank you! have a great weekend.
Awww man, I forgot to send you all those juicing recipes yesterday.
RT : Someone who RTs this wins "Walk & Talk: West Wing Reunion" script signed by #MartinSheen & whole cast!
RT if ur excited for ocean city!! i am!!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? DM me?
Note to self: Next time bring an umbrella and comfortable shoes when spending the day in downtown Chicago :-/
Ice cream with the family :)
EXCELLENT rollergirl team name! Had a team from DC play ca. year ago; can't recall team name but outfits like Wonder Woman.
It's #Follow Friday time! Gotta give props to for organizing the cookoff this weekend at Coffee Groundz!
Excited to attend today's sessions in European, US and World History at the AP Conference in SF. Good line ups!
I wonder if anybody on SEAL team six was ever a so-called 'bully'? That word means nothing, kind like 'racist'
Some dick actually just asked if I was an accident. I almost fucking slapped him.
Don't live that negative way, make way for the positive day.
Watching food shows at 1 am is not the best thing.
So no zombies and they are still on the farm. Okay I am done with this show. So much promise. What a disappointment.
follow #riseofindies -- valuable insights this evening to be sure!
LOL is "laugh out loud". Text shorthand. Please order my book and help bring attention to this problem. 600,000 women also!
nice in Chicago today, so perhaps it's headed your way, Courtney.
The power is out at 57th Street Books. We apologize for any inconvenience & will be open at 10am tomorrow.
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
My brother is fat and runs out of breath so easy. It's so funny
- Then A Bird Hit The Window & Scared The S* Outta Me . . i Took That As A Sign .
Oh how Gloria loves thee.
I gotta keep it moving and NEVER look back the pass needs to stay in the PASS.
See you there! MT : 14 days to Destination ImagiNation Global Finals! Excited to celebrate creative brain...
without a doubt!
Omfg I just watched the movie dear john n I lived it... really good movie
For real. I prefer Dave Ramsey's view: *we* are the economy.
np. can try again later if you have access to a cam.
Finally- I can put words to my deep man feelings. Thanks
I got MB on blast
Going to bed early with a good book.
These finals are gonna be the death of my grades!!!!!
go online, i miss ur adorable tweets! hehe, hope u have a lovely day! love u so much! xoxo♥
Dumping for use with scheduled tweets on looking something more reliable.
Do you have any shipping in philippines? How could I buy the Valerian
Sold! Don't give into the 3 hour rule. It's a fine balance. As long as it comes with sugar & flour...all is right in the world!
Love it! RT : introverts in a completely extroverted society through social networking. Crazy, huh?
DO IT!
A remarkable day at Lost Apple blog! My most hits ever! I can't thank you all enough!
If only the souls of my shoes could speak, the story will be of rough roads through beautiful bridges.
Thanks for following, Lee!
hey girl!! :D hows AZ treatin' ya...& when are you coming to LA!?
To a project chick, I'm da best it go get!
same here! nothing much!
only U would think to post this!
I have my full make up done and its only 4...
There's a lot of talent around the league this year, it's hard to say how things will play out.
I'm not a stranger! Doesn't count ;)
Wow, Check out the blog: Why the F*** do you have Kids?
I'm fine with Doug.
Sometimes I wish I was a character in family guy. Like really a cartoon.
Lazy Sunday. Well, Lazy Sunday morning, anyway. Gotta get work done!
wow brittani you look really tall.
I've got two things in mind for Cult Spark. Was just thinking about how I really need to write at least 1 this week.
This show's gonna go LATE. RT : me too.
Making things difficult - Herald Scotland
RT : I'm djing at the show at the Sunset Tavern tomorrow night. I'll play at least 3 songs off The Wood soundtrack
Got a B in French I. 👌
Happy mothers day to all the moms you guys are very special and I hope this day is special for you cause you deserve all o it
Thanks for winning the award for driving the farthest to the IIA Kickoff event tonight!
this weather is perfect 👌
twitter for customer service rocks
I always feel smarter after reading Spin Sucks cc
"Chika Chika in the Galleria at Sunset is So SUPER CUTE!!!"
Sunday Fun Day at #Paradise Valley Mall! 20-25% off all jewelry merchandise! Hurry visit us today!
Try going European at #WineRiot NYC:
RT : No idea 's SM strategy was so robust. Thx & for visiting #mcom333 - too
Pitting pomegranate seeds under a pool of water in a large salad bowl makes the seeds fall super easy, no splattering red stains either :)
Don't look at me I'm right up there with y'all.
You don't silence ignorance by ridiculing it, but by doing good, educating by example
So what if I follow most of my followers? They are my fans right? My teammates don't have as many fans as me. They are just jealous.
Ya! was pacing outside from 630am for the gates to poen. SO glad I went too!
first of all...thank u Lord for waking me up....
#ACMawards Loved performance and dress and shows I just love her
Most fears are self-created. If you create it, you can overcome it.
Winter Pledge Drive ! Please contribute & support another 30 years of John Schaefer spinnin' new & unusual music:...
What do you think about Technorati ? Do you use it? Does it work?
he really lose it doe .. smh
lol that is a good idea
bird for dinner!
Life is a lot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.. or you're taking shit from some asshole.
appears that way.... he asking for one giant splinter!
I'm so over
Whoa! Yea that real soon! Congrats
ikr? all their articles are followed by K diatribe from their readers. you are what you attract.
I'm so tired my eyes are seeing doubles like I'm drunk
Also it's ronnie jackson's birthday. So, double incentive.
I got kicked out of the bedroom for farting and shitting in the house. Kinda in trouble.
This guy makes me wanna cry. Is it his hair? Or his obnoxious question?
The difficulties we experience as we attempt to be like someone else, are the growing pains of discovering our own uniqueness.
HOW CAN I SHOW YOU THEM ?? THERES 9 I NEED TO SHOW YOU!xx
what Do You Think Of Tebow In A Jets Jersey? Even Though Im A Bronco Fan I Wish Them The Best. :D
I'll have to squeeze it in b/w work, HS frisbee coaching, a celebration w/drinks and the Youth Poetry Grand Slam tonight.
Do you have a fave truck or food item? I need to start checking some of these trucks out...
Goodmorning getting ready for school:)
me and lexi are way too drunk to look at furniture for our apartment
FOLLOW ME, BABY<3
change is good in your life
Does anyone know what Abraham Lincoln's voice sounds like
I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying.
ook!! So I absolutely love the interview you did with the guys and I was like lol-ing
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other?
2 hours of f'en sleep...omg
I miss my mom, the most selfless person I know & an excellent role model for me. Although still with us, too far away to hug.
your mind is always in the gutter!
just recomposed myself after that loss. my mind went to a dark place for two hours. shitty playoff scruff, slicked hair and dress shoes on.
the top chefs showing how its done and winning their coats! congrats and !
Drinking 2009 Kobler Family Vineyard Syrah.Cherry, blackberry, pepper,great acidity and smooth tannins. Delicious & Rhone-like
feels so good to click the publish button.
what's going on tonight, new york city?
(When people complain) #ThoughtsDuringSchool Wow! Your life is so hard. Your parents must hate you so much. But hey nice iPhone 4s.
#Clippers win ! Can't wait till the playoffs!
meh. Funny but hardly accurate.
ok and absolutly no patience
so sad that i missed the Assassin Party! Looks like lots of fun. Are you doing another one?
RT : Several words resonate w/
oh, Joe.. Fresh mountain snow + no deadlines= the good life!
Hi Sean!My company's trying to reach someone in Twitter to discuss promotion options,w/o response.Please help,who's the best to contact?
I Don't Do Facebook relationship. I think U understand Y
YEAH GIRL<3333333333333333333
have fun, girl! Pittsburgh is awesome. I love the Shadyside/Walnut St. district. Great shopping there!
Lunch tomorrow?
That moment when the sun is coming up and you're still out
Gotye's real name is Wally. Now he's just somebody that you used know with a cool name.
#majorstalkmode when he comes.
Today Josefine called Don Cherry a "hockey clown". She wasn't being mean, she loves hockey. It sounds cuter in German, I swear. #GoCanucks?
RuPaul's #DragRace finale!!! Who's gonna win??
Please go follow ((:
QR codes that take customers to full site on mobile device is poor experience. It's just having a QR code for its own sake.
Planning, Planning, Planning! Sometimes its just as much fun as Doing, Doing, Doing!
god bless ohh my haters
What is the purpose of creating a JoVE account if we have an institutional subscription?
Nothin else like this.. imma make you my bitch ;)
You are all not seniors juniors or sophomores until I finish my finals give me till Monday at 9:20 then you can bask in the glory
You're right Joe... It's not good. Can't score a run in 2 games.
I am trying to catch up on a number of requested posts: about insurance for fieldwork gear, about how to share materials, etc.
I'm hearing rumors of a sighting in DC. Hope the haven't made any weekend plans.
You'll see I will have my own Youtube channel soon and will be famous! As pets and people from all over the world share my vids!
lol, and by protecting me you mean you stand behind me, protecting my back side ;3 lmfao.
The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT tonite!
I exist. And if I speak one thought aloud, that thought lives. Even after I'm shoveled into my grave..
Today, was a day from hell. Can't wait for it to be over. Sadly I know tomorrow will suck, also.
LOL... but its a dry heat
It's not you it's...yeah actually it is you
Just got home I think I might go to bed
new yungin need some studio time
Get Barbara Bach's Bond Girl Look: Bond girls have become a female archetype staple in cinematic culture, and Barbara Bach is no exce...
where are you living in Poland? What piece of boltanskis was it?
Going to do ADR for Hardcore Hearts. Yay for final production steps!
I would be fine with that. Non conf season occurs ages ago. Diff team come march.
The addition to the looks fantastic with unique gallery spaces. Get back there if you can!
I appreciate it. I am sure I'll have more questions for you.
OH HI
Putting myself first on the list this Monday: out for a walk along the harbor before work.
seriously, or dad needs to get her one.
sup big bro
Not surprised. And none of these things are actually useful.
Work in 15 :/
You taught me how to feel the butterflies in my stomach. Over and over and over again.
...seriously, you played a good game that day. I just didn't like the result.
Devin Ebanks is not nearly good enough to take his jersey off after getting ejected
"Best Worst Movie" reminds me why I love movies.
(301):Before I left he asked me if I could submit my panties for the frat house undergarment chandelier. I said yes
Hey Jeff, How are you? <3
What kind of tracks do you listen to on beautiful days like today!?
Sense 5 minutes ago i dont know what just died, A:Me B:My Heart C:All of the above <\3 Mood:Sad and Heartbroken D: <\3
- I'm Too Younq For Marriage, Too Old For Games, & Too Smart For Players <3
Gonna miss rainy games at the old stadium. Fans in the good seats would leave. I'd take their spot after the rain delay.
what kind of nickname is Jew haha
Gotta punch out this essay!!! -___-
Thank you!!!
First of all, if their Internet alias is #TALLHOTBLONDE: you should immediately know they're not!
sorry my love I had to study :( let's hang later! Love u
they just built an iHOP behind my work and now everytime i go to work i think of you...
you're welcome! Thanks for following me too.
At least I know people in my classes ^_^
oh shit here comes tom
I got cha
I guess it's a trend among music legends to barely tweet at all, hence why or don't do it often. Not even
keep following jennette mccurdy keep it up
My mouse keeps mysteriously wandering over to the #ChristmasMusic... I keep having to tell myself just a few more weeks!!!!
Too hot for clothes....love living alone!!!!! Love being naked honestly my fave way to b!!!!
We have yet to find a time of day in which pizza doesn’t taste good.
that's how it's happening. ( correct way of writing it)
Im getting prepared to be a Georgia Bulldog!
Traveling to Coachella or just want the inside scoop? We suggest following She'll have all the info you need!
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Because they just let anyone on
You can email us at any time with questions or to show us an awesome theme: themes at automattic dot com.
I wish I knew how close Poughkeepsie was to me during The Rise and Fall Of My Pants Tour.
the numbers are larger than ever. I have some hard facts that would blow you away. Why your interest?
She's my kind of gal!!
boy with Dimples awww {in Front of Me¡ ^.^
I knowww, I miss u. I will be <3 txt me tonight.
“: "If you're name-droppy, you're lame-droppy"” Nice! Can I tell people that Sarah Silverman told me that?
And in the end I feel alone.
thinking about doing another reading marathon...Sarah Ruhl, Anne Tyler, "Julie and Julia" and "Twilight" come to mind. Recommendations?
Life is a quest and love a quarrel. —Edna St. Vincent Millay
and that's makes you what 13?
N i got tha gattz...Gilbert Arenas ba especially
A few hours of alone time
and your my one and only<3
YES YES YES! Thanks, Natalia! -Kyle
Fajitas For Two??...who said I was sharing?
where and what time?
swear I ain't ever seen this many bees in my life😱
Omg. Im so jealous! There is this thing if you stay in choir 4 years then you go to NY. Yeah, so thats what im gonna do (: lol
Captain! Hawks live another game!!
if you're #TeamCorahn the go follow and
I'm trying to come up in Vegas.
Good! I'm glad.
I've been staring at my computer screen for an hour trying to write this stupid essay :/
thank you! great to see you back at the #showboxsodo for #startupriot and hope to see you again soon! :)
thanks and #FF back!
Currents is based out of central florida!
HUGE CONGRATS ...awesome stuff...ur the first MALE ordered groom I know of from the big C!! RT 2 days till my wedding, sweet!
Thanks and I feel so popular!
Dick Stockton is doing an exceptionally terrible job. He is also 79 years old.
I can hardly wait to read Animals Welcome by one of my all time favs Peg Kehret! It's about her animal rescuing. She's my hero!
Yeah you might eat pussy, But do you eat it good tho ? O_o #YeahIDo lol
Job Board Powered by Bullhorn
That performance was fucking flawless, fall included. My, God.
Love new ideas. My book 'The Maya Prophecy'(soon to be published)may give a different twist too!!
I think Spike is getting ready to leave. That's 13 straight playoff losses for those NY Knicks. Wow.
Lol u funny,
what does it take to get a reply from you? /:
if you had the ikeep you would of never of dropped your phone.Btw I'll kill you in temple run
I'm chasing my dream just like you did.
tied my shoes and put it at the edge like a fucking dumbass.. Aha
Where the tragic happens, you have not been properly debriefed, shitshow fuckfest, Dhegdheer, Zhan Huo: FURY US.
Odo: How well are libraries doing in maintaining Carnegie's vision of a community place that provides a platform for upward mobility?
Nene on glee tonights episode , can't wait...
New BOOST Mobile Blackberry on the faster CDMA network! $60 UNLIMITED EVERYTHING. Come check them out today~~ 303.321.3330
Snooooowww!!! #bass drink up
Lookin' at you there, Road Guy. Canseco does not allow quoted retweets. Someone might accidentally make him look unstupid.
Oh I'm hungry.
A new leader must change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless .. someone's got to make a wake up call. ~ Warren Bennis
Grab your pooch and join us for a fun book signing even this Saturday at PETCO, 67St. and 3rd Ave, 12-4pm, "Paranormal Pooch" by Olga Horvat
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." -Leon J. Suenes
..boy, we're feel'en purtty good there, chief!
locked in!
thanks for the shout out.
#Niners, my childhood team!! And you the supermodel xo
follow me back please
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ... I can't hold it in
wow, ok, Maybe that's deserved ;-) ❤
What are you doing New Year's Eve. Portland businesses are celebrating now. See why at 5pm and 6:30pm on KGW NC8.
Found a friend to go with me.
Omg twitter keeps unfollowing people!! Please dont unfollow me if my account unfollows you!! I will follow you right back!! ASAP!!!
(Henry Frederic Amiel) For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will.
Looking at her is obnoxious, but listening is all right. This could prove challenging live.
I dance naked on my room too HAHAHAHAHA
I have to work tonight and saturday........ah, I really don't wanna go, but I always feel that way
PINK <3 Lynette's style :)
are you coming anywhere close to Memphis Kev?? Your too funny man! Alright Alright Alright!
Going to the #wmphoenixopen or a #SuperBowl party! Make sure you have a designated driver and stay safe!
says LivingSocial beats out Groupon's deals- what do you think?
Yeah...it's like they see only the forest and can't make out the individual trees!
i can always pick out your avatar on other social networks too. i'm like "is that adam? yep. green man."
nice icon :)
you skate? Ha
Technically, cocktail hour here is ANY hour, but I have been cutting back lately.
Watchin Spongebob bout to call it a night i guess?.Guddnite Tweet Birds
Mobile ad spending up 314% - holy smokes. Insurance and banking led the way. Maybe banks could make the same commitment in people.
Thanks for a GREAT Season !!! Can't wait till 2012 season GO PACK GO !!!
My megadesk (put screen & keyboard on box to make standing desk) helped keep me focused.
Too much time..#Packers only sent 3
It's SNOWING outside
haha, ur welcome anytime to come hang on the chairs gilly
Good Luck! Hope it goes well.
be happy ur taller than me 
and Mark Fitzpatrick on social media as a 21st c education tool for teaching civic engagement & citizen participation
How much more could a person's life suck.
Eww NEVER in my LIFE would I eat a coffee flavored PEZ!
Skyzone... Hope this is fun
Club Sirius is the place to be tonight downtown SA. No cover all night 21+ welcome 228 lasoya st.
Polyphony H.S. loves you! Thanks for all you do for young writers!
you the same. Thanks.
no question mark?
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Bosh out! Damn. Every team is hurt. Heat are not the exception
Exactly! That's the point AllThingsD made.
finally recovered from 30th bday party. it was hardcore.
whoop whoop xD San Antonio is up all night !
Telular Corp. $WRLS (NASDAQ: WRLS) Introduces the First Line of 3G Cellular Alarm Communicators for the Price of 2G
Those are killer; I get 'em almost every time. It's happy hour, so it's tofufallo wings and corn dogs today!
: Of course you can. Beelzebelle = devil = firepants. Excited to hang with you guys later!
sadly RT : Employee profiles are only mandatory if you want to keep your job
#sem2011 book room conquers me again. More awesome music books than I expected!
What in the hell do I do when I'm bored!?
heh, you said discourse
thank you!! it's june 2nd weekend. are you a dad yet??
Hampden is basically the suburbs compared to Station North to me. It was very secluded. Public transportation was an uphill battle.
To all my new followers, thank you. I do follow back, have a good day.
At work blowing Purp
I wish some girls would just stay lesbian and not keep changing there minds
Getting ready for what will be a fun weekend in Indy!
sure thing - and i hope to meet you shortly!
New shirts in on Friday! Just in time for our show with at
won't back up connections on maint delay? Worst policy in the industry. It's like they want me to fly instead.
Well, Facebook seems to think they are. And now they have billion reasons to hope so. ;-)
" I laugh. I stop. Think about it. And laugh even harder " yepp. Thats for sure me
It's a wonder why I am not heavier considering how I eat my feelings!
The smell of cigarettes is disgusting .
OH MY GOD. Did everyone like the 💩?
GiddyUp Night After Tip: Deleting events on homepage: iOS = swipe on the right side of event Droid = tap and hold on event until prompted
I feel silly but I have to ask who is that hunk?
Love and miss you! RT : love you!
Baldur's Gate. Need to remember to save.
way tmi bay
Real niggas do real things
RIP #AdamYauch #BeastieBoys I grew up on their music thx to my older cousins.
I understand that it is subject to many factors. I do have my view but I still wonder
All clear in Cobb county!#tornado #gaweather #
What's your eye color?
set sail...indiana here we come... baha
RT : today has been great ....couple big name new clients hit me up today! word of mouth and flyer dropping is working wonders!
Ok I'm going to pick 2 teams to appear in the superbowl this. 1 is the cardinals, and I'm going to wait to see where mike vick is going.
Last week flew by as per usual- sent you one today :)
I would love for you to read it. I've become obsessed with June Jordan's living room as a space to exercise existence.
I have a question, can you answer it? Are you ready to rock?
school, life, lol nothin really! But I've been playin softball with my sister and I'm thinkin bout tryin out next spring! (:
They still want to make cuts to Paramedic program?
I'm so ready for some football tonight... especially since Fast Willie Parker is on my fantasy roster
Enjoying teaching people to stab each other today. Getting busier with summer approaching.
see, if a tornado come, i'm outta luck. i don't have a basement ._.
That's fine. Just text me (I'll DM you my number) when you're around.
FU*K YOU!
Say goodbye to the hater Errybody Wave!!!
Leaving work to the beats of Bape and an evening of real beauty.
Cheers to for getting us connected! PS ladies (and gents), you should read her blog.
that's a very fantastic question
Thoroughly enjoying research tools on my
The piece is in progress, will keep you posted on when it airs--probably mid-week!
LMAO! ROCK ON!
Thank you for the RT!
You too bro? Yeah i been plotting on sum different
jokrausdu: Wish Google had parties at #sla2010 like they do at #iste conferences
I'm working on so many fun craft projects this week. I want to go go home and craft NOW!
Congrats to our newest Summer intern Paige Blatnik...cant wait to have you on the team
I should have never fallen for you
that was then, an I truly enjoy hearing younger people speak about politics not always old ppl
I picked the #Celtics to score 90 points in this game. For this, I apologize.
In honor of Family History Month, we've created "31 Days of Genealogy - 10 minutes at a time." Check it out: /31Days
you prob wont see this bc you never see my tweets but Happy Easter(: Hope you get to spend time with your family<3
"I'm so horny right now :D" are u kidding me?! Why would u put that as your status?!
randi what the frunch soon is NOT soon enough gal
that's awesome!
Agreed: ": thinks Tuesdays make for much better Mondays than Monday."
Kennedy radicals are not known for #civility but radical acts are necessary -- eg Garrison's "commendable disregard for coonventions"
one more full week , then exams.. blehh
call me.
Well, that does it for the night. King loses to S.A. Churchill 3-1. That series resumes at 4 p.m. Saturday at Cabaniss Field.
No more sacks Rodgers. We need you healthy!
sorry its been a long day. We can meet one day next week.
I hope manning kicks the colts ass next season
My Guess: Q14 How many out of the box integrations are available with Zendesk? (Im not telling you the answer, look it up!)
cool :) site looks good! gl on teh game.
Very few bands can match the energy put our by ! Great set!
I bought a pack of Dentyne Ice and all I got was this lousy unplanned pregnancy
Just saying hey guys. Keep on runnin!
showed up in my google alerts.
the H1N1 is a goverment hox, that was created in a lab. Georgia & Alaska are the research markets...
I WONDER IF GONNA BUMP MY RECORDS LIKE I BUMP HERS!
Cant see it cuz the money in the way real nigga whassup
There is no reason to ever lose you inner child
My life is officially a joke #peerpressure #8amfinal?
And you're welcome. I'm a writer as well. You'll find it interesting what comes out when you have all the extra time.
very serious. but he has to hit 73,000 followers tonight..
Amen!! So true-so serious
user error
The drum circles at OWS may be annoying, but they are less annoying then watching someone ravish your grandmother's 401K.
:-D SO excited!!
Don Julio, $5 Shot of Bushanan's Till 12pm FOR VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR
how much ? And do u use protools ?
I just need Robert Goulet SO BAD.
You must be pretty important. lol
#teenwolf fans who can't wait for next week's episode?? I know I can't !!
How do you subtly tell someone without hurting their feelings that they need a shower?
I have been convalescence is that the right word lol for the whole week I almost died from a stomach pain than a big dog bite.
If you marry you will regret it. If you do not marry you will regret it. If you marry or do not marry, you will regret it.
Gynesis & Mobile Team Tour Dates for Tree Braids & More are at www.hairgynesis.com we're coming. L.A. Aug 6 D.C. Aug 17
I don't know much about fighting, but I know I will fight for you ♫♫♪♪♫
Today is going to be a roller coaster of emotions...
Just bought my tix to see in Seattle, cause he's playing in PDX when I'm at Radiohead. King of Limbs and the King of Rap.
What a beautiful day today
same...laying down..haha
Well I'm STILL intrigued. :)
Totally obsessed with this Globsters band. "Pretty women, rockin' and rollin'. Give me a beer. I'm high as a kite." Genius song!!
You are awesome, okay ;)
Bitch i'm ballin
Luigi's be popping on the low :-)
They erase credit cards within a 10ft radius... oh wait.... that's just certain magnets....
John L Smith the interim Arkansas FB coach? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I keep thinking tomorrow is Friday!
Special limited edition Gloves and scarves made for the Grand Central show now available at the LaCrasia booth also at 14th street kiosk.
So true The only phone number I know anymore is my own. That part of my brain is now devoted to passwords
You Never Know How Strong You Are...Until Being Strong Is The Only Choice You Have.<3
Whale's Vagina should be the nickname of Petco Park.
NBC's Revolution is the only show that i am excited about. Chicago Fire has some eye candy .. none of the comedies seem funny. #fourthagain?
SO WHAT....hahaha!!! You fit into them....awesome!!
#hth2012 Cloud computing (depending on what kind of "cloud" one means) can be very centralizing. Path to dependency on cloud providers?
LeBron and Wade both just messing up
Thank you for sharing! Happy Monday!
Hey follow shes so funny an nice an he follows back she's cool af an beautiful follow her an ill follow you/shoutout
In the sticks
Come to the X-ecution tonight at io west at 8pm, and I will buy you a drink at the Room after the show!!!!!
rage one your home team needs a closer just saying it would be a epic chanukah gift
Thanks for reading and sharing! I've been touching on this stuff for a while, now i'm going to spell it out.
Up this early just to mow the lawn.
What?? They are all over. Even Royal Oak still has a dirt road. I grew up around Milford, lots of them out that way.
oh no. Literally just missed you. Left this morning... Visiting Ian for the week. How long are you in NY for?
excited for the first game win!! now, if i can only find a bar to watch the games in dallas, texas.
here we go.
Chris Brown Featured on Rihanna’s New “Birthday Cake” Single
Hey Rachel Maddow, get me a diet coke you little boy! And tell your big dumb brother Keith to go fuck himself.
Me too! I love the excerpts I've read so far.
u be playin! Me & Fran tried swingin thru a few times, but u always be ghost!
Man that trophy is ugly.
Happy Birthday Arizona! 100 years old today.
Creedence Clearwater Revival - Hey Tonight - 06:14 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Does your dog smell fucking beautiful too?
I put lip gloss every 5 minutes yeah its that serious
nice one ! RT : If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in...
what up peeps? what ya'll up to?
Made mini apple pies last night - took them over to my boyfriends so I wouldn't eat them all and now I'm really jonesin for some tiny pies
she literally flipped? Now I know where you get your talent from
perhaps curling clubbing?
I wonder if kindergartners know what the New York Stock Exchange is?
I Am The Future Of The Retro.
Can blackberry phones compete without BES support? RIM seems to think so -- dejavu #PlayBook without any apps
Yes. lol. I just couldn't think of a unisex word that started with B. lol
Dreaming of the Osaka sun
SOMEONE PLEASE RECORD VINNY ON 106&PARKS !! PLEASE I DONT HAVE THE CHANNEL :( PLEASE I WILL TRULY APPRECIATE IT :)
I will pass your congrats on to Gabrielle! Thanks
Just got my Switchabit hooked up
pronounced "sport moooolayyyy"
The coffee lady apologized for taking so long w/my Americano. Uh... What? I told her I hadn't even noticed.
Leaving your windows down while it's raining <
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
I remember checking that out from Great stuff!
#Realize RT : Hope everyone has a happy and blessed Sunday??☺
CPC 2 more levels until dinner break -
SIgned a canadian rep about a month ago.Hope the product will be available soon.
The fast and middle lanes of I-64W from Dunbar to Institute will be closed today from 1- 5pm for gravel clean up
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I love that jam and I want to hear it on air!!!
Split pea soup has been done so often...so that makes us wonder, what's the best pea dish/recipe you've ever had/made?
3 auditions today. First coffee, I'm dragging this afternoon!
Ewww! That's disturbing. I had a palmetto bug fly at me the other night. Freaked me out. Ick.
happy wednesday eve and friends
Thank you, im profound frm time to time RT : best thing I've heard you say on twitter
(con)The combat is free flowing/twitch based kinda thing.I'm sure it will get old at some point but its a new thing for mmos
shocked you didn't find a taker! Still have extra? Just got the boot on my plan.
Great session man! Look forward to working with you again!
hm...........well.... like we #rushers say ELEVATE IS WORTH THE WAIT n_n (i don't know about a month though but it'll do).
NDEF is to get around a bug in the google android software for version 4.0.2... if you don't have that issue, then u dont need ndef
Opening day!!.. Take me out to the ball game!!!
Hey Dalton! Wanted to check in and say hi. Hope the world is treating you and yours well. Take care and have a great week.
Most intense play ever. Come on caps!! Tie this thing up asap!
This is the longest day of my life. Just waiting for 9:23.
Of course.
^{}^Avenged Sevenfold^{}^
Merry Christmas to all my tweeps. :)
Team White and I are playing against the Warriors tonight in the last regular game of Mar Vista's roller hockey season. Playoffs in 2 weeks!
#20ThingsAboutMe #3: I'm tiny, but I eat a LOT.
I met you during the Puerto Rico tipo; your a great coach!
Making cupcakes for my baby boy's 3rd birthday!!
Agree...trying to convince org to invest in Korn/Ferry content we can send out as PS material...$10/empl first year...<$2 after
Watching "one night with the king" the story of esther :)))
I'm not southern or northern, I'm from Maryland bitch
Fuck it I'm on one :*
RT Shots will make it better
Hey who knows when #thegoodwife season premiere is?
Hello from a super windy Fort Wayne. Lots to do today.
since there is little track activity, I am working Monday-Thursday the following week
not yet, moving back to SF
US Stock Futures Edge Up As Egypt Fears Ease; DJIA Up 21
i just heard worry list and its so amazing. he's got the absolute best lyrics I've ever heard
farewell, fair myrtle :P
A snitch nigga dats dat shit I don't like bang bang bang
prints drying on the tv stand, under the coffee table, on the floor, the wall, the fridge, under the couch i'm out of room!
Just want to say we love you guys, we have been playing awhile in this area and the people who support us are the best
The only thing funnier than watching Kasey is reading the comments about him
Sunday morning, rain is pouring.
The trash can. Or pay for an appraiser if you think it's worth something. It's probably not if it's in a shoebox in the attic.
BOSS BLACK!!
Without the nuance of personality, we're all just blips on a screen, cogs in a machine, statistics with no real meaning.
you too and ok babe <3
Damn I luv a women wit pretty feet!
open gym tomorrow. working on kipping, a heavy deadlift then doing "christine"
I know llol
Thanks to Adele & Jennifer Hudson for proving talent is king, the Foo for my new theme song, and Bon Iver for his Eau Claire shout out!
Its #thankateacher week. I have to start with Sister Diane Tetrault who let me know it was ok to be a smart girl.
Guess who's playing drums?
Thanks for the RT ! We are all fired up over here and ready for Milwaukee's version of "Iron Chef"!
First and last time I'll say I wish that Twitter was more like Facebook. Promise.
Simon, can sing anything and make it AMAZING! This girl deserves the 5 million!
you should be sitting on my patio eating brunch.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
maybe i'll marry her......maybe i won't
Take solace, Beasties fans: MCA will live forever, in our hearts and, thanks to the scientists at Snoop & Dre Technologies, our holograms.
": Ur passions shud never be considered work" I've come to believe this just recently. Now I am ready to follow my passion.
Funny. RT : Played Eagle Creek for 1st time yesterday. Whoever built those new holes should be ashamed at best.
(chirping) Sundays or tu/wed nights.
two nights in a row!
lol she made sure she didn't fight her in here house stole her then grabbed her ass
NICE! Good luck training.
#FashionFocusChicago, a week-long celebration of Chicago’s thriving fashion industry, starts today! Let us do the driving!
We will! So excited! Thanks!
Tony is playing at an MVP type level.
Apparently I'm gonna wish I had a storm warning. At least on CMT I do...
To Gates's (and his wife's) credit, he will give most of his wealth away, and he works hard to make it go a long way for charity.
Imma cold nerd
I would be interested, but I'm not sure I will be available for it on Thursday. Does this group meet often?
been using Image Alpha for a week now and the compression is ridiculously awesome. 40% avg reduction.
&here comes another Fever —_— *sigh*
fly to New York!! :D
These things aren't to diss you. I say them to make you think or ask ?'s. Remember, I was once in your shoes but asking ?'s changed that
omg. its phoebe fox. when you were little didn't you say you got her a teddy bear like yours. HAHAHA HAZ :) .xx
So exhausting
Water For Elephants is on next! Yes!<3
yeah. But seems like you wouldn't have nonattitudes on SM at all due to the lack of an invasive survey instrument?
The David Linard Trio will be playing at Cafe D'Jango, 9:00 pm David Linard- jazz piano Nick Tucker- jazz bass Josh Roberts- jazz drums
Thanks for all the well wishes for my 1 year anniversary party. It was a huge success!
I thought health problems--like breast cancer--got them funded. Wait, let me check: yes, it was. Good try, though.
Damn you long eyelashes.
just miss seeing your mom and our friends at work every day. But, it does make me feel like a good American.
We miss U2
A dear customer's dog missing near 38th & Kessler; border collie named Clay; ~40lbs; very shy! Call if found; chip
PHOTO SHOOT AND FILMING ON TUESDAY... LOVE THE WORK. THANK YOU ALL FOR THE FOLLOW
good time tonight the Penna ala Vodka was Delish! u can a replay now on www.theroomlive.com Eat hearty my friends!!!
Tonight. Party934.com. 8 PM ET. I'll be spinning that modern rock and talking about said music. It'll be keen!
Happy Friday! Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy. God blessed you to see another day so enjoy it. Love, Sandra!
jake stoneburner from ohio state, is he the best tight end in 2013 class?
Indeed. Dear to my heart & want to go see!
Jesus can take you from that pit of pain & brokenness & make it into something incredible - if you choose to love & follow Him!
Each day I fall more in love wit my baby :* , he's my blessing <3 , anyways at work 12-830
Hey - a long time ago, made a twitter for you. So, now you have two. LOL
okay come and get it!
Got told my ego was showing,so I zipped up my fly.
You're welcome, my pleasure! I could really relate to your gym class tale, even though we never had square dancing, thankfully!
HOME ALONE BORED....
When ur stressed today think of who has the most stressful job in the US & yet handles each new challenge with such poise.
If Niall had a tattoo I would know cause he loves me down every night.
lol. Nah just seeing some folks feeling themselves a bit. I think its funny.
Yash is really making the most of his stay at DHS
That feeling you get when you get a text from someone you've been wanting to talk to for a while <3
I can't wait to travel the world with and our little one:)
And let the wildness begin!!!
#tnnpbrtuesday is my favorite
Hey guys! Share this page with your friends and spread the word about We Are Defiance!
That's just the predictions, of course, I guess we'll have to wait and see!
I been going to sleep hella early lately
"Confidence is the memory of success" Good luck today!!!
it's all good! Thanks for helping out with such a great event!
Happy Birthday Brit!
30 Young Cancer Warriors (Version #4)
too bad your over seas lol
Capt. Michael J. Parker, LA Co. Sheriff's is speaking,
I know I know. :D
RT : I did a Google search for #GoldenShower and I found
. Brad Hacker is a geoGod.
Just turned in my California license at the NY DMV office. 😔 Kind of bittersweet...
#upp still blown
Brazilian / World - bocadorio.com at Coda Club San Francisco tonight Fri, October 22
shooting a spec commercial for King Kong the ride on Sunday...
Your son's teeth do not want to let go of childhood!
True Fact: Klingon foreheads are designed after dinosaur vertebrae.
Am i really at school ...
Everyone have their Easter eggs colored for tomorrow??
Another app idea - an app that starts your coffee maker when your iPhone alarm goes off
Some films may be brilliant to myself, but might be terrible to others.
This ones for you & Me. Living out our dreams..
i'd love to rock panama some day!
#IamAStanBecause eminem makes love songs about hip-hop
- yea man! That's already positive thinking. Keep that in ur mind and u'll see how the universe repays you.
BE MINE, Bitches!!! Love yous!
got an iPad for Christmas. Had NO idea what I was going without...Shame on me!
Spotify, I used to love you. But now j hate you and I will never pay you dollars ever again.
“: Most success comes from experimenting then learning from the failures.”
: Is singing an Aria part of the interview with channel's #CuriosityProject?? :D
We love you for your spirit and for the strength & power of the Egyptian people!!!
interesting that the RGA ads hitting Dalton running in Greenville media market, GOP trying to separate Eastern NC Dems from Dalton
I'm seriously thinking of becoming a monk - I have all the right qualifications - bald head, brown bathrobe & haven't had a BJ in 12 months
I can't really say how i feel about the beer because i'm not a beer snob. it taste good to me
Merry Christmas from the FIU men's soccer program !
It is a new restaurant on the block, The Pinch, 3548 14th Street, give this new place a shot
your kisses still linger, and your whispers softly echo
Said in Amy Poehler's voice, "REALLY??" via Conservative Think Tank Study Finds Teachers Are 'Overpaid'
The saying goes, "The only constant is change." Sometimes, I really wish I could change that.
RT RT : If you're going to be original, be prepared to be copied powerful
RT : "I've got the worst fucking attorneys." - The Georges Bluth & Zimmerman
Sometimes tweeting feels like screaming at the top of my lungs in the middle of a football stadium full of other shouting people.
If seeing is believing I'm going blind.
it's cool to pre-game before happy hour right?
Guns & Roses, Beastie Boys, and Red Hot Chili Peppers being inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame - Hell, yeah!! Damn, I feel old.
A friend just got a cortisone shot that helped her immensely during allergy season. Florida is brutal this time of year too.
I love bad movies but that film made Attack of the Giant Leeches look like high cinematic art.
welcome new followers. we're a rock band in Rochester, NY. next show is Johnny's Irish Pub August 20, join us won't you
Why why why am I crying?!?! None of these kids are mine nor am I related!! It's #obviously roommate love.
hey be careful, the streets are slippery when wet.
A2 - question/request for brand: make sure lines of authority clearly drawn
at the library with some books on Purgatory and the danse macabre for some light summer reading
Hmm... I see "Octopus" eyes in my Horizon App Manager. I wonder if I have access to it now...
My weekend: drove in sideways rain to Rapid City and back, rated a golf course in pouring rain, and woke up to four inches of snow. Yowz.
Salinas Valley Memorial narrows affiliation list to two
's Catchphrase clue: A natural disaster that occurs often in California. : Hurricanes! Me: ...earthquakes...ha
Bet that makes ur hubby feel REALLY special
KMT got like 7 tracks lined up for us... we wanna get at least 12 strong songs together. Bring It!!
thanks so much! So glad you found it useful.
How was this morning with Keoni H? Are you hurting??
is bout to choke me while picking out these songs 4 upcoming shows We are TOO picky (no pun intended)-BH
Pack, do laundry, study, or nap? Haha. Yeah right, like that's an actual dilemma.
RT : "New Mexico is the most completely beautiful place I have ever seen"- Ansel Adams
Internet memes: Hilarious viral bits of internet culture, or obnoxious inside jokes for losers? Discuss. (Also, link to your favorite ones!)
We are going to Breckenridge!
Valid RT : Your first mistake is reading the HuffPo.
I will not rest until I ride for Nike 6.0 and Fiend Bmx, my two favorite brands.
I was calling you Mr. Jones. Missed the comma.
LSU or Alabama?
enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy. (2/2)
hey man this is so awesome add the stringers that request you as a friend you never know?
Students! UL wants to meet you! Stop by on Aug 24th or 25th, between 10am and 6pm, on the 2nd floor for games, prizes, and popcorn.
Done! I'll try to work some of ur info into our social media posts to help support your efforts. Thx for your great work!
Very solid rebounding by the bigs so far!
no nyc this time, but next!
Walking around Philly Old City. Hot, people out, streets loud.
where is that from?
Thanks to everybody who made the NewBee fest 1 so huge.. More coming soon:)
So down for a field trip to Brooklyn! Also, is this where you are right now?
Lovin it! RT : Modern family time!
FREAKY FRIDAY!!!!
. What about combining the 2? Good idea? Examples of apps that use standard UI and also innovate?
#damndjs coming back hard????
'member when you had your teeth out overseas & you were in so much pain? do not want to do this:) when's your spring break?
And after watching the interaction between dems and the GOP while the new congress got sworn in, I'm convinced they're all the same party.
It takes alot of courage to love someone after someone else breaks ur heart, so if a woman loves u appreciate 'em !!
I needed u at work today! Super busy u know were the best at drive thru:)
My fellow Texan! I saw you tonight in Blue Like Jazz here in DC. Well done. Good to meet you!
Did i mention the make-up class is free?....
your twitcon is adorable, I like your shirt (:
yes, today is a BIG day for us! You r welcome to stop by for dinner :)
The cops? Really? What the hell is wrong with you.
if I see one more status about grades, I'm gonna shriek.
Lol U tryna say I'm fat??!!
why did you stop following me:(
For those of you that follow Altuawn1 Youtube channel, I'll be coming back.
I have a habit of usually not watching a show until long after it's gone. It's really good and it is streaming on
I love you Grandpa, please stay strong and pull through for us <3
Great pic of you in Bisnow!
Like always my sacrifices are being taken for granted
love you too happy Mothers day ((:
Expansion of the universe is accelerating now rather than slowing down, we live in the most probable of all worlds. StephenHawking
PEOPLE! Stop bitchin about the problems IN your life U R the only problem! U must like ur life or you'd
buit more funny
want to hear podcasts of Charlotte NC Chamber Events www.charlottechamber.com/getsocial
Haveing so much fun
I know better than try to imitate Erin. I'm nowhere near as adorable--she had the market covered!
Sunday are so different now.
My university mascot is a dragon. That is more than slightly badass. #drexel ()
Lax on tweets lately .. Last Night I sang along to Michael Buble, Bing Crosby and Ella Fitzgerald on the way home from
Just talked to my grandmother and I feel so good. Like I felt my heart getting warm good.
Thx for the funny presentation! at
u got something to say to me dm me. U run ur mouth for attention u will get the attention.
happiness is life!
: PROVE IT!
i had burger king & jack in the box today :D
get better! :)
Not likely. Ugh.
you don't know shit! Wat is it?
gotcha. Good luck in Can!
Future always tryin sing n shit on his track he the hood version of drake 😂😭😂😭
I've heard doodling helps with allergies ;)
yes. I saw it on the news. Sad day.
any luck grabbing the flight ones? I have been on NT all day only to get my face broken when I hit the eBay line
Looking forward to our lunch speaker from the Palmetto State
Just had an idea. We should totally start working out together...
thanks for all the support dudes!!! \m/
I have no clue where that is..? IL?
UPS just made a wine delivery :)
that's the best picture ever. Love it.
Attitude Babe...attitude. HA! lay it on him
Sorry I was busy tweeting at athletes for free SB46 tickets. They owe me! RT Nice! You are back!
Anyone else think that post last night's Mad Men that there will soon be a hair cut known as "the Megan"?
": what's your favorite #90s song? I'm gonna mix up some 90's with todays when I start DJing :)" Faded by Soul Decision
I've been slacking on the Music meeting notes, so look out here they come...
What place should I vote for in Austin poll?! I don't know:/
Finally done with Junior year! Now onto summer
which campus did you attend?
When he texts you back you get that feeling...
Maybe Natalie got detained?
": Do more than exist , Live"
Captain Planet where are u!!!
“: LOL Really a Standing O for that ? Sorry Joshua! #Idol”yes 4 that
me too
Fucking "Gomiso" how does it work?.
White Chicks <3
use of waffles in savory dishes always impresses me. They aren't just for breakfast folks.
Wow. I didn't realize that. You started in storage my freshman year in college. I hope that makes you feel young again :)
Well. At least I'm consistent with my outdated jargon.
Friendly suggestion #autismspeaks walk next year at Rosebowl should have shuttle options from Goldline.
Gaining knowledge and life experience is the best (and only good?) part of aging.
It's not breakfast food now that I am no longer in college, and I would have to make them. Which is way too much work right now.
very hard for me :(
Hey Portland, whaddaya say we all go up to Seattle tonight and trash the place!! Whose with me?
Enjoying meeting a new crop of students in classes today!
Signing a new client in Brunswick, Ga. today...another nonprofit looking for Strategic Fundraising Solutions. Please let me know how I can…
Just realized looking at old pics that the last time I had seen live was May 5, 2009 in Cologne, Germany! It was about time!
“Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression.” -Dr. Haim Ginott
decided for it, but est time to hotel is one hour. the e-2 bus is $2 if u want to shlep your bag
be easy! Beasy
Bo Ryan about to join to talk Jarrod Uthoff and transfers.
Covance Announces Executive Appointments - MarketWatch (press release)
looks like we are off to a great start!
The company that made agent orange is also the world’s largest provider of genetically engineered crop seeds.
depends on what type of trip/honeymoon. I live in FL and can give you suggestions on both.
If you put $100 on 2010 Recruiting Day on "Brad Bars excelling in 4th quarter of 2012 Blue-White game" pick up your $100.50 now.
Yep, worst call so far!
had a great night with my boy <3
send me a picture
daww our babies :')
at the end of the day isn't all just about love?
Disappear ceaselessly in my heart. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
o ok, prolly not
“ : Headed back to pittsburgh....would be shocked if i wasnt in a dallas uniform nxt year! The draft is april 28th”
#NBC killed the video... #typical #censorship of the #truth lulz... #RonPaul 2012! :)
Get a cannon ready...
well most days its purdont for them
Tami is really Evil, she needs prayers. And Suzie is annoying the crap out of me right now. She's so stupid!
This day is done - make that week! Off to -in need of new things for the new apt!
Word to your motha! Let's check out next week?
Drifting in this weather with
Too kind! Thanks.
Did you see the second picture in the link I posted? You can make out the word Tales pretty good.
Sounds like a perfect combo. RT : Movies and tonight? Perhaps.
i swear i just realized it now, Saw ur icon n boom! wow!
happy birthday girl big titiy nation
so i met big time rush one year ago today<3
The things I'd do to you..
7:30 am in abu dhabi. going to find breakfast. going to dubai at some point today. no idea how we are getting there yet.
Sick as fuck.
First day at Toyota!
Prosecutor says owners of pit bulls are flight risk to Mexico, wants bail set at $900K. Their atty says suspects are remorseful
Yeah - but he only did it after a 14 year affair with a woman he killed after 3 years of marriage. And his only son died early.
You know refs would've given Miami the ball RT ": THAT WAS OFF MIAMI. LEAVE IT ALONE HILL!!! FUCK!!!!!!"
Jalen Rose sounding real dumb right now. If a player is a scrub they just a scrub..sometimes the truth hurts but I rather hear the truth
Shh text me soon!
mikes like let's start at the 20 yd line
I was on my way to work yesterday & this girl pulled out of McDonalds & just smashed into me! So it was all her fault! But stil!
Excellent advice from at #wommu: Start every meeting with a customer story!
My Dad told me that he's the leader if the beautiful people. I love it!
Yeah!!!!! I am so happy!!! That is exactly what I #love to hear!!! thanks you for this opportunity!
Lauren Merkin, you have a tragic last name. but i love your clutches.
Shout me out?:D I want 900 followers for my birthday next Saturday ._.
Levon Helm RIP - he was a brilliant musician.
": #FailedExposure “: " never have I ever sucked a d*ck *”"u go learn today u go learn how to succ a dicc today
Q4 : WHATIF #NJ law-abiding drivers get HIT by law-breaking drivers (VBG95K) & DIE B4 they can file citizens court complaint?
As I get older, I realize that most of the teachers I've had have no business teaching.
Thanks for the great time at Espaza's last night #LMA12! Great way to kick off the week. is excited for the rest of the event.
There is nothing more honest than music- you can't hide who you are with her- can never deceive- only believe. It is who you are.
Just figured out how to make two cupcakes at a time in the toaster oven. This could be dangerous.
Spring is in the air! Come and see what changes are around the corner...
how stable is Tippett's contract status, hearing rumors of him to WAS to replace Hunter.
Gonna take a nap.
membership to Spa envy!
Ashley :D
People who #twatch >>>>
Umbrella in my hair hanging with me gals
Thank you for my BOMB nails!!!!
pea size hail @ the new haven fort Wayne line.
": "From now on, I'm eating healthy" *five minutes later* Lol jk. I'll start tomorrow."lol thats us;)<3
that is so fucking creepy.
Last chance for burgers until Wednesday! Come in and grab something for a late lunch/early dinner, open until 5!
#Beliebers help trend Kenny & Hamsters for Kenny's sake!! =D Show him we love him!! =D
Hi DukeCityDish! Thanks for following your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man!
School peoject: Strawberries.
Community Garden meeting this Wednesday, 5:30 pm in the Bartram Barn - All are welcome to grow with us!
And I from you :)
Jaleha Was Here Hacking The Tweeter ^_^
In search of adult orphans who were abandoned and never adopted but found success in life, family, and professionally for book I am writing.
Make sure their is no Cocaine in ashtray from back in the day!
Visiting kids with cancer and bringing toys.
Thanks for the follow.. please spread the word to help me reach my goal of 1000.. Thanks MissAlexisTodd follow me!!
Who powers (and Wells Fargo, Suntrust, etc.) BillPay service? Because they all seem to be down for 2 days running. What gives?
Tonight's show features Joe Tatton from , Josh from , and Eric & James from !!! No Cover! 10PM
Thanks for the return follow. It was brought to you by my bro
Another power outage @ work. What are the chances Word autosaved my document?
same:) so you're a senior I'm guessing?
you don't CHOOSE to.
its over 900 billion galaxies and they say there's not a god ? man is so blind women are so deaf
Was good to see again
Thx for your tweets! The winning essay will be published in the May issue of on newsstands 4/10/12. Keep writing!
Not that this is any better, but the "transvaginal" provision was removed.
National media is getting down on Joe Cool, hows about we Baltimorons blow up Twitter with some love for Joe Flacco!!!!
new avi...just another reason why it's great to be a cat fan. WOW!
if you're going to address , I'd advise you to use correct spelling...your argument needs all the help it can get..
Well new day today hope my wishes come true <3 :) Can't wait to spend my special day with the ones i love ! :)
I prefer the fudge like consistency.
Excited to see come to Denver and learn from PM. Welcome to Denver Brock
I left the studio with 8 songs out of 10 mixed! I go back in on Thursday and Friday to FINISH! Can't wait! Have a good weekend everyone!
thanks for the mention!
What just happened??? #ku won right???
My mom is the best person in my life. I can't even show how much I love her... I may not be the perfect kid, but I really care...
I cnt stop thinking about the #BoyfriendVideo ;))
I think I'm going to just go watch the Dictator for my birthday on Monday.
Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax.
European musicians >>>
one of the best of the year so far.
"The same as I love you, you'll always love me too. This love isn't good unless it's me and you." ::tegan and sara::i know, i know, i know::
#zeustek your affordable outsourcing partner. contact for more details..
she likes gay porn....(;
Woke up, can't fall back asleep, just like yesterday! :-(
The goats I played with at the zoo on Saturday are much more intelligent than some of the folks I've had to deal with this morning.
"No team has ever come back to win a series after being down 3-0." Poor #Mavs. Let's just not let this be a total sweep, k? :(
I'm a total 2008 kick right now with music. The Wombats "Let's Dance to Joy Division" was such a cool song.
Lmao my family to funny
bitch stop hating on me for being a boy. If I was only here for girls or followers, it would be obvious. So just shut the fuck up.
#RIPMCA My thoughts are with his family and friends.
marketing, promo, train interns
Cook, Steak, Knife
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Jordan shoes.
Hoping the new week brings sunny skies and happy days
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Moved my car from one parking spot to another just to go out side... So nice outside.
we are all at champions watching the KU game!!!!
I was at the white bitch crib you never came #ashly we kno you stunter fake
You should make a Safe Spot Skate Spot in NJ :)
I'm a little late to the dance on this, but Delta State got a great coach today in Wishing you well, Coach! Go Statesmen!
if you were here in Colorado I got you.
Everyone is in NYC tonight. Love.
Hello! Please follow and we will follow back. Thank you all for sharing your expertise!
My mom keeps trying to get me into religion...
Sarah Vowell & Shalom Auslander at the Burns Film Çenter: hilarious, brilliant, as loosey goosey as Elliott Gould in Long Goodbye
allota artists could learn from you man
genocide project with my love <3
Did you unpin/remove #art of yours that was on #Pinterest? Did you add "no pin" code to your website to prevent pinning?
Happy bday to my future Baby mama and divorced wife she always playing with my emotions
My song "Shawn K Dope" is probably one of my top 3 best songs. Lyrics and flow were are point and the voice was found haha
2011.06.15 #Brewers 9 #Cubs 5 | Crew offense comes back / first Wrigley win of the trip / order is restored
- conveniently forgot to mention the DEMOCRAT controlled legislature FAILED to appropriate the money in the budget...
insert foot in mouth...yeah I am sure that is the body part you meant.
According to CEIR, The number of trade show attendees jumped 3.7% in the third quarter of 2011, according to the index.
CU press conf: Colo State Patrol on HWY 36 watching for people coming to Boulder for #CU420 under influence of alcohol, drugs.
I love
I just became weirdly excited because D3: The Mighty Ducks is on tv. I'm like a preteen boy. From 1996. Emiliooooo.
is the sexiest lil thing ive ever laid eyes on EVER ;D
Just a question, why do you always expect the worse of things?
Lets go austin! RT: Last chance for 2 free tickets 2 & at 10/23! Just follow + retweet this!
Ill buy them off you for $20 .. #Sketchers Quick get Rich Scheme lol
Next year to 0? “: NYT "will be moving the pay gate to 10 free articles a month from 20, beginning in April," publisher...”
Man, it's cool. I hope you have a better sleep than I do.
U2?! :) FB is doing something right...
Fuck I really want those shoes, but nobody still has them. >_<
We are currently experiencing site stability issues. We are working to resolve them as soon as possible.
Upside- Amanda Knox is free. Downside- I don't get to tweet my disparaging Italian court jokes.
So where did all of these Pacer fans come from LOL?
fail today! Flight attendants spraying air freshener, REALLY?!?!
Neon Hitch <3
u too xx
Remember one year ago when we didn't know each other at all? Now I buy stock in straight jacket companies.
When Was The First Time We Talked And What Was Our Convo About? ;o I might remember
OMG!! Its coold outside! Time to get the boots, jeans and fur jacket out then put them back up tomorrow, that's miami weather
So happy to spend the day with my Girly Ashley Gertz ! 🍻
I often wonder... What else IS in the teaches of Peaches? Huh? What??
Pool time!
I feel like I haven't been to school in weeks, fuck that place real shit.
Only I would be cooling down in the gym lobby to NKOTB on my ipod.
no damn sense lmao
Getting news from cable shows is like eating a diet of only donuts. Its fun, but every now and then eat healthy, make up your own mind
First tweet from my new phone the iPhone 4s !!!!!!!:)
Thanks, ! Great topic, great ideas, great moderator!
This is the last place where I want to be... Thanks for reminding me why I HATE Christmas, I almost started liking it for a minute.
You are such a clever lady. If I could invent splendid ways to win arguments like that ... nobody should disagree.
Alyson Hannigan and Kristen Wiig guest star on tonights episode of The Simpsons at 5 where Moe's becomes a new town hang out
Omg omg 10.more.minutes
should come over c:
Well its Friday! So you know what that means.... More
RT Im setting a new exercise/diet goal for myself. Lets hope it actually works this time!
no twitter I'm not bout to follow Willie from Day 26.
Looking for #Engineers with strong #IPTV experience for #jobs in Silicon Valley and Dallas.
Nothing like checking the mail and finding a $500 check you weren't expecting.
I don't fuckin smoke if they askin
hey can u make me a admin plz well u dont gotta im just asking if i can be a admin or something
Gim! :-D With a hard g, like Barefoot Gen?
which of the two would you trade, melo or amare? I'd trade melo.
I sit 4th too! HA
#Menopause increases risk of gum disease, bone loss. Cleveland Clinic J of Med, Aug 2009. Control the risk w/ CloSYS. www.closys.com
Yes, me to ;) RT : Looking forward to a little time tomorrow!
That's how I do it. RT : avoiding direct eye contact then exiting the room without their back is flirting right?
Have client who needs designers who know ins and outs of Editable PDFs with Variable Data. If it's you DM me for more info.
.. talk about crazy
Twitter is the new homework, apparently. Gotta love journalism school.
"The fight for equity is not going to happen if we don't have an engaged citizen." -Francisco Guajardo
My husband says: Get 'er done. He likes to talk like we still live in Mississippi.
It was on Still not a fan of her life decisions.
Finally getting that blog post up I've been procrastinating on....Tomorrow! Up by 9:00am, promise.
QUICK, HIDE THE COPS! THE DONUTS ARE BEHIND US!
hey u wassup!
would be news if Brooks said Andrew Bogut was the best player in basketball
Rhine Heights, Vintage Brewing, Madison: silver, German-style brown/Dusseldorf-style altbier (29)
follow me on twitter DO IT!!
You could live forever, or you could live 70 years of the most perfect life imaginable. Which would you choose?
is front row at Alicia Keys tonight! Whoot!
I know-she came in town for dentist appt so thought we would get pampered! Hope Owen comes soon so y'all can meet him!
Cleaning the house for Flips practice- then I'm off to see Eva Grubb with The Exotics at Arts' Concertina!
~Back from a day run to Edmonton for meetimgs, a couple more meetings for the evening and then its time for R&R!
From NewOrleans 2 Chicago Im on a mission full of opticals ... Im remand the same
gonna see this whore in while abt to blow some trees
Last week they couldn't identify a drum circle, so there's some hope
Thanks for following us!
been working every day for weeks now so taking a day off to regroup and just do nothing but breath
#MAYWEATHER All The Way !
Great. Glad I could join today's chat.
Hahaha, I'm trying, I'm trying! ;)
*ATTENTION* does anyone have Harry Potter glasses i could borrow for the movie tonight?! LOL
Is it bad I keep thinking people are saying "happy MILK day"? Lactose tolerant.
So the next Survivor is set in the Philippines. Do I automatically win?
Did you mean to tweet all of the didactics from the Cornell Museum of glass?
anything for our MVP!
Thing that SUCKS is that I HATE having to be quiet about it. ugh. Can't wait for the clearing to share!
Thanks for the follow! ;)
That would be a very well attended session at #
“ No power is strong enough to be lasting if it labors under the weight of fear.” --Cicero
Ok...? Just asking for clarification. No need to be persnickety.
As long as you try
Life is way too precious for nonsense. What a beautiful day.
I "Liked" your fan page on Facebook.
how you doing ya jack wills wanker x
I love your newsletter but when I click the Twitter button to forward an article it doesn't embed it in the twitter feed?
Are we playing Would You Rather?
and you should follow
Seven more weeks left
Not anymore. I wish now that I was not anytime an Egyptian after I saw what is going on with Mubarak now. SAD.
oh, I think we all know. Lmao
Look on the bright side. Staying in saves money.
and in one newscast? Good broadcast. I'd like to see this more often.
Do you go to my school? :-)
#kids Heard Summer Nature Camps Registration at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 18 9:00a: Explore the wonders...
It was THRILLING!! Watched 2 GOOD movies, actually. "It's Complicated" and "Monster In Law." Well GOOD by courtroom standards...
It's a two beers after work kind of night.
Tune into 91.7FM tonight for Voice Box. I'll be represented and playing my fav Bay Area Female Vocalists.
thats what we say about women RT I don't see how a guy could be gay, there's soo many beautiful women out there. <3
Yes agreed and the counter rotation suggest the equalization of opposites in this case inner and outer. a frequency perhaps?
congrat! Love u girls
Steve Jobs was born out of wedlock, put up for adoption at birth, dropped out of college, then changed the world. What's your excuse?
hoops today?
re: bronzer that just happened to me too! so annoying.
Lulls in the sets on #CoachellaLive are killer, makes it easer to switch feeds to another great band.
He's pretty much the hottest thing to walk the earth. It's what you would call
In LA this weekend? What are some of the art events that are happening?
Will be leaving Miami for good in two hours
Don't blow this save League
My CD goes on sell in Missouri tomorrow! Make sure you pick up a copy!
ghost adventures on travel ch?
I was the 71st person Madison followed o_O
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script..
What? Biden couldn't keep his mouth shut about strategically sensitive information? I'm SHOCKED. Shocked I tell you.
Im too excited ... It finally happened!!!
she totally did me bogus man. Lmao head azz
Okay. The teenage girls just showed up at 12:30
I think the no arms, no legs jokes went the way of the dead baby jokes. They aren't PC. Why'd the dead baby cross the road?
We will be back in action soon .....rallying the troops add we speak
Poor just broke up with Skrillex. She's very sad. Come to Carabar and cheer her up.
Its been a great and magical weekend. I'm sad its coming to an end. Time to party!
Its hard for me not to want you all to myself. <3 :x
illiterate ass bitch
Looking for marketing associates ! Email or mention us !
So how bout that MCAS tomorrow.
Jeremy - Thanks for visiting Boombozz and sorry for any errors we made. We'll try and do better next time.
rockin that Blue yeti pro
hes like baby cute but not damn lets fuck cute
How can we expect students to know who's who in American history when teachers think every positive role model from past was American?
Just now pulling myself out of bed from that nap. Sheesh, I needed it apparently.
"I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it." -Johnny Depp.
its amazing the waves are building to upward of 40ft faces :P
yeah! XD I love my dogs so much ^_^
Back in Los Angeles and working have not even slept at my house.
Awesome! Will check it out!
No prob with you or Just issues with a producer who only wants to pay for 6 shows & is asking for 10 shows a week.
Thanks, Rudy!
Ima be the rebellious Chicago rapper ! Ion give a fuck about pleasing Chicagoan's ! It's 49 other states and 6 other continents ! I'm good
Hate hate hate hate this.
thanks for the tips!! Excited for NYE 2012!
congrats Green thumb sista!!
lol in good morning
Meant Dake not Sake
bro text me
I will be!
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
alabama shakes
Is it me, or is Wham's "Last Christmas" enjoying a renaissance this year?
Edgewater is such a supportive neighborhood. We're so happy to them and you for the support yesterday. :)
I Love How 3 People Thought My Last Status Was About Them., Tehehehehehehehe(:
no problem (: lols
its disrespectful to yourself to strive for the least. it success to strive for the most.
Retweeting is like "Liking" a status on fb lol
YOLO? Yeah, you only die once too
What a game!!!
It's never too late to support your local bookstore. Books make splendid gifts for the holiday, Hanukkah and Christmas.
"the zone" is when you feel the muscle growing, getting stronger every workout & knowing that there is no such thing as too big
i just LOVE when all my lessons go as planned!!!
I got a pea hehehe lol
LOGO coming soon fam
SWEET HONESTY THREE SET PIECE.....IS $9.99 BUY IT FROM ME FOR $7.50!
Thanks for joining us to memorialize the kids!
dfisadjsk . i keep procrastinating my life is good book
hey I just got home from Atlantic mall
Awesome article on our - #Coolhaus - history! tp://tinyurl.com/7wte4gx Check it out!
I'm about to say that the only wine that needs to go on living is Cabernet Sauvignon
I'm Hispanic :o I'm fluent in español. :p
I'm so tried of going tho this
You have officially directed a Tony nominee.
Of course you can!
I Wish I Was Still Sleepin
you wish Nigga :p
Who is your favorite team? and Player?
WISH ON with UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE, granting wishes to adults w/a life-limiting illness. Today Unity is taking a MOM to dtr's wedding wish
Join the party !! goin bonkers!
everytime I hear somebody accuse a user of laziness, I hear them not writing better docs.
can you just follow me so we can dm each other
Leaving on sunday than sitting on the beach in Florida☀
Thanks for celebrating with me. It was an awesome weekend.
NORTHERN STARS, an exhibition of Finnish art, is coming in December, but Marimekko products arrive in The Collectors' Gallery next week.
Looking forward to seeing more of your tweets and posts
Going to valley scare!
I will go on record and predict a top-eight finish for the Islanders in 2011-12!
i'll just watch big bang theory.
Have a great Sunday everyone!
We actually found one for our daughter at Kroger. That was a number of months ago, though.
Anyone have a new favorite beer?!
Even I need help focusing on and asking for what I want verses what I don't want
#TeenHoot Griffin Saunders will make an announcement about ticket sales for our July 6-7 Hoot Fest Sunday night on Ustream. :)
Hey thanks for the free T-shirt but kinda boring, huh? Last year's skyline tee was SO much cooler!
Happy Tuesday ! Thanks for following us.
Yeah, that does raise my eyebrows as well, have to say.
Thank god Language Project isn't due until Wednesday!🙏👼😂
I love when kids are dressed in suits and ties!
watching Senna next week in Seattle
you think I'm lying to you?
Why do they say your alarm goes off, shouldn't it go on?
Who's the latest #superstar island to join #iOS family? Our friends in #Mauritius! You rock!
I want all of the American people to understand that it is understandable that the American people cannot possibly understand
Thanks! I like your TV Show ;)
This time , last year was SO different .
starting to freak out about going home for the summer.... hmm....
I already watched it like 4 times, lmao. But omFG.
Tweet to all my new followers!!
I understand why they played that for Natalie Portman's entrance but wow, talk about ominous.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
; No iDidnt , Did You ?
Justin Krol pinned Becky Sobczak to Silly Gooses on Pinterest.
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
Just came out of a great "crash course" on threats to fed funding for Main Street & pres projects with staff - Jessica
Listening to #Numbers album on repeat since I got it
Some guy thought he was bold today when me, , and together lol.
Tonight David Brooks spoke @ NY Public Lib. His new book's at the top of my list of reads. I'm a devotee now -- more than just a mere fan.
NYU students and staff discounts on rental car service as low as 45$ and selected apts at 90$ per night
how could a dog lover like you not see that this was wrong wont you take a stand for animals if it was your dog you would see
Ok I just want to go to Then go home and get my blanket and comic on. It sucks driving in this weather
good day for your all :*
Home and time to have a few drinks, to wash away the sight of 76 yo ball sack... Whiskey, don't fail me!
“No compulsion in the world is stronger than the urge to edit someone else’s document.” - H. G. Wells
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib I ain't forget my nigga I got u
Lucky. It's so pretty. :3
I would definitely fly on Kulula Air! They have personality!
That is the worst! :(
Yes Kaleigh, my lips are soft and taste like hotness. ;) Love you :D
Today is my anniversary of arriving LA-what a long strange trip it's been! Thanks to my friends & extended LA family!
Cancel the screen cast. Google + isn't quite ready for that. Gotta find something that will screen cast live.
RT "Debt of the many, profit for the few" is the chant filling the streets!
A bat on the shoulder yields no hits.
your brother would do it
Diablo 3 launch less than 24 hours away. Pardon me. I meant to type "Cementing my carpal tunnel tomorrow".
how are you
Movie recommendation is Paul Hogan in "Crocodile Dundee"
Hmm, pretty sure I meant 'made optimal use of space'. Stupid vodka.
Seriously, the #oscars are insufferable! Not even watching them in a room full of gay men could make it funny.
by watching some Trailer Park Boys.
5 years ago, I was surprised about Gerald Levert.
Ugh...tough call, PPR prob Mathews, stnrd I go with Hunter today
Minn. Vikings stadium stalls amid Capitol politics - KTVN
#YouShouldNot say "I love you" unless you really mean it. Say it cause you want them to know, not to hear it back.
Draft #1 of teaching philosophy is complete!
Beat the heat with a refreshing orange cooler cocktail at COA!!!!!!!!!!
Just watched Winter's Bone with my girls...Wow Jennifer Lawrence you're the #%@$
anyone ever knocking on soccer for flopping n acting after watching this LeBron performance, go play in traffic
Omfg wish I didn't watch human centipede at this time!! It was sad, disgusting, creepy, scary, and fucking weird!!!! Wanna see the 2nd one:p
RT : A new study suggests a contact lens which provides a dual focus can slow progression of myopia in children. ^dy
40 min wait tonight @ Rossi. Worth it. Love seeing a local restaurant jumping on a weds in January.
Arkansas fires Petrino
I cannot I have activites to engage in :(
u can pratice on me
So Excited for our album to come out next week, what albums are you guys excited for this summer?
Defos gonna have to learn 'the mask'
Art Pulse has bid on the closed Pacific View Elementary School in Encinitas to save the property for community use as an art center.
What!? Details, please.
With Rex"The Mouth"Ryan and now TEBOW in town..has there ever been a better chance for the JETS to be the #1 (Media) Team in NY?
Where annual elections end, there slavery begins.
There are few things I like more than sunshine, beer, and boys in Phillies shirts.
Our bodies need sufficient VitC to burn fat - oranges, red bell peppers, broccoli are great sources! The menu this week is full of these!
Really, ?! The only way I can sign up for your service is by using Facebook auth? Don't want to.
having a hard time remembering these little computer terms..... ugh, i need a study buddie!
Toni Morrison will be at the Union Sq Barnes & Noble 7pm. Whatever I had to do on campus tonight is a wrap.
I just know my legs aren't ready.
. Wall Street wants Bernanke to create yet another bubble, but Main Street does not.
AGONY COLUMN-God, Guns, & Guts music video
#Rupaulsdragrace I think that director just called Phi Phi "Pee Pee."
Gym followed by an extra special "Bachelor" night! Leslie Knope, "Galentine's Day" was the best idea you have ever had!!!!
Studio seven seattle....september 24th?
Ditto that! RT : Because deserves to announce the first game in a new
Laughing at (and secretly loving) the discovery of twitter accounts for and
You're hysterical & created a cult of Chuck Norris fans can't wait to hear you speak
Generosity is not taught in America, no matter what people tell you. Americans are raised on pride and self-reliance, not generosity.
thank you will check it out
Thank you Wanda for the return message. Keep writing!
yeah i want to! Howabout u?
I've hit my small talk and cheerful attitude quota for the week already and Knitting Club is Wednesday. Good heavens, I'd better bring wine.
Is anyone taking the BCBA/BCaBA exam in May?
yaaay!!! LAMBORGHINI MERCY your chick she's so thirsty, I'm In that two seat lambo with your girl she's trynna jerk me!!!
My 3yo nephew would tell you to add Vaseline to slide more. (That's what he did to his tub.)
Congrats! Happy friday from Chicago...
I miss you, where have you been.
congrats on the success!
yeah same! I mean they were amazing but I looved that singing group (forgot what they're called lol) :P
SSC in the Arena District is the BEST, most convenient, and best value breakfast and health food in downtown Columbus, Arnold Athletes!
YAYAYAYAY!!! it does!!! :) Check it out! I explode towards the end of the film!! so glad you're seeing it
Feel honored. Idiot is afraid of you and you know it.
All this driving is killing me
NATO-hood. Ha!! Matzoh ball soup without the schlep would be awesome.
...and our semester-end buyback has come to an end. We will be open normal hours (excluding holidays) to buy and sell. Happy Holidays!
yea I do read my tweets nigga
Weems Gallery in #ABQ had 3 sculptures stolen today. 2 bronzes by Burzillo, 1 by B. Girard. The thieves are trying to sell them now.
Sloppy drinks for sloppy bitches
The graduation quilt orders are starting to roll in! Love this time of year!!
Welcome to the 90s baby <3
Hopefully $1 #bomb night leads me to some pretty
If you have a tongue piercing I automatically think your a slut.
last time i checked i got way more guys than you .
yep, ditto here... “: God is making it rain on me today. Except he didn't get the memo to use cash.”
it says forbidden to me
I need to be better.
Some Kid Cudi #nowplaying Can I Be
hahaha deal :) umm now let me think of a good joke
I'm so jelly!
Haha females be thirsty too.. I just witnessed thee dehydration (anybody wanna get this hoe a gatorade?!]
where at ??
That's very good work you do!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs right through me
Translation: "I shouldn't be accountable for saying hateful things." RT : The importance of explanation is quite overrated.
With "Which tradition?" you ask *the* key question, one that lays bare what is actually meant by appeals to the "traditional."
Heading over to with to join the fun 's Chef Rock Bands! Seeya there!
the weather is awesome in NY
I need to be more active on linkedin.
aye , Sergio Martinez???
I love you baby
That. Awkward moment when he asks you to homecoming ......
Oh, and also most girls that start with J.
not everyone...some people come home next week..
im not good at this twitter thing at all....
Oh no doubt, I think all 3 of the other teams are more talented than the Rams. The exciting thing is all 4 are very young.
Hey Bubba! You ain't one of those SOBs, are ya?
I miss you more babes...
Lakers-Heat; Bron-Kobe are NOT Bloods and Crips, Dems-Repubs, Floyd and Manny you don't have to choose!
Everyone stop talking about 1d tickets, I'm sad enough that they're not even coming any where near me :(
Another where you think it could happen, but that they won't really be gone. RIP Whitney Houston. It must be SO hard to deal w/addiction :(
Collar popped
I'm looking forward to our trip to chi-town this weekend!!!
Reminder, if you could not make it to the conference. Stay tuned to this Twitter feed to keep updated.
“: #flipboard for iPad (cool app!) #psp11” I downloaded it during his commercial!
Dusty vs Every One in sweet home GET IT IN lol
haha yeah you cute
If anyone out there has more details, fill us in. And if you have video of the incident... iPhone, mini cam, etc... definitely tweet at me.
just starting Ledoux's poster hw 
Who men think they can control any female its like what are you a whitch cause you don't have much charrm
Yup, Roger that.
Happy Biryhday from your muffins!!! Everyone follow her! She's super close to 10,000 followers :-) RT!
Poured a fifth of Jameson in my Gatorade this morning, because you know, cross training and shit.
YES PLEASE !
I didn't know that people were still into Kraftwerk. At least not on this type of level.
I did, and it was glorious.
So now that I'm pretty much totally self employed, does this mean I can speak more freely now and do rebellious things like openly swear?!
Just did a sweet hydration at the Grilled Cheese Truck parked on Santa Monica Blvd!!
outside pools? I think they open this weekend
SMILE!!!! GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!!!
congrats, wow, amazing, holy cow.....
I'm bout to play some music and try to put together these outfits! #designer!
the ram part is why i dont....1Gb ram used partially by the video card
Creating a custom blog template will NOT defeat me! Anyone care to share some good resources? Using
and who are ur two best friends
OK, thanks!
trade up for RG3 and let's be relevant again. It's been too long
They should make a biggie hologram that shit would be so live
Looking forward to it!
Didn't Ben Franklin have something to say about that? Something about those who would give up liberty for safety?
Plan for the day: Drop bro off 4 game at 10, then go to doctors office 4 me, then go to my friends house 4 kennywood
thanks for the rt!
Doing a dental clinic them free pet pics at the shop today!!! WOOF!
Well I am a preacher...(laughing)
Just attacked the #SAA2012 program with a highlighter. Lots of talks I want to see, going to be a VERY busy trip to Memphis!
whats yo email homie? we about to email all the music for my set.
So Seau killing himself was in direct relation to past concussions ???
have done that many times. Makes for great practice. Gl
Using the words "hot and steamy" grosses me out.
Thank you!
Going on vacation in a few days, need a good beach read suggestion. Ready, go!
Dear Twitter, What do I have to do to be "Verified"? Who else would I be, but me?
If i want to watch a horse race, I'll go to Old Tavern on Second Saturday and watch last call.
Winning a superbowl
EPA Admin Jackson, Sec of Commerce Bryson, Sec of AG Vilsack, USTR Amb Kirk speat at #americanu & EPA Technology Market Summit
The new album from Ariel Pink & R. Stevie Moore titled 'Ku Klux Glam' is a giant waste of everyone's time.
you're welcome:)!
Loved the Columbia Heights Farmers Market this morning! Kudos to - best in the city!
OMG dani followed me on twitter 😍😍
Also, happy overrated historical event day!
I'm like drooling over "Some Nights" because it's PERFECTION. created a masterpiece.
LA Voice has an intern! Always spreading the SLP knowledge to those that are interested!
const. What it took 2 guys to do now it's just one
Do you have a plan for this account?
Glad you like it! It's nice when social media is actually useful for something fun...
Daylight savings time! Remember to spring forward tonight!
The $1 Million Facebook Experiment supports local an national charites. Members are asked to donate $1 per month. Join now. We need you!
Please stop daily texts
I aim to be a Peaceful Warrior
wont raise the retirement age, cites Galveston,
RT : Here is the Blackberry Vojito we will be featuring at the party Friday night! Starts
let just say its going to be a long year
Lmbo!! This scared me and made me laugh at the same time.
...anyway at all, it's an absolute embarassment. This whole thing is stupid on his part, and he's going to lose big here.
Hey are you all in Chicago?
when? I'm not far
you can finally get that Nokia you've had your eye on
Theres no need to rush, if something is meant to be it will happen. At the right time, with the right person, for the right reason.
Word! Thanks for the shout out! We owe you.
You know it! Stay on your grind, I'll be coming through soon!
"The most beautiful words of love are spoken in the silence of a look ..." ♥♥♥
honestly, I'm more excited for MIB 3 than new spidey
And your mama said?
I'm going to miss Missing after tonight. I wish it wouldn't have got cancelled.
Weed in front garden – Suspect arrested after officers ID pot in yard
you didnt have a big part in piranha 3dd
Please do a duet with Babyface. How Could Angel Break My Heart is one of all time favorite songs. I love you both!
happy birthday to your puppy.. This part of the new job has to break your heart.. I know it would mine...
RT : Gearing up now for day two keynotes at #AribaLIVE ... expect some breaking news too. Live tweets to come.
Merry Christmas from Black Belt Bachelor!
Tonight's Plat du Jour: Coq au Vin! Slow-cooked free-range chicken prepared w/ red wine, mousseline potatoes & winter vegetables ($23) Yum!
Ugh thatss nasty fa real
does this apply to charters? I'm assuming it does.
Creating an open environment for collaboration with a culture that embraces vulnerability = a great solution
Last day of conference.
Did you know that what we now call wood blinds were known as Venetian blinds?
hahaa i was watchin him on espn for the elite11 he is lmao
sentinel prime
A goal without a date is a wish
How was the first?
We have great photos of La Mesa elementary students from yesterday's "Big Bad Wolf" mock trial on campus. Pls DM if interested.
N. Wolf: It's like witnessing your favorite aunt develop Alzheimer's. Very slow, very sad, prone to saying absurd things.
Im realizin how childish that we r bein
Thanks for the #FF mention!
You really can't even play me like that and expect me to do shit about it
I haven't decided lol
Glad you like it. I was about to walk out the merchant's door if he didn't take my offer... :)
Havin' a hard time being on this planet today.
Who wants to be my co owner for my twitter account ?
oh yea.. new avi..man i'm starvn. cant wait to see my twin in a couple weeks
Got to sit here and wait for the last football game of the year! Agggggh!
thanks for the encouragement, today blows I'll have to fill you in lata
He's got a head of fiery hair and a turbo-charged backpack...
How many honest, intelligent, caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes? ~ Both of them.
that weave suits you *wink wink* ☻
I grew up in post-Colts Baltimore so I have to laugh at this! But, my alma mater, Maryland isn't much better this year.
haha. And you're the only person to mention it.. maybe too subtle.
Cock, paper, scissors.
You're never too jewish to worship jesus
I think the refrigerator light might be my totem. It's how I can tell if I'm having a nightmare, or just midnight binging.
Pastoral's Sinfully Healthy and Millennium Park Bean sandwiches will be on #Sandwichking! Don't miss it Sunday at 10 AM
Where are you planning on going to lunch? How about making it a #bartab partner and treating yourself to a $1 drink!
Music make u lose control
I just got a job at Walmart, working second shift. I wanna hang soon!
Wing night tonight! 38 cent wings! Attitude adjustment pricing until 9! Join us!
Get started in the craft of #infographics & #dataviz by (). #opengov #opendata folks need to get on this.
Next #HalfTime you should be Performing Straight-Up!! in #Superbowl 47!!
ayy thanks mate!!
Stellar Phoenix data recovery I LOVE YOU!
yes it is lol
Duff's Wings 3651 Sheridan Dr, Amherst, NY 14226 GOOD LUCK in BUFFALO!
I wonder if the paramount in austin will actually put the title of Sarah silvermans show on the building out front. This could be a problem
I miss him though
Thanks for looking out for our Zipcars! Were you able to call in and report this?
The economy is supposed to serve mankind not destroy it; humans made the issues; humans are the only ones who can solve them
no San antonio? .___. That's cool, bro.
quarter-life-crisis starts as of… now.
When summer is here, we can do that because of my pretty little patio - room for more than one LOL.
My mother is dying from #lungcancer. Not a good idea to promote smoking photos. Ever known anyone with #cancer?
hanging out at the office waiting for my mom to finish watever shes doing.
that CD slaps
I'm at the St Francis Hotel
have a good day fav<3
Hey , you see what happens when CERTAIN people like get in a movie? They start disowning people.....lol
Two quick steps from shore / Drown every inch, twice or more / Sea change to the core.
Thanks for the RT re !!
Chillin at Baptist Memorial Hospital waiting to do pre-tests. Getting surgery done in a bit. I'm anxious for the aftermath.
The world is my Fried Chicken Combo! I don't like Oysters. Ha.
: Hi Tom! I mean the community your museum serves - not the museum worker community. Outward conversations not inward.
RT : well tell her then. Lol I already did
Happy Administrative Assistants Day!
what up with the geeky rap video
It is either a win win or lose lose. I coached 2 aau "stars" but they were just decent hs players who cudnt or wudnt defend
I love watching footloose I am watching the new 1 right now
When i Saw You for the first time, Holding you the first time, Kissing You the first time, Holding your hand the first time, It Was Perfect♡
if South Panola can drop after losing to good teams (Hoover) ranked nationally and locally, then Bassfield can drop...
He's next.
please do!
Just saw the latest Nice spread! Beautiful as always! Can't wait for the Client List to start!
city council city council city council city council
K I am being followed in Walmart by a bearded man. #notcool clearly I can see you are following me.
if your having a sucker free day throw ya 2's up <2222222222
Lots of new products in the pipeline - should be a fun summer!!!!
tired of talking
Mayor: a point person with the city who will monitor all construction impacts over the next while (incl parking spaces)
Having the ventilation shut off in your office is always a good sign that it's time to leave
I like your icon! (;
just setting up for the macarena
PSI I DON'T DATE ASSHOLES ANYMORE CARRY ON
RT : Anybody can be a runner. We were meant to move. We were meant to run. -Bill Rodgers
I love a Spin class followed by a pilates/yoga class. Can be abbreviated to 30 minutes each. Easy to teach and effective.
yeah, sorry they can technically, but the way the ravens and steelers play, I don't think the browns will win enough others.
So happy my hubby is on the way! 
#DPLA and #libmade, should these 2 ideas be converging?
Admit it, you've lied to get out of hanging with someone.
I know that was terrible making Chin choose. I hope he did call someone. She cant die.
And now and I are listening to Godspell. No, really. Holler
u silly..lmao
Hey, I tweeted a potential fantasy baseball trade that was offered to me. What do you think?
Leonardo Da Vinci The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Omg! My brother just dropped his wallet and what fell out? Not a condom.. No. A SOUPLANTATION COUPON!!!!
These 🍃ain't cutting it
wow Serena Williams , all that hard work your father did to shape your career and you put it all to waste. ...an #epicfail by him.
We can chat all we want about Butler to the A-10, but the Dawgs had a football player sign w/ the Bengals today. Does the A-10 have BCS bid?
24 hours into being a #dad and it's pretty awesome.
Usher-Climax , <3
don't die wondering what if.
Gala Screening A Dangerous Method #NYFF exceeded expectations-bold, smart, moving.
I see Kristen! really pretty name :{) How old are you?
World's largest speedtrap at north entrance to city of Verona.
I just want to let YOU know YOU'RE gorgeous.
Hate fake profiles... DF outta here
When you're a a checkout with your mom and the only thing you have is candy, chips, and soda, you know you have problems.
Apologies for our less than frequent tweets (I'm studying abroad). From now on, Egan will be tweeting for us. She'll sign with /ef. /te
I definitely drew inspiration for that tweet from our convo the other day
Just FYI - I just bought the winning #megamillions ticket so everyone else might as well save their money.
The library needs to be available wherever students need it!
come back to milwaukee sooonnn!
you sneaky bastard! I was listening to some AT yesterday!! Likewise my man, can't wait to unite the clans... You're the jam
DANCE BREAK: Go! *boogies*
Local school has built own state-of-the-art TVStudio & Media centre! Shows broadcast on local cable station- life is all about opportunity!
So, are you out to your family and friends
Aw heat :(
went on nbc commenting on laserdude from LA claiming to treat dark circles with what looks like an erbium laser...i am not a believer!!
2nd hottest ticket in town behind the #pacers has to be this Friday at ! First to get back to me gets 2 tickets!
idk why i gotta feel like this ,
Just had to say TY for the inspiring end-of-year email. Loved the quotes from leaders, they really get it- Happy 2012
I am loving this weather <3 <3
No Justice Thomas admited to lying on his finance disclosure forms & Taxes yet Issa didn't bother to investigate
that would be appreciate greatly. I will make an effort to come in today or some time this week.
Hating my Mac today. It's doing all the wrong things.
I know what you mean my brotha
looking for a support contact in Carson City NV for a lost submissive. Email me at if you know of anything
I'm already naked
Thanks for the RT!
It is Peter Wittenburg. Apologies for misspelling
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Cannot believe its almost 1AM there and these guys are still racing. #DAYTONA500 go #17!
I didn't get it either...... Lmfao
Canon T2i is the current leader!
First Tip: Protect Your Computer- Take care of your equipment and systems before you head out into the Internet realm.
Dreams amaze me
It may sound absurd, but dont be naive. Even heroes have the right to bleed.
I love life in everybody in it <3
Wow. Def thought this was fake. RT : Oh hey, look who's on twitter finally! And yes, it's really me.
Mac miller (:
( I agree
Seriously Chicago?! 61 degrees with a chance of rain!! We really are gonna put out the Fire huh?!
Incredibly misleading title; was not expecting to read about students/cell phones. Kind of disappointed.
Uh robin I Duraheer 'd on da kitty
haha, we're getting beers asap!
Checking if my webcam is on when I do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters
I have the best twitter and facebook friends in the world! You guys Freakin Rock and have been making me a better me! Thank You !
Why can't you just be happy, why can't you just be happy...
There are attack ads against Santorum on in Knoxville and on TV commercials here. They're from some PAC.
how about we clone Messi instead...
Fighting Britney first block
I need to constantly remind myself to never read the comments of Milwaukee Journal Sentinel articles.
I love you, girl!
We're putting together our monthly newsletter next Monday. If you have a volunteer opp. you need help with, let us know!
k that's cool too
how does that make it a hump day!?! Lol
yo dude. I didn't even know I we following you!!! Crazzzzzyyyyyy
Happy mother's day to (she's on twitter and therefore better than your mom)
It seems that Cars 2 Go is the latest cancer on Portland streets. Two clowns want to park in front of my house.
It's all really fascinating. But less tweeting, more paper finishing. :)
how did you get the email from where ?
This morning was fun!
Meetings all day, than more work, & finally than pool time... Hit up my cell for stuff coming up this weekend... (602)882-0317
Jeffrey will be the wishbone this time. It was nice knowing you, Jeffrey.
how old are you ?
Killed a bottle of Bartenura tonight with peach ciroc damn damn good
Irony: the men in black are coming for rip torn
OMG 7th Guest is FREE in the AppStore. Who remembers that game?
Wear a suit - regardless of what you hear, get the job, and then cater to the office environment
We've craving lasagna tonight... Let us whisk you away to Italy from the comfort of South Beach! 305.673.1312 for reservations.
I can't believe this girl . Lmfaoo Stfu already.
Ready to start the Chicago #hotchocolate15k. Bur.
Aww gee thanks :) hahaha! #success oh and no fake shit RT : i believe in you lol...
Have to believe that you aren't the only political mind that has contemplated that scenario.
Early to bed, just to spite the neighbor dogs. Can't wake me up if I'm already awake, now can ya? Last thought goes to my birthday mother.
shoot, I was hoping for an acai berry pizza :/
GOD knows EXACTLY what he wants each of us to do - b quiet & listen
Welcome to my house party........
And I'd give up forever to touch you.
great job today at #aasocialtv! ps I'm a fellow IPG-er (UM).
I think it's going to be Common that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how...
you go gurllz
Famine in #Somalia drag #Africa stocks down. Real painful seeing faces of starving children on TV. All hands on deck. Let's help!
You seem angry. Relax. It's just Twitter. I don't buy that white privilege bullcrap. Life is tough for everyone.
Tonight we bring New Scenes! New Scenes!
“I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!” An American Werewolf in London (1981)
can you get me the phone charger
#ITAOTC Carnival Style Feast w WORLD RENOWNED Chefs & More! Take A Bite 5.3.12
it made me smile too! 
A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson
On the way to Ohio for a minute
Next person to follow me I will follow back
apparently, i have no morals. how sad.
Getting into the zone with help from The Verve.
Quote of the Day: "Change your thoughts and you change the world." -- Norman Vincent Peale
Oh yeah.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
I will say the Lumia executed this task quite well, but of course that's no reason for me to abandon my iPhone.
Hugo count: 5 out of 10
Packing our new #ecofriendly inks for Uganda!
Don't forget it's Gold Card Week. 4 more days to cash in on great savings!
fuck. I needed osu and under for a nice pay day.
IT'S COOL THAT YOU DRIVE A DODGE STRATUS DAVE
Mell saved his team, but P won this round by a small margin! GAME ON!
Hey mama what it do? Gave me the world this song is for you, mama!
just found out what?
i wanna go for a bike ride
cant wait to lose 50$ on a horse i picked... liked the name... should be exciting tho
Why is it called the Midwest not the Mideast when it's technically more east than west?
Did that really just happen? Omg on that note taking a nice long nap
Libraries for free access and opportunity for all! L, Yes! www.savethelibrary.org
#ITSABOUTTIME you stop chasing after someone elses man or girl
LP JV football opened up a can of woop ass on Pueblo South JV football score: 32-0
Join us on #WheresWaldo and tell us about your exciting industry #event you're attending. #businesstravel We're social too!
IMY like everyday....
": you know I am down with you like four flat tires EXCEPT with your Heat LOL #LAKERNATION" A-Mand, Bishop!
Thinking bout gun shopping....
Q7: yes, that's one of the reasons i try to sleep good
Shot a new video today, now its time to go let loose at the club!!
Mandarin oranges cheese itz n cold water then off to bed with my Queen
Prime is Correct about Tony Romo. Time for the Dallas Cowboys to move forward. He will be gone at seasons end!
On one hand it's a pity Keith Olbermann is so "difficult" but on the other hand if he wasn't he wouldn't be the Keith we know and love.
aww how sweet lol. have fun ladies
I feel you Sitch..
I'll just wait til Avengers 2 comes out.
I KNOW I don't want to get hit on but that was a very wise salesman and a gourmet moose shit maker.
Man. #Caps couldn't buy a goal on that power play.
not 100% percent yet but will let u know A$AP!
thanks God bless!
It's kind of hard to have an open conversation about opening up a troubled platform on a platform (G+) that is itself closed.
So good to chat, !
hey…you need to join us at BSD.
As always, well played - well played. You never disappoint.
we have the best prices and we delivery the best mexican food in denver look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
We love chronic pain research!
Some people don't understand the word "bestfriend" and its true meaning ... I still have my two till the end :)
call me
At least one yellow from you today, ok? Maybe to take down Donovan...? ;)
Crime Stoppers is temporarily unable to reply to DM due to the recent hack. I will respond later this evening. The account should now be OK.
Aziz Ansari talks comedy, food and his ‘Parks and Rec’ co-stars on Reddit
A bedtime challenge: Take an Ambien with two full glasses of water & see what your body deems more important: Waking up or pissing your bed.
Mitt Romney's primary headquarters was kind of dead, but Newt's is a party! That's not an endorsement. Just an observation.
Turmeric and coriander may be the stars, but don't underestimate the value of cinnamon and cloves in curry.
im not she asked me im i in cali dah
wish we could have helped with this Dodgeball event!
apples and peanut butter>>>
RT : Here go the niggas who watch games when the playoffs on... Kobe can't guard Westbrook? Yeah ok
#DWTS Who cut the front out of Brooke's dress? Looks slutty. Yeah, go ahead just call me Rush.
You want me to tell you who's beautiful ? Read the third word <3 lololol
I'm on a very restrictive diet & won't be drinking for months. But my friends will be getting tasty beers from the Bruery.
terrifying. also, your poor camera
Thanks for all the "Follow Fridays" you crazy kids!
El Cajon City Council votes to eliminate city's Commission on Aging and Disabilities...
We can add any image to your Monster Kart, Bag Toss, 360 Game Pod, and more
great, how is it gonna be?
Just realized these pants don't have front pockets.
Ha. Yes ma'am... Busy keeps me out of trouble. I appreciate the nice message. Salud!
I've heard about this place and have been meaning to check it out. Love bocce ball!
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback ;)
Amazing show last night! Va beach tonight! Last show with so come support!!
soccer games, farmers market, yoga, walks with ezra, greek festival, beers...the perfect day.
RT : it's not dropping out until they die. Call those campaigns "in remission"
Joey V, Timmy G out to NC
Troy Aikman calling Brady, "Montana like drive" so spot on!!!!
Operation Good Reputation starts today, kids.
To win, all you need to do is get up one more time than you fall down.
If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are slave.-Wayne Dyer
Im in the studio fina put some new Hits UP for yall stay tune thanks to all my supporter's i do it for yu #Tae Cash
Wish I was at the #nsvfummit! Busy working for being an early investor!
It's ok it's ok it's ok its ok you can run and tell your friends that I'm on
The FEC survived #dcquake and so did I... Hope all are ok and be safe
traighten right up.
Lunchbox Factory in Bellevue. Recommended.
Right? Bring Tito back and Theo too & while we're at it: Tek, Papelbon, Wake, Pedro, Manny!, Mike Lowell, who else?
Work consumes my life...
The Pima County Public Library in Ajo, AZ is without power and will be closed until power is restored.
RT Want to get the most out of your workout? DO eat a balanced diet.
how much more attention do you want?
back up your itunes folder, copy it to the new itunes folder. or even leave it anywhere, every song you play gets copied to itunes
Thanks One day is for amateurs. www.screwearthday.com
thanks for the #FF! I'm a huge advocate for MD local wines!
yeah we are! & if you live out of state just practice from the videos!
": Hearing a song you really like on the radio, and trying to remember part of the lyrics so you can google it when you get home."
We all are parts of the same puzzle! Thanks YaYsmile :)
You should come!!
#whenifirstmet GeminiSharese she was three years old and wouldn't stop biting the shit out of me everytime I went to Grandma's house...
thanks to all who came out to mayor 's press conference today announcing 's Apr 15 event. 10 miles of car-free streets
Yea!! Thanks!!
I'm going to guess the Kosher Indian is the other way around. No meat, just vegetarian, keep the butter and cream.
is focused on the next step because it's always the most important!!!
I tried to watch Syndromes and a Century a few weeks ago. Felt meh at end; probably would've loved it in the theater.
watchin pawn stars. bored. cold.
i have no clue saying we should hang out and shit .hmm
Hahah - I saw it. The only thing that was missing - "WESLLEYYYYYYYYY!!!"
ready for you may 19
ADAM Y U ALWAYS TROLL US
two weeks of manicures have been those colors respectively. I love them.
So sorry to miss the event! Would love to gone, but my day started at 5:00 am and I'm sleepy. Very sleepy.
I'm in Portland. Couldn't make #NABShow this year, but hope to be there next! Nice to meet you via tweet. --
i have the day off doing school work
Madison: , Dotty's Dumpling Dowry, Wondos, Brochah, Jenna's... Many more, it's Madison after all.
spent a whole day with him <3
Sorry, I have nothing to tell you or sell you.
About to interview LL Cool J via satellite. He's hosting the Grammys Sunday night on CBS. What should I ask?
i wantchu to come over
Sorry, but my other hoes have me so busy!
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls. ~ Mignon McLaughlin
SNOW - Our next project is very different. Rock star, love, sorrows, music, and well...snow.
retweet this if you find it gross when people eat doritos on the el. makes me wanna barf from the smell. same potential for cheetos just fyi
haha phew! Well i only use em with someone i really really like, It just flows then :)
Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one. #thisiswhywebrokeup<\3 someone else was jealous
is ur Gmail ur primary email? Sent something there but thought about it after the fact lmk
Thanks! It's been a fun project. Can't wait to turn it into a book to share.
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." Anthony J. D'Angelo
I am honored to be showing #IWantYourMoney at #CPAC Theater - Thurgood Marshall Ballroom, Sat 02/11 Hope to see you there!
I hate this feeling
Thats shipping included?
"If you deliberately set out to be less than you are capable, you'll be unhappy for the rest of your life." - Abraham H. Maslow
for making smss12 trend... and of course for many other undisclosed reasons :) have a good one
We have a company holiday outing riding the bike tonight at 8! Come say hi when you see us out!
Amazing how your whole world can crumble with just a few words
Chili cheese fritos and A&W rootbeer are my weakness! Lol So good!
[5 - 1] The Milwaukee Brewers scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 1
; I love music too <3 expecially the kind you singg (;
Rondo looks like he's is in so much pain... I hope he's ok.
Good! : haha I will!
that last tweet of mine was meant for you
KIK me back, we have a mission >:)
The number is actually to a bridal shop in NYC. They've placed a message on their line informing callers that it's a scam.
Working on a exciting project to get images & stories on "welcoming the stranger" into houses of faith across North Carolina. More to come.
Yes i do remember, however i haven't come up with an idea yet. Its so good i want to do it just.
Ready to put my all in these finals!!! On my way to Morehouse when August comes!!! Ready for new experiences, new people, and ready 2 partay
RT : 79 days till I go to 301 in London, Oxford, Paris, and Normandy.
ByeeZ! GoinG To My Otheer Class!! LateR!
Laird will lead off the 11th with a home run and then LaRussa will take credit for having Molina get ejected.
Someone use my photo Haha thanks
So does winning a gold medal for a design presentation make me a "real" ux designer now?
Rondo = triple-double sunday
There have been, but they were tiny. Let's hope that Cascadia Subduction Zone doesn't go. ;)
drop drink over lap. Then pee. No one would notice. Febreeze
MY DOG IS EATIN HIS DOG FOOD SO FAST
Amon.... He can't even see that hes the worst kind of bender of them all. Of course all he wants is power and people to fear him.
Facebook acquired Glancee (that was quick!) - Amazing what SXSW can do for your company
Its all fun and games until somebodies' furniture starts floating down the street
But all I can do now if leave it in Gods hands and have faith that he will help us get threw this
welcome to
i got #UPALLNIGHT. :) it's amazing
hahahaha u got me holmes! I think?
No but I do on pinterest and Facebook. Jealous wife of an old friend. RT do you ever wonder if you have a twitter stalker?
Partying all Summer. :P
Evan with dreds >>>>>
"these docs don't care if you are on time. We have to wait so long, it ought to be free."
what happened?
believe in your own abilities to achieve greatness!!!!
Congrats well deserved and so glad grandma is there to share the moment
Den wanna retweet me.
Done packing up the car. Really gonna miss 229 Forest Park. This place has been good to all of us. Definitely the ideal college experience
And with that #Rangers victory, they will have the back page of the papers...even if the score holds up here at Camden Yards.
once upon a time... your a slut. the end
Andy Varejao thinks Kotchman took a dive... And gives it two thumbs up!
Babe , lets be nothing i heard it lasts forever♥ .
great suggestion! We'd love to bring it back, stay posted!
that's whats up tell spin that JUICED UP, and watch the crowd go crazy...we JUICED UP,WE TOWW uP...
yeah man. I can't stand that shit. I'm sure it's the same people who used to fuck with me about loving the team so much.
Thanks love!! RT : happy bday! Many many more centuries to come!
I already want him signed long term!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
how u feeling?!?
She used to be the sweetest girl.
I got to start calling and texting people back, when told too. It seems like am being disrespectful and rude
Super duper bored
just got your card for christmas. Can't wait to start breaking it in!
i keep planning on reorganizing my closet. but then i realize naps sound more fun.
I still like that call.
play 5322 for the evening.
how do we make even better?! how about by adding another 20,000 square feet for YOU to get your dance on > www.BigNightDC.com
you still know my coffee habits -- ex roommate point for you.
Thank you for sharing my post
#lol #THATsJUSTwrong --->>> “: I wonder if tap dancers ever look at the floor and say to themselves, "I'd tap that"
An actor needs to get some help to make his career happen. A good agent goes a long way.
I just love you... your the best actor. love everything you have ever done. can you follow me? it would make my life!!!
Poetry readings at 's TURF today from 2-7!
Like a fucking good laugh, and love a good fucking.!")
tell the ids to check out cafe gratitude. it's vegan and truly SF, which is either great or awful depending.
Az BeerFest! How we liking TailGate?!
Not surprising to see Tiger get crushed. He hasn't played enough over the past 6 months. Somewhere Keegan Bradley is pretty bummed.
I finally realized,That I can't get you off my mind (`▽´)-σ
All those that hug and profer yellow journalism, i'll start blocking. Get yourselves a gossip-sheet site instead.
Three things a guy want to change about his girl is her last name, address and her viewpoint on men.
"I know that I'll never stand as tall as these buildings, I'll never quite reach the sky"
#eyeroll MT : Gingrich on WI ties "We own a share of GB stock so we have ties to the whole state in that sense."
Agree. blocking is a slippery slope. Better to educate, provide guidance and roles. Some framework is reasonable.
Well I certainly have not missed Norfolk's traffic + construction
I thank you all for that. With all the great things and great people in District 14, it's an easy thing to do.
One day these fake ass marks gunna realize that what they think is "Real" is as fake as they are
Going Green: windows cause heat, tint or use (white) blinds. Doors and windows for caulking. 305-232-3344 we will inspect ur building.
Motorcycle would be better :P Something like a Kawasaki Ninja 800cc
Don't worry about life, you're not going to survive it anyway.
Game Time!
No tizzy, I have no allegiance....but whenever I read through tech websites or read stuff from Apple friends..there's always
Natalie and Emma get waffles, I get cereal
Follow Please? Its Almost Her Birthday.!
wow! NICE!
Hubby just transferred 23 months of his Post 9-11 GI Bill to me! That covers the rest of my BA & at least half of my Masters. Love that man!
totally! shoot me an email, I'll get it to you ()
(what's all this about cakes?)
ha ha! No shit! You called it,
another shitty looking day for me . cool
In bed before 11...
Happy Christmas! good food, GREAT wine and warmth of family.
Thanks for the follows!
haha what time is your rehearsal over tonight?
follow me
my favorite show on Ssoo COLD BEER on the shaft of your penis...gets rid of embarrassing boners..idk that really sounds like a MANSWER
Don't put words in my mouth. And the words that do come out of my mouth don't get them twisted!
Hey, I can make a song about your teeth ' black and yellow black and yellow' and you need to hear the remix 'green and purple.
congrats.best champ since cena.great time 2 cash it in.great job last night
you're welcome bud. Gotta look out for our followers
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there
Really a Great great match! Chelsea vs. Napoli
In the words of 'YOLOin cuz YOLO' sums up my life right der
RT : Foster Care Friday Fact: Nelson Mandela, James Dean & Babe Ruth have 1 common bond - they were all #fostercare kids.
Wtf do they like about him bo
looks like if i have facts straight, '98? I think. Don't banish me if I'm wrong though!
Mud: Let dry completely, brush off. Soak fabric in 1/4 cup detergent & enough water in a bowl to cover for 1 to 2 hrs. Wash.
lucky!! I get them off in like another year and a half!! :(
Moss for 1 year, which will be his final year to prove his worth for big time $ to other teams, or Plaxico, for same reasons?
do ya want it to say n e thing?
Feeling a really real connection to Aaliyah right now
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 4
Jurassic Park 4: Dinosaurs with Made Up Names
Brian Dietz will serve as the next interim president and CEO of St. Mary's Hospital ().
lol I did to hey can u go follow my group twitter n be a fan of use.... please
I'm becoming a ninja of writing! Kick out articles left and right.
Yep, Rice has 1 game lead over MB & Holton. 2 games over me. 6 to go...time to make my move :)
IM GOING TO TEEN HOOT IN 4days here I come , and yay I cant wait!!!!
Getting ready for bed? Nope. Being a good friend? Yep.
it's good.
is it just me or do these things want to fight back!!!?
really excited about our newly designed blog compoent. it makes blogging about art and artistic thoughts exciting www,itsartnotstuff.com
Sometimes I wish a giant would carry me around in his breast pocket and I could just relax.
So damn tired, but it was a nice coming home to a clean house! Thanks babe!
Follow back caca :) ?
#Bleu is looking for an online editorial director . If you are interested send your resume to . NY residents a plus
Jobs , jobs, jobs, that will lead us to a better real estate economy.
366 followers! Thanks!!! Keep the support up! New tunes being prepared! :) needs all the love! :) <3
RT : 1980s Tom Waits songbook sitting on top of the pile at Fate in action. Purchase made.
Having a day off gets a little boring, and you find yourself doing work anyway...sometimes.
tell your friends to follow usto get amazing discount
I hate when flights are full
Way to pretty to be inside!!
LADIES: that fake gay shit is so FUCKING CORNY!
Sometimes when life seems a little hard, my lil girl is all that is needed to up lift my soul.
Well played Indiana, well played.
Kobe a dog man he got this and you know it
Sometimes awful things have their own beauty. Maybe I'm heartless, like i just don't care.
Raffle crew getting ready to sell tickets to the Ravens folks.
I do haha!
awww you're so sweet Bingy, marry me
ok... Just keeping my options avail just incase something comes up
You are my 100th follower. Thank you and the other 99 followers! Cheers!
It *is* like opening gifts sometimes! Sadly I can't accept bribes in exchange for opening TCs but you can visit the Museum & watch!
rondo beating everyone.
thanks for following! Have a great week!
Who has good info to share about performance support tools for mobile delivery?
Not now, but I go there often. I haven't seen any other virtual or real friends check in there though.
Derrick Frost back on board with Chiodos!
Yessir is co-hosting this afternoon on the radio w/Pauly.. gettin' ready for his performance tonight at Tilt!!
Listening to Harold Varmus talk at #Berlin9 : Publications are an essential part of research, worth funders paying for!
Hey these Insiders show you have quite the extensive and diverse staff. Need in house counsel that can also do game design?
I've no doubt. Plenty of comedy gold in your mine.
LOL I'M SO GLAD I DIDN'T GO TO TRADE SCHOOL TODAY! THEY'RE ALL COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SUB! #Breakfastclubproblems! :D
I'm on a roll! 4 hours down 4 to go
Goin' out on a sartorial limb today - no black!
The other word. Hence my reaction.
no! *stomps off* lol
he did it big too, no apologies. Ken Burns' doc on him is AMAZING.
tweets to you c:
The Lord told me to tell you that the Glory has left the Lakers and it rests on the Heat!!! sheoughobo
nothing much
Judge rejects releasing bin Laden photos
Good Morning Austin!<3 How did you sleep?(:
4 sure just did
wow I thought it was just me i.e. Jenny Craig commercial! yuck.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention... "I hate my mom." You want ur way. "I'm stressed, I need a vacation." U just got back. "We need to stop." ;-)
Col is now on Twitter, I suggest you follow.
ik me too! She's so talented 💗
yea I got it Wednesday
Didn't win the
I have no words.
Had teal nails! Red next maybe...??
Statement by Love family thanks prosecutor Dave Chapman for his "tireless efforts".
Well, that's 90 minutes I'm never getting back.
RT I support as a Community Web Producer--our voice for ATL's historic & dynamic South/SW neighborhoods!
Fried with
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
may have been a goat in another life, considering all the garbage I've consumed today.
- We're Glad you love the results of your Google Business Photos Shoot!
When i heard he was talking to someone else, i wanted to jump off a cliff. I HATE THIS FEELING"
Woman, you look GOOD in that dress! Definitely wear it to the prom! :)
the things we keep: weekend snaps.
one of my neighbors has a green sedan with a stormtrooper helmet with crossbones printed on the on the hood. not a good sign.
Good news! I can now open a beer bottle with a screwdriver and a house key
when a guy say i'm pretty it feels different from when my friends say that i am..
I should be sleeping..
I know. It's disgraceful.
Some of us needs advice from others 2 navigated thru life whatever happen 2 the master theory we all control our own destiny by faith.
AUSTIN I FREAKING LOVE YOU COVER OF SOMEONE LIKE YOU. So beautiful! Follow back please?(:
thinks today is spend all those gift cards day
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward.
he didn't move yet . He's moving tommorow !
My mom is thrilled to FINALLY take off some lbs. I have not seen her this happy in too long.
#NCAAFinals Kansas looks immature right now
I hate when they show Movie Previews / Trailers on TV and dont tell you who stars in them makes me NOT want to see the movie for that reason
I know, right? I think I might just start with the last few chapters.
Any great new software finds from folks who spent time at MacWorld SF?
Hugh Crawford: Object orientation as a form of desire like other orientations.
feel better bud
Couldn't go to sleep until I prestiged again on mw3!!!!!!! With
Christmas Vacation with the Griswolds will always be my favorite holiday movie. "is your house on fire Clark?"- aunt Bethany
Taekwondo & Karate students: Check out Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Amazon Kindle eBooks
Just made reservations for Serendipity 3! =D
Kobe's answer about World Peace's elbow on was perfect
For my advancement friends, anyone heading to #caseindiana tomorrow downtown? Going to miss
Bywater Films looking to produce marketing videos for SF food trucks. Tweet back if interested.
that's right up there with "no this wasnt designed to be exposed to users, but it's totally user friendly!"
Happy Sweetest Day everybody.
slap him across the face and then hug him for me
Awesome. Thanks!
Text Me Im Sad:(
thanks for the @ and #happymothersday to a great mom!
lol ... you just sent the same tweet like 8 times! I <3 the spam goddess!
Thanks, Saint!
hahahahah schubie I love u. Miss ya boo ;)
❤❤ Dream as if ull live forever , live as if u would die today! ❤❤
Sorry to hear it!
I've been at my parents' house for not even 24 hours, and I think I've already gained 5 lbs.
any tix left for tonight's show? thanks.
Herman Cain = Andy Kaufman?
I have 30 minutes to write a 5 page paper. lets see how well this goes.
Yeah, just pick me up some firewood and some m&m's. Thanks for asking.
I just can't. get. enough. coffee.
Be careful. Mentioning the #RedSox when you're next to could get you thrown out of the press box.
Knowing you are on Twitter made me smile today!
“: Water would taste a lot better if it was vodka.” and Vodka would taste a lot better if it was
RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite WWE Superstars, my son !
Weird to say this but soaking up the sun never felt so god. Relax, don't do it! I'm gonna get dark!
Someone totally needs to put that in a movie!
how do you know this?
I like it too, but like , the paper makes me a bit nervous.
drinkin at your house???
Cool - Thanks. I will certainly add it.
Sarah stop.
again another impressive speech ! I envy you your job working for this great man as history will prove out !
The coffee is hot and donuts, scones & granola await! Come on over, friends! 125 Fleet St.
When one team dominates a series 75-37-5, is it really a "rivalry" anyway? Enjoy the SEC.
I didn't know what else to say ha
please. Follow me??♥
Oh, now that you're "in the spotlight" you think you can act big & bad?? #Please realize no one liked you then, no one likes you NOW!
Thank YOU! It was great texting with you! :)
Hey! I'm still here. Virtually. A few miles away.But close enough...
that's rough
#Don'tBeAfriad To Sing As Loud As You Want.
I know the game...analyst!
meh it got boring :P uh i have school soon :( *cries*
Last night was Crazy, Blazers tore up the lakers and the Roots came to town. Today I am heading to the Brew fest at the Rose Quarter.
"Mahone.." and then she's like "yeah him!" i was like BITCH BACK OFF HE IS MINE.
lmao. this is why i
Dont forget about me
Let's go Wildcats!
Sorry I work more than once a week, unlike you.
the real reason you care less and less about the nfl is cos ur geordies boys are 3rd in the premier league
Chelsea lately. Bye. Insomnia. Bye.
great point!
"The High Cost of Bathing" Bathing fell out of favor in the middle ages, when filth on you was considered protection against illness....
Twitter Poll: What dessert do you like best after eating a sushi meal?
are you SB's fish lovers? Yes or no? what's your favorite sea food and how do you like it prepared?
Packers hope McMillian cures safety issues - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
As my schedule gets finalized for the week, I'll email you and
thts so sweet :')
We support Red Necks 100% in our neck of the woods. Love #NitroCircus they
they have no life. Just because you hang out with her. Its your life. Why do they have that much hate on herr?
In Griffith's Born Again Bodies, she talks bodies, race & religion esp how thin equals white & "good"
Almost got arrested. So rebellious. #noiseviolation /yd
Follow us on Twitter
Oh yeah RT : RT if you’re going to see #Avengers again this weekend!
- Taco Tuesday's and Slider Wednesday's !!!
"a great team guy" "plays decent defense" "starting to hit the ball hard,just right at guys" #MarinerExcuses for
As if you needed another reason to visit the today. MT giving out candy for halloween at MGC 3rd floor School of Comm
Think "ALEX". Government efficiency left when President Eisenhower left. Burn it into your little brain.
Thanks ! Nice virtually meeting you
HAPPY NEW YEARS 2012
Which is further from downtown Detroit: Ypsilanti or Troy?
Read your favorite poem aloud for others at our Say You, Say Me poetry event. Today. 6:30PM Evelyn Meador Branch...
I like to think it's with my looks.
how's everyone doing?! we'll be releasing the winners of the contest this later this week, we're loving all the entries!
Oh U do photography too...word lets set up a Time! I cant wait
Moved my hands today for Wendy ( the girl with red hair "zip another one-stop!-grab it-up-up-up-eat it-put it down-send it on its way"...
#citytalk Agreed US Public Housing was good until we stopped maintaining it in the 50's. Please were scared to throw litter.
Lmfao @ Mean Girls "Don't have sex because you will get pregnant and die! So just don't do it now anyone want some rubbers?" xD
Tropical nurseries are filled with ferns bromeliads and orchids...such amazing plant species! I want to take them all back to NYC
this is tron by the way
I finally know what it feels like to be 16 years old! Now I can finally start writing bad rockabilly songs about driving cars!
well I am not going to listen haha 😝
No Josh. Great shot Josh
Great Brightcove get together at Marvin last night. My heads at the beach now. Headed to the Outer Banks later today.
Nice bow Prust u just bought urself a dinner date with shannaban
Played a great show after a really difficult week. This is exactly what making music should be--uplifting.
I was one of the people who stood up for Pau not being traded this year. Never again. He was pathetic last night.
Hey #bmgen folks: working w nonprofits, how do you tend to map funders, clients, partners, members... to customers, partners, resources?
Bitch you aint no barbie ; i see you work at arbys, number 2 ; super size, hurry up i'm starvin, gnarly, radical on the block i'm magical[;
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness. - Shakti Gawain
I'm a ass i swear
If you feel you know any high school athletic directors that would be interested in having their games broadcast, please let us know!
Methinks it's time to survey the local employment openings. The office vibes are ripening.
Racism @ Driftwood Elem. Sch in Hollywood, FL! White stud bullied 12 y-o black, Cedric, "Nigger" Bully's dad came, choked Cedric, hosp next
The only reason I'm going to school today is to max lol
I'll have to see if that would be possible, I don't know if I can use the camera for personal use or not. Missed you at T on T!
#libchat Q4 Get the lib work experience before graduation. Pursue what you believe in!
yeah Haha I'm looking for a quick non perscription thing for my boyfriend actually
Gonna be awesome. :)
Hispanic Jobs | Bilingual Jobs | Spanish Jobs | Latino Jobs ...
Office Cube Etiquette: My favorite, "Keep your voice down." www.tinyurl.com/24fagl7
idk dude call hr n be like look im just checking on progress to see if youve made a decision yet
There's no way it's only 70 degrees in Portland right now. I'm dying.
aloha adam. can we get you on ESPN Honolulu tonight to talk some NY Knicks at 10:20 pm et?
Left Seatac many hours ago and am finally on a supershuttle trying not to look at the scary driving. Home is close.
Hahaha okay :) I won't!
what's love got to do with it IKE crazy ass lol
Thanks for following us! Have a wonderful weekend!
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
The winner of the rat race is still a rat.
Ha! “: RT : Life is canceled due to today's snow storm. #Seattle #snowday #StopSopa”
We lost one of boxings true legends tonight. Smoking Joe has been called home. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Frazier family.
About to channel my inner Michael Phelps! #BringIt gonna get a great swim workout in
thinking its gonna be a good year! Let's plan some sweet videos and photos with some models!
I'm writing mine now too haha
Heading to guitar center to pick up some things then heading to redding
lol! they just recognized ..im kinda a big deal, people know me
Why must you torture me? And I have NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON WITH DEMI MOORE!
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~ Thomas Jefferson
"The Prehistory & Abiding Impact of the King James Bible" - exhibit in Thompson Library Gallery thru Aug. 28
I just reliezed how much i miss Cody ):
Regardless if you "aren't supposed to hit girls" If a ratchet ass girl comes for me , or even touches me I will hit her. IDGAF.
Now this we'd love to see! RT One word: Grubby.
#Remember #NeverForget The first call I made when I learned about the WTC attacks was to the school. They were already on lockdown.
Sorry I stalked you to death. CC:
“: So upset I can't see Brad Paisley tomorrow with my girl Em... </3 ” #wahh me too but you'll look HAWT at prom!
You just gotta get out there! Start with a profile pic, sweetie!
take yo butt back to sleep then. This time of day is for
his "apology" was absolute disrespect to the parents.
havent tweeted in a while...hows everyones mothers day? (:
Someone just be nice for once.
Hi Mario! How are you? I still love "How Do I Breathe?" My fav song. Takes me back to 2007 when I went 2 summer camp in MO!!
Any1 working on fringe show whether it B NYC, Hollywood, Toronto, or Poughkeepsie shld B reading streem at
What an exciting day I had at Riverside Arts Market. Not only did I sell a lot of prints but 2 original paintings!!To view or purchase
“: Saturday will be an all day drinking affair , cinco de mayo !”
AGREED! Order my new book and finf out what happens for real: "Disenfranchised Dads"; at lulu.com; deprived of choice!
STANDING OVATION FROM MY LIVING ROOM ON BEHALF OF THE LOS ANGELES ZOMBIES TTWLA
and I LOVE IT!!!!! The video is awesome!!!!!!! I love you guys and i promise to keep supporting you guys!!!!!
Delays, delays, delays. You can see them as obstacles or opportunities. Your heart desires will determine which one it would be.
you owe me a visit gangster.
too late. her clients put their weights and yoga mats in their rolling backpacks and cut across the field to leave.
Ready to preach at ALWC this morning!
The Business Blog Marketing Kit includes 3 how-to videos and an instructional eBook:
OMG! I swear #Inside the NBA gets funnier every night! LOL
the conference is at the Venetian
Prediction - 1st game of the 2012-13 season Thursday Packers @ Giants. SNF Broncos @ Patriots.
that would be first of the year ya??
Quick. Staring contest. Me and you. Go. #dammityoualwayswin # thatswhyIcomeuphere
Yay for #CharityTuesday! Thanks for the SO! :)
u didnt remember you boob <3 its okay i still ly
i am hoping it is any player from the jazz in the series v Spurs
Preview for tonight's "Revenge" looks insane!
Not yet. And I'll bet they do.
Yes, Pakistani intelligence was involved. We did the opposite of what they told us and bingo, there he was.
ha, that'll work but I was thinking more about putting that together for SXSW!
. esp when they can do it to workers that the majority of other workers don't feel any sort of solidarity with (students)
hahaha calm down RT : exactly! Haven't heard anything more right! Yeee Lebron
I mean... Don't you?
“Don’t waste your time thinking about someone all the time when they don’t bother thinking of you for a second.”
Just dropped my IPhone cracked the entire back of it...wow this is terrible
Remember, today is Monday. Please, Alyssa, calm down.
lol np how old r u?
did you get this from a youtuber cause i feel iv heard of this before
What? A group dedicated 2 supporting Latinos 4 office shuns 4 ? What do they know about Mary?
You mean to tell me Darius Morris still can't get in the game?
[Ephesians3:20] FatherGod is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the HolySpirit Power at work in us.
Let go & it will be yours forever.
LA Invasion this Sunday (11/6) for #ClosetSundays! Special guest !
Scratch allows browsing of the C drive on PCs, is there a way to modify this for student use with group policies? thanks for any tips!
Still up for the #marlins game! #latenightwiththefish I was suppose to get in some z's before cinco de mayo madness
What in the world possessed me to buy an EIGHT PACK of breath savers? My breath will be saved for days and days.
See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Follow me Brandon!!!! :)
The Pack is French and Outcast is British. Netflix ;)
Awesome start
I wish there was a "Skittles" button on my keyboard, then I can get free skittles whenever I want. :)
Start of the #nba season is off the hook so far!
Congratulations on being with Sterling Lord. That's big time!
Gallo “: *RT Contest!* Who was the first Nugget to hit the floor for warmups tonight?”
It's lol
"We need proper brunch music" - my dad
Hey C:
who is in the F4 and who isn't?....obviously uconn > tennessee
i just followed Nick Wooster!!! That is a big step in my life.
One more day and then it's Bruce! Gotta get ready for tomorrow's road trip.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Grass fire has right lane I-39 SB near MM 160 at Edgerton closed. Reduced visability, use caution.
Oh dear... facebook arguements on something I posted... I'm staying the hell away from this one. I understandboth sides, I guess.
And into my car I go for the THIRD time in an hour.
Thanks for following from a diehard Orioles fan! :)
Eli Manning throws over the middle and the #NYGiants must own the best stickum for throws like that... YUCK!
failed again today; still broke
.:My eyes have become the Moon. Wake up to dark, sleep while it's light:.
RT : If you want a true friend, rescue a shelter dog - Amen to that!
Happy 166th birthday Milwaukee! Glad you've got us beat by 80 years!
Get your TAN ON for Spring Break *Specials* Buy ANY UV Tan for $9.33 (Limit 3) Buy 5 Instant Tans for $75! Students get 30% off ANY one item
as do I. I watch most of them twice so i can really pay attention to the young guys. Time to watch some games on my DVR!
you ladies want to hit up Boylan Bridge later? It's gorgeous out!
Ouch. That's a sad statistic! RT : In a recent survey, 39% of adults say marriage has become obsolete.
Overwhelmed by the presence of God! I love leading worship!
We made it to Ohio! In temp housing now, but searching for a new home.
Tonight. Battle of the bands. Bulldog Alley. 8:30PM. Ready to Rock.
Also: We love this project:
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
Breakfast @ monona terrace with
Imagination has brought mankind through the dark ages to its present state of civilization
RT : It's a HUMPDAY extended version of the HOT MIX @ 5 w/ on ... TURN IT UP!!! Its a party
Streamlining - decorated the tree in a record 12 minutes this year.
omg I know. He just fucking dies! Wtf!
real talk. Nothing by the realist! I'd suggest you follow.
Just checked final grades. Passed everything & GPA is still above 3! Yes!!!
“: tramp” rude
#Cowboys score early in the first but since then has been a battle of field position. #Jets can't seem to get it going on offense
School tomorrow
Happy monday. Mothers day was great. Now off to the gym to work off all the food I ate.
Superintendent McCarthy to NATO protesters: Come to Chicago. First Amendment rights respected. Criminal activity will not be tolerated.
smile for all them haters
Mariners win in dramatic fashion. 3-run homer in the bottom of the 8th. Shut out the Oakland A's. Plus, garlic fries.
I love that my neighbors let their dog out without a leash. Love a barking dog running at me at 5:45AM.
"You can't say pussy properly, you sound like a DICKHEADDDD" - ctfu i love her😭😂
has been fouled out PLEASE do not punch anything
A bunch of people use words but they dont even know wtf is coming out of their mouth!
Thanks! RT : hey guys I hope you are following - a great resource for local T's.
Love RhyHow! Finally got seated and now will watch the boys dote on Suzanne.
Travel CHannel has the most flavor.
why do you have such horrible partner support? no one EVER answers my emails.
Today I saw some guy watering the sidewalk on 2nd Ave. MLINY
I can't wait for another holiday do then I have an excuse to tweet to and wait, I just did! Hah love you guys <3
yes come visit!!!!
Why can't we have a TV show without a bunch of sex in it?
Had a great day @ FL Dem Party's Jefferson Jackson event.I enjoyed speaking to all the caucuses.Thank u to all my supporters who came out!
Early morning practice. Let's go. Tell a friend about Color Me Valiant today, dont be square.
*flattens myself against the wall as run past me. Quirks brow at following. Shtugs* ah yes, the emotions
It's sad but true. Diet coke really does taste better from Styrofoam cups.
Thanks for the RTs:-)
So hot out
Definitely not, but most of the others are usual suspects like Oakland, etc.
Seriously, allergies - what gives?
Ludovic Borce got his start composing for commercials. I wonder if he's the mad man behind "Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now!"
Officially finished with officership for Phi lamb. This is such a weird feeling. praise the Lord for His sovereignty
We are releasing a live vid for John Stokedton tonight! Be the first to catch it and comment ;]
Up later than usual watching made for TV movies. Hilarity in Censorship.
yeah its at -3
Any old school ? :]
I am just listing all your corrections and how I addressed them. I am assuming it's informal but should we provide page numbers?
I am with you on that.. if you get that app friend and we can push together...
Its almost sweet tooth time! Chocolate or carrot cupcakes for $1 or $2 at 3p, loading dock at the corner of NW 13th & Hoyt.
We may have some really cool stuff coming up soon. Details as we find out.
i can be your friend
I just want to throw my phone away, found out who is really there for me ~
HOLY COW
now following.. thanks for connecting
Congratulations again! MT : Lots of response to the launch of www.carolinapublicpress.org, including word from !
You wonder how many many NBA owners are determined to start season on time - and how just aren't.
2011.10.05 #postseason #Diamondbacks 5 #Brewers 2 in 3rd | Another grand slam / let's get it out of the way / and get some runs back
Over thinking <<<<
hope to see u guys tonight at Bowery Poetry club... for the full 11-piece band experience haha... 11pm
Las Vegas realtors looking for a reliable pressure washer turn to Able and Ready when they want the job done right.
Still looking for #Unix #Systems #Engineers for
Well only if the weathermen are right
Make sure to go to our download here tab above to get our EP's for FREE!
Seriously!!! Haha! “: /wish i was with U GURLLLLLLLL.....SERIOUSLY? SERIOUSLY!”
All black lifted trucks are so sexy. Any man who has a truck like that instantly has my heart.
i will check it out; thank you!
"Ladies and Gays" ~ Sue Sylvester. You dirty cougar get away from Blaine's brother cause then you're going to be Kurts step-sister
Q3: One-click filter is when you just want to see stuff from your contacts.
where can I buy a shirt?
Yey, happy b-day! Me and the mrs are planning our staycation as we speak!
Just turned on the Kentucky game. Are the Cats playing Marathon Oil or Athletes in Action?
Thank U for the support! If the LORD says the same we will be working together real soon! :)
You mean like words symbolizing other things?
have fun!
When I go 'back' to Forest Hills next year, I'm going to ignore the bitches who don't know how to forget the past. It's called growing up.
Dressed in 1890s garb? Check. Testing? Check. Resting? Never!
Considering a schedule that will have online and offline 111 classes on different essay schedules. It only makes sense
Can everyone go and like all of his videos. He is so cute and so amazing too. Wow, lets get him noticed. Ok? Thanks <3<3<3<3
Still hoping to see Newbery videos with Legos....
Mass, then cooking dinner for the family. Happy Easter everyone.
The Bascom Group Pays $20M for Repositioned Apartment
thank you! Have a great day
I was an oppressed Catholic School Girl.
What is a child worth? As much or as little as child believes.
Sunset , riverside, fourwheel drive and a tail light circle
Today felt like a Friday
Rigorous training builds strong ascedians RT I don't discriminate on my "hard time" giving
Funny how you're following me now. Funny.
I really don't care anymore
New South Florida Alerts today! See what's going on in South Florida. #southfloridaalerts #southflorida www.southfloridaalerts.com
Make your face look like a different face.
You know you like it. =P
-- Not Den Derrick Rose , Paul Take That Shit To The Rack Getting His Shit Toss , He Not Even Better Then WestBrook
I sure am, we're rolling deep to the LATE Ride!
I really should have taken a nap today.
Our Sea Bass pairs perfect with the #WIneWednesday 1/2 Priced bottle of Flowers 'Andreen Gale' Chardonnay-Tonight $55/bottle
that's good. it doesn't look too bad.
gotta get on the new one, its awesome!
someone should tell her not to wear her heart. ON HER SLEEVE. Cause thats just not smart. -Me
RT : Think like a man was a good movie def a good message to it
omg bristny is so annoying bro i can take no more bro fuck bro
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: A mother talks abt a bullet just missing her 3 mo. old baby in her bassinet this morning!
But if you never try you'll never know just what you're worth
uhm what's your number fooo? ;)
no it is Wednesday April 25th
“: Happy Birthday karleeelovesyou !Love you! :)” thank you :) I love you, too. :)
Cellar Dark should be on at The Inferno
math & spanish trimesters tomorroww #soeasyy (y)
fast life, drug life, thug life, rock life, every night!
bumpin det dolph S T U P I D !
Holy hell...
Thankyou for listening! Make sure to like us on Facebook so when we reach 500 likes we can post a new song! :)
Thanks, Robert! I added you to my "Marketing Experts" list. :) -Benjamin
My mom is truly an inspiration to me.
Great day of interviews! Thanks AGT TEAM
i haven't played it in such a long time.
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 720-542-6105...I'm answering the phones!!!!
Or you're doing it right.
I have every intention of turning happy hour into a happy evening.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
Uneventful flight. On train to Rotterdam.
That's how I claim to know you. :D
I wish I wrote more in the twitlonger. Really I do. I wish I would've told Justin in detail how much fucking strength he gives me. How happy
The coat I got for at @ gets compliments EVERY DAY. I'm quite a good shopper.
Good Morning twitter, have a happy Hump Day, much love the AI crew!
so that's what's going on in #redsquare ...
Tip 'o the Hat to the #librarians who put Tintin in the library when I was a kid even though the books were still in French.
Book is all consuming. Really hard to concentrate on anything else.
I will!
Everyones saying its national kiss day.. where you at m8? muah! ;*
Wondering why the band get's more photo views than plays on social networking sites. Apparently we are more better looking than talented.
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!
Ought Oh.. Keep us posted, Tracy!
Um bout to call you ma'am so I can give you a quick lesson LOL smh
that's great brother! That's 18 men destroying black men stereo types.
#TwitterTip Be generous with your Re-tweets and in time you will be noticed. via
much better knowin my baby's good!
Adele has more balls than the limp dick foo fighters.
can u tell PaigeBieber_1D to unblock me idk I did nothing I cant follow her
oh, I'm not sweatin' it. I just don't understand how I've had weird follows lately, but am still under the devil #!
Yea. What time is it there?
looking into it now
Alan Rosenberg says his son can't write cursive and either can his friends. Media is changing, too.
Waka plans to retire this year I'm estatic.
Yes indeed. :) It's only disturbing when it's during "Singing Down in Dixie", though.
"No" is also one of my most despised words. However, I am also not a fan of "MINE!"
Councilman Cecil Thomas said at the Fire Fighters Dinner that he will join the Walk!
You see, I'm one of those people who lived sensibly and sanely hour after hour, day after day
That sucks.
thank you to my new fans!!!!you rock. welcome
Of course Bo Ryan gets a contract extension.
Confucius say...Crowded elevator smells different to midgets.
You must have been reading my mind. It is exhausting. Happy Mother's Day! DW
I'm right there with you!
Thanks for processing my credit card payment twice. That's just what I needed this week.
So you see no difference? Are you saying the SEALs that got OBL did the same thing as OBL then?
Which fast food joint has the best Oreo shake? Quick quick!! I need suggestions :)
Tweet me.I need people to chat with to get my mind over this.Who wants to make a twitter group of friends?<3
Thanks, you smelly Vag pants.
BEYOND THE BADGE 5K Run/Walk, Sept. 25 Also a 1.5-mile Family Stroll. Teams & Individuals. Register now! www.Love2Run5K.com
I freaking love him lol
The Most Perverted Vegans in the World.
Hey there! Thanks for following us!
What has a better chance of happening: Financial Reform in November or #prop8 when it reaches #SCTOUS?
RT : Plenary speaker Steven Johnson will sign his books @ the EBSCO booth after the McGovern Lecture. Bring your copy.
Getting ready to head back...boy do I miss the Texas state of mind. Good to be back if only for the weekend.
Be generous with praises but cautious with promises!
ok now it works:) who likes my bg?? :D
Great big fella! Good to hear from ya. U doing alright?
If you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting.
Good morning Ironmen!!!!
Does anyone know when will be playing ?
Physical play is now being rewarded by a lot of fouls being called!
hahah yeah at least i'm not the only one! i'm sure other people won't do it too
I wanna throw a party.
appreciate it! it's off the chain around here! #doingbigthings! Thanks for the compliment!
Thanks for the RT :-).
Gentleman, remember to be a noble prince...not a scurvy knave
Dude that just said twitter is stupid <<<<<
Jeffrey uses too - unlike taking notes on your Iphone, this enables us to tag notes & become more organized
Destination Vacation! If you could get on plane and fly to anywhere in the world for your very own private concert, where would you go...
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
that is true huh lol well I might be taking classes at fade this summer I don't know yet
u have be specific delayed but not denied...
we need to sign Andre the keeper.
Meet the Grantmakers is gearing up!
What is happening to #NBA stars? #Kobe #CP3 #Dwade all playing like me... Horrible!
let's boat out of state and go clubbing ;)
So my sister finally decided to shower after a couple days
That's a wrap for me and #SundayBest Season 5 Auditions.... Dallas, DC, ATL and St. Louis. Nice journey and fun moments :)
No you won't...make sure you follow the directions, and you'll feel fantastic.
Live jazz tonight at The Palm Court in The Drake Hotel featuring The Rose Colella Quartet 9-12:30 thedrakehotel.com
living on the edge that's how...haha
CALL FOR TICKETS
forget it :(
down, let's make some images
I hate when people say they gone do something & don't do it
" just a slug with twitter on her belly"
Any stops in SF. Ended up at Philz near 24th & Mission. Good wifi but not that comfortable.
I'm so happy for/proud of you! Yay!
Thats right baby thats what we do
you still do it, hypocrite. :b
I wouldn't have it any other way!
And Wieters redeems himself for several earlier bad swings tonight.
I think switching between #hgtv and #msnbc at gym says a lot about my personality...
Who do you think are the top 3 rappers out right now?
Excellent point on Troyzan needing to save it for the confessional.
Thank you brewers for letting us down.
Getting washed up here on Westbrae. They did a good job. Now gotta finish the rest of my shopping itz my son bday wknd gotta find me sumthg
The purpose of a manuscript is to stay alive long enough to be copied.
I would kill to see Tropical Malady on the big screen. One of my favorites ever. If you guys could pull that off...
You don't know you're beautiful?
yea it's horrible as a working musician flying... The airlines suck... #boycott.... POOF !!!
when youre a bitch to someone.. then you feel bad after
Am in love wit a pigx:-)
depending on the gifting friend's means, of course.
Please tell me how I can visit the iCarly set, you have no idea how much I want to meet the cast. I live in LA too so it's possible
Shout out to my guurll ! Follow her!
I love this picture of Criss
good morning to you sir!
RT : #tnt2 #heweb11:Awesome idea-allow students to submit:30 videos to celebrate faculty&staff who helped them to graduate
lmaoo the worst decisions always make the best stories :P
I'll add my voice here as well. Good luck tomorrow! :)
happy mothers day!!
Has anyone seen #Limitless?One of my faves. Feel like I took some NZT and all circuits are firing. Look out #awesome I'm coming for you!
Thanks guys. I was so confused. That could've really backfired.
A1: Love social networking for books. Please see German site TUBUK, which is Goodreads/Amazon/facebook hybrid
yep, lots of risks. not something a president facing a difficult reelection campaign usually does.
im not restin til i reach my goals
California Governor at the time and Marine veteran Pete Wilson getting a shoutout in a Tupac song.
Yelling at Siri about a recipe: "Does it look like a Bisque? Does it look... like a bisque?!?!?!"
Santa is the biggest pimp. He comes and goes in less than 5 minutes, calls you a HO, and leaves before you get up.
That shit. Is done.
Yo you in chicago w the trio?
O PLEAS BELIEVE I WONT B
The idea that it was conceived of as good by any one at any point is equally bonkers.
being a father lol
Oh the media! The PAtriot Way is still intact but thanks for making it super strong!
Thanks for following check out our website and join us! Free advertising for local businesses! Tell a friend!
about to hit the stage!
you are very ignorant to say that everything in the bible is relevant, have you read it lmao ?
we love you too!
Because the PDS customer base is a very unique and specific group of people, traditional methods of marketing simply weren’t working
Hi Mikayla Thx for the follow. Boiling Springs... That could get uncomfortable. Best
haha I know. Your weird like that ;)
": The price of freedom is not free.Please remember all American #Veterans today,especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice."
sorry i didnt see your reply, yess haha my books going to be featured at the Academy awards!
Just once I would like to get on the deans list...just once >_< and i'll be somewhat satisfied with myself!! D:
IF YOU CAN TEACH ME SOMETHING NEW, I WILL REALLY APPRECIATE YOU....
Now it's time to sit back, relax, and enjoy the music :)
great that's .0083% of abortions that I don't have to pay for, the reality is it will take a lot of small cuts ()
in Pioneertown, CA would make a perfect setting for this tour.
I did using costcos online service thru stationary.com. Letterpress. Really pretty and great price. Gatsby was also really good 2!
That actually sounds like bits of several movies: Independence Day, Stargate, Fire In the Sky, & The Forgotten come to mind
miss you, you joben!! 2 months and counting!
Time to vOte!!
#Blues music all night long. The Blues Orphans will be in the #speakeasy. One of the best local groups and we love having them.
Schweet! Let's go #Celtics! Should be an awesome game!
Two classes and the weekend begins! Miranda, Chris, and Jerrod tonight!
Has your NYE resolution weight loss slowed? Don't forget to change-up your routines regularly to keep your body guessing!
Collins decision to pull Turner (9-15 at the time) for Louis Williams (3-8 at said point)....continue
in a way I rather see Spuds out of the CL
Commissioner Smiley, "This is a land use item." Inference---community input of little import.
thanks for answering my questions (about acne) and my Mom's (weight loss)
Brb , drowning in the sea . Sinking to the bottom .
lol that phone prolly look like a giant to you
don't be fooled...Reggie only skips the hat to save his hair!! I don't have any hair to worry about!!
excited for the opening!
praying for you & a quick recovery!
Loosing keys to work vehicle = NOT GOOD!!
Still got the taste of the weekend !!!...I'm thinking about going 2 the club after work ...
Whenever I try to eat less carbs it lasts about two days, and then I eat all the carbs I missed in one sitting.
Yeah, it's disappointing so far.
I need to get a job.
If healthcare is a biz - u get treated like one. Meaning someone has to profit and it ain't the sick.
They just haven't caught up with me yet.
Thanx for the Twitter love Mike
Evening all bet you wish you were down the gym
cuz I talk bad about him and my mom's relationship lol
you're such a creeper :) creepin' on people all the time <>
On July 9. 1825 a gas balloon was launched from Castle Garden with General de Lafayette in attendance.
I swear... Sometimes, I want to rip my fucking hair out -.-
Q : How did you met Justin ? A : We met in Atlanta, he was dating my sis. I found him cool and then we became friends and blablabla...
- so great to see you on Leno!!
that is definitely a nice place to be eat a sandwich!
Did you know that we have an association in S.W. Louisiana? They're meeting May 13. @ reply for info!
hell yeah, good call i agree shits annoying but i have no idea #helpme :/
: in managing social content, important to have a good data source such as which is what uses.
If God's listens to gay men then absolutely!
ewww..yeha i have my last biology paper next monday! all my exmas are over by the 29th of may! so excited :)
I hate when im eating cereal and the last 3-5 peices are like "Catch me if you can nigga!
Holy balls, I'm tired. Warped was amazing though :).
A ringing endorsement. :-)
he's still out??
it's snowing. woohoo. that means it's time for the panda hat. yup. panda hat. :)
see you tomorrow! Im landing in LAX :30. Excited to work the #JessicaSimpsonCollection again with you!
Why thank you Ms. Battiste it just happens to run in our family ;)
My next class is physics....i hate that class -_-
Getting treated like shit is never fun =/
How you goin??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Your such a strong girl!!! Don't let anything stop you!!! 😊
Woo! Congrats Sean R!
Well put.
Congrats to the Sonics....I mean #Thunder for crushing the #Mavericks. I am still mad at Howard for selling the team.
So very true!! It's really embarrassing.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! I dated an Irish girl once.... I wonder if she's outta jail yet??!!!
hey you! How's life!
Amazing video shoot yesterday for Unwell. 12 hours of hard work. What a great team. Thanks to
Sending love to my newest followers
yuh can't scare me away, if m going anywhere its probably too far
not today. Just got back to Seattle from Japan tonight. Sleep soon.
Just met top officials at US Securities & Exchange Commission in DC to demand disclosure of corp. election spending. Must keep up the heat!
I think there are few things I love more than cooking and baking and then eating it all with my friends :)
Just heard Candlebox on the radio & was instantly taken back to High School parties & when we saw them play at a small club on our honeymoon
what did you think of that ranger win!? Crazy. Best year ever for NY sports
Me:OMG ...My BF:What...ME:Harry Stylis is so hot i just saw a pic...My BF:I thought i was hot ...Me:yeah u could say that but harry hottier
The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet!!
different job and i am applying every where i can think of.
Thank you!
Thanks, Mary Jane ;)
I agree 100%
I'm DONE trying.. DONE.
I don't even think God can help us with that one...
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
I'm so tired... so I'm gonna sleep:) I shall dream of my lover penises tonight:) LOL
Thank you! RT : Good book! MT En route to dinner w/Steve Hoffman, fr book The Imaginations of Unreasonable Men
I retract my previous statement!
we're working hard to make buying and selling super easy. Follow us for updates.
Duke leads Michigan 66-55 in the 2nd quarter.
yeah! i've gotten to meet him about 5 times :p what about you? and thats what im hoping for! :)
F everybody. Had the worst day ever. Hopefully it'll get a little better, bouta swim w/ my cousin loves. But I'm out. No one hmu.
#Phillies Cole Hamels suspended five games and fined undisclosed amount. Hamels could pitch Sunday against Padres.
Happy Platypus Day Everyone
resistance to new ideas is often differences in mental models; explore to expose & expand
And steak.
Everyones on Jonny Craig dick and they don't even know who he is lolzz.
we can try
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
already my nig!
Robin Hood: Prince of Themes is on TV tonight, and I can't stop looking at Costner's mullet.
#20topfavouritesongsever Nas - The World is Yours
Going to go camping one weekend, who wants to come :D
sean penn can burn in hell, same with bruce springsteen
been great!! you??
Our best player OG scores again!
Maybe he was hungry? What kind of restaurant was it?
Yeah he do... lmao.
You should know that you're in the running to become my apple of choice, replacing the
It's good if it's under 1 minute. Dramatic or Comedic. Age appropriate to the range you play. (:
What exactly does "Jo Smith added you back" mean on Google+?
glad i got my music n beatz back, cuz i swear other stuff is killin me right now...
Pale ass girl wearing shorts and uggs walking down downtown Milftown...
If City loses this, it have to be one of the biggest chokes in history.
follow back?
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i will hopefully hug a certain someone
I don't mind 2 women getting married. Real players know the more ass in the house the better. If she suck pussy she ain't faithful
May I have your attention please... May the real Slim Shady stand up?
RT Fuckin yelawolf is gon be at rtb. DONT MAKE ME GO POP THA TRUNK.. ON YOU ←listening to that as we speak O_o
I would give my right arm for this!
Theres only one head bitch...ME!!!
lol I would've blocked her after that. Stick it to the man! well.. Woman..
#visionconf Yes! Millenials are ready to be "wired in" to conserve our future ;-) lets do this!
Can't sleep dreaming with my eyes open
I haven't sent y'all the intro yet... Produced by
If They Only Televised Real Niggas You'd See Less Footage
Ads that portral #multiculti talent as target see better results via YES! is good at this
It is always the wrong time of month.
Admitting universal DLib is technically feasible; but omitting necessity for providing exquisite resources & services for acceptance
thanks chan miss you too!
#ILoveHow You're the best perspn to call my inspiration <3
Hair Cut... Photoshoot in two weeks, can't wait for everyone to see 😘😲
I think/hope Vamp Elena will be more like Elijah ...
Off to watch Anna Bolena opera w Megan. After last night, it's ironic to watch Henry VI kill his wife as something to cheer me up
Hi Joe's Crab Shack....
#Spanish lesson for the day. An "H" at the beginning of a word is silent. Example, Hacienda is really (A-Cien-Da).
": If I was able to tell my story with passion, my lecture might help others find a path to fulfilling their own dreams
great work! It's nice to see that the Found. values both recording performances AND preserving them for the future.
#followFriday Follow , great marketing for celebrities!
Wondering why Twitter is recommending that I follow pro golfers and Nascar drivers??
No, we unfortunately didn't have spreadsheet as a category for technology, genre, or place. . .
Just when things are getting ugly, they scrap hard to get that extra goal. 2 legit 2 quit. Go Timbers!
Yesterday, Lisa Jarmon got the surprise of a lifetime on She’s getting a brand new KB Home. Watch the video:...
You can download our songs for FREE too:)
exactly. Franchise him twice. After that he'll be entering his 7th yr. RB's aren't too productive that late in their career
Hell Yeahh! Blue Slide Park Is Now On iTunes.
She finished in 5:35.12. Hopefully she'll let us know how she's doing soon. Must have been brutal at 85 degrees.
fluffy cats FULLY ENDORSE second breakfast
Absolutely, reach out to Dale Hartwig, NE Ohio District Leage Coordinator at for help finding a league
thanks to all my peeples who threw me up on ya list i see you! :) feel free to add me on your list :)
I wish I had long hair.
could you DM me an email address? Have some things you may like to check out, but the email on your site said over quota.
ill be in ct June 7
Another song for my new album is almost done! Can't wait to release it!!!
Terminator 3, dry firing the 9mm and slamming wine. Happy new years eve!
Multi-tasking in the studio...marketing, guitar maintenance, producing, teaching music students.
Jeremiah feared his youth somehow disqualified him from his destiny. Don't let what you won't always be hold you back from divine destiny!
Is really laughing about her brother falling while noone was home & him somehow falling on his phone & calling the cops?! HA!
Not unlike a #coxcable priest letting me pray directly to #God, in the Catholic vs Protestant sense.
Wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch
peace.✌ punch.👊 capt'n crunch.🍝
If you're incoherent ... wow. That bears much thinking and consideration ... thank you!
Shouldn't have listened to them
Gilt Group is the No.1 competitor for magazine talent via FASCINATING
well, if naked pillow fights with gay boys is your thing, then I'm down!
- I just want to be able to follow more people... There are too many interesting things going on!
Hey is it true you own the last air-cooled 993?
And interesting question came up in the office... Do you prefer local cover bands or local original bands? Which are more appealing to you?
Michael Doyle talking about holistic branding at Denver metro chamber of commerce.
you reply hella slow
Liberals would sell out the USA to any enemy, capitulate, for their version of socialist peace! PEACE AT ANY PRICE, IS TOO HIGH OF A PRICE!
DC hack sounds good. Let's catch up
I did NOT want to bail. was lying.
Blackhawks lose, DRose tears ACL, baseball teams blow...one of the worst weeks in Chicago sports history! When does football start?
quality start? Is that a joke? He had a 40+ pitch inning against the terrible Padres offense.
lack of fake blood running out your nose there...
this algebra study guide is hard af. It's too many problems!
"Agreed! ☺ : Totally! Listen more, Hurt less!"
: RT : BREAKING: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead, according to spokesman Paul Shefrin
Stay away from energy drinks, they're loaded with sugar! And if they say 0 sugar they'll have artificial sweeteners. Stick to tea!
About 100k Californians about to lose their unemployment benefits. Why a drop in the unemployment rate isn't a good thing for them.
Just had a 'one and fun' at the bar, made by Lorenzo. Thanks for the heads-up; 'twas a fine espresso experience!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Have you seen the Part 3 shout-out in 30 Mins or Less?
Looks like you need to find a new dry cleaner.
ha!! No way
This is also my favorite of theirs, and I saw at least half performed live many moons ago, great memory.
Haha me too. And thank you! I like your name too!
Codys album isn't coming out til August. I won't be listening to Simpson on the way to Washington DC & Tennesee this summer :c </3
Plus it's probably still snowing up there.
: The bouncer at the party just took my...CISSP card as valid id #ShmooCon” lulz < validates douchebaggery?
Finally about to cook, can u say hungry,lol
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 30
that's awesome. I want to see pictures some day
yo. i gave up facebook 4 lent. if u need a chuckle, check out & especially coatesy.
Are the same 6 of you clicking my photo links every time, or is it kinda random?
Good morning beautiful, beautiful Sunday!
likewise. It went really well! I'm gonna throw the video online next week or so. Can't wait to come to CHI town soon!
5 more minutes until the drawing! 1 new follower and whoever recommends them to follow get a free copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
Wade sit down.
God is good
You may need to find a local butcher. To me it looks similar to the cut of beef used for most carne asada
super jelly. gambino is a mastermind
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber!
#fuckfriendship. its complete and utter bullshit.
Hey Devon! :D Are you going to be answering questions now?
eating some firehouse subs. m m
A+ for service so far #montage spa deer valley
Just ran into a guy I haven't seen in 30 years. He doesn't look anything like I remembered. That's a eye opener.
I didn't know that a baby can sleep so WILD.
LOL...so all the people who bought those stupid "shape up" shoes, like the three in my building, we're scammed! Too funny!
thanks for the tweet sean! hope to see you there!
Happy Mom Day
⁰RT/ I just got 2 hear a bit of your music...very talented group u are!
"We need to to learn not to fear illnesses of the brain,"
That's true. They should have suspended him for 5 starts. That would have made more sense. I'm still happy that he's suspended tho
Hilarious. My dad used to call me that sometimes when I was little!
Good Morning, Milwaukee! We're up and at 'em early, thrilled to be hosting 's Cabinet Meeting in our new space. Welcome!
dude! Returned your phone call.. No answer :(
My sinus allergies are bothering me so badly today a casual observer would think I'm jonesing for a hit of cocaine. Itchy, itchy, itchy!
This is funny, the little snowman Nicki & Ben made has a Twitter account. #bachelor All Courtney can make is Emily cry.
Yummy Moms making Cinnamon Rolls they smell so good
HEP co-sponsoring the 24th annual Gospel Fest today. Got rained out before I could get a picture of our banner onstage! Reconvening shortly
Seriously. He thinks I'm being a wuss, but I keep thinking they're going to start talking. Got his first as a post-tour tip, got the bug.
it worked! Haha thanks
The Texans are a much better football team than their record indicates. Stay positive fellas - your time will come!
I'm so blessed
but if the folks i knew ever said "meme," they never said it around me. to your credit, you were sick of "blogosphere" before most.
My dad is tight as fuck!
jon please dont encourage her...
Just won my soccer game and made a goal!!!(: I #love soccer <3
yo cat. I'll definitely try to support when u touch down in DC. I'm playing thu-sat but Sunday is open now. Big up!!
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Watching Brewers and Badgers from Twin Cities. They're so jealous here
I'm never on this account anymore..... Go follow my other one--->>>
Omw to school lets see what today brings
RT : Outdoor game at soldier field against Minnesota next year. #badgers >> Was Hobbs already booked or something? Should be fun!
Thx! Must admit, we got a llittle excited that ppl liked the post (there may have been an OMG! involved)
Leading worship at the #worshipcircle this Saturday at Eastern Hills Baptist Church in Garland at 7:30 PM. Boom chika boom.
Just accepted a job at J.Crew. :)
Hey Andrew. Thank you for an awesome six years and a ton of support for Milwaukee's hungry! Best of luck to you in G.S.!!!!
I'd love to see make a green #windowsphone Lumia 900 with #kiddori preinstalled. Something for to carry. :-)
Celebrating something or wanting a cheap, but upscale night out??? MENTION TO US "I WANT THAT DEAL" for $100 bottles/table special!
You know that quote? “...Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea." - yep... me too. :(
u don't have to tweet me I'm sitting next to u.
So excited to find #vegan #peanutfree #nutfree marshmallow
Enjoying some oatmeal then off to bed
“: reading all the tweets about has me so excited cant wait to see what they have in store to celebrate Easter "
#fridayreads Love-love-loving Moon Over Manifest!
Lakers disappointing me!
Cool! RT : #RunLA I've found it easier to run using iPhone app, cadence.fm. Plays songs at 180bpm. Keeps you in the flow.
The vendor meeting trifecta today: one each of VOIP, phone, and in person. Think I need a martini.
Me & hate watching fights with amateur boxing fans
I'm gonna go to work today and play guitar. Have fun with whatever it is you do.
NFL football at Fatso's!
Nah, thx, I got the missus swinging by on her way
Working on my vintage 80s geek t-shirt collection. I have voltron, king's quest, and the oregon trail so far...
If the #SKYFALL teaser poster doesn't have Bond missing a leg then I won't have it!!
Noon is too early for a hockey game.
yes!! get them :) lmao they are a lot of fun
Many Royals have done so, most recently Joe Randa. Less common now, with such crazy money they can have two homes.
One page, please! When I see 'next page,' I usually click off
Sum head will be nice right about now
...or just play in the orchestra. He told me his great happiness was seeing one of his kids follow his heart and passion
No matter where you are going you need others to help you get there.
what kind of error message does it give you?
#Question Who is your favorite Islander?
Does anyone have a good job board recommendation for the San Diego area? Craigslist has been lacking lately!
Follow follow follow follow follow the yellow brick road... To my twitter page
of course has no reservations available during BEA.
Beautiful Blue fin number 1++++ fatty and fattest tuna arrive right now, come quick folks.
Awake  and as usual i missed just about evey single one of tweets last night  maybe il be lucky today tho 
Seeking Him Is the beginning to wisdom. Neither books nor education can teach the un-phatomable love. Only God can unlock this wisdom
Writing about #vday. Anyone start dating in the last month?
I was in the front!! Basically in the gate thing because people kept pushing me ha!
I smell a 2 hitter RT Padres call up former Brewer Jeff Suppan to start Wed. He's 12-2 lifetime vs Brewers in 20 starts.
Paying an in house artist $15-$20/hr for 8 hours a day?? That's fine if they're busy 8hrs a day 40hrs a week....
“: Love can not grow without passion. ❤ Greek Proverb” but would you want it to?
Need something to do .
Tons of attendees here, getting sessions into slots now. This is great!
jealousy if flowing through me right now!
happy birthday bro! Couldn't be happier for a Mavs fan and fellow Arsenal fan. Btw Dirk shouted u guys out at AllStars !
RT if you believe that Justin Bieber is Beautiful ♥ ♥ ♥
may the schwartz be with you!
The moto saloon has a tempeh reuben and an ipa for me and it wins for best place in cville, yeah.
Let's see a pic of those new TShirts, man!
Just got finished resting my eyeballs....
my new trainer rocks! did planks, pushups & arm weights, squats whew..and after ran on the treadmill for 20 min. I am running again yea!! ;)
tonight with the family!! We are going to celebrate for my boy who just got famous
Waiting around for a phone call <
you can tell when you've become a real open source developer when even the most innocuous questions send you into burning internal rage.
hmm, from the looks of my speed, maybe one before tomorrow and maybe five within the end of April haha
$14 in ATM fees huh? I'm sorry u dont have banks in SF but dont charge me for it. Im sorry this isn't working, it's you not me
Me too but hoping it passes through by the time I leave work =)
work work all day long
Good Morning, i think. Here i am working another full weekend. After 3 months of working every Sat and Sun, i finally got two Suns off in
Ah studio life, you can be so tedious.
Jim: about time for a catch-up call, yes? you know how to reach me & I'll have a car getting worked on from 8-10a CST so try me!
#Clippers just scored 9 points in about 33 seconds to close out 1st half, gotta love it.
Haha no problem :) You'll have fun with it!
RU tapping 's email to figure out conversations she's having? You didn't even establish what Breitbart ppl were there.
Tweet me who is the cutest in #OneDirection ? ♥
i love hearing all the boo's when steps up to the plate in stl.
Spoken like a true wise man.
Parker is so dope!!! Poolside lemonade is trouble.....
thank you so much youre perfect <3 i really appreciate it
#Transformers, more than meets the eye.
important people.
where that be big O?
whats good wit ya?
I put some funk in the air for moms dukes,this one goes to our moms.
happy fathers day to every dad in the wrld luv u dad and always had
no freakin idea!
"If America has a future, Jazz has a future. The two are inseparable." George Russell: Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization
We finally had rain last night, and then today we were upgraded to stricter water conservation rules. Makes sense, yes?
headed to MAINE for a few days <3
So who u talking bout on ur tweet
1 Game left in Valley play and we could have 6 teams tied for 3rd at 9-9 - or 6 teams tied for 8th depending on your viewpoint
Because of the weather system/snowfall that is expected to hit the Seattle area, we will be closing at 5:00pm today.
I hope she is on the mend and feeling better.
I have the day off. Looking to see something to make me say 'Yes! This is why I live in San Diego!' (Thinking Bull Taco today!)
no he used to but I blocked him by accident :(((
sounds like a plan.
Sign me up Archbishop Cooper!
Its so late I think ima wake up monday
the plural of analysis hurts me to say and type.
irrelevant. knicks are done.
#mudmelt Julia talking about connections and how this underpins her work in showcase!
"Due to the proprietary nature of the process, we will not share with you the criteria by which we detect personal orders. "
Hey, thanks for the follow! Your art is incredible, I'm def a fan!
aww are u okay!!
Totally ready to go back to the office and continue to work on social crisis plans after #mimatweet presentation!
Just hung up wit .. New video is boutta be tweakin!!
To the entire panel: how do you believe people can get more involved with the community to prevent violence?
just don't start wearing that greasy hair stuff. It's gross.
U niggas still wearing Aeropostale to the club? 👳🔫 kill yoself!!!
I think it's about the same for me -- I was 12, I am 44! (I worked the BBSs from my TI-99/4)
follow me!
Wow, way too much airtime has been spent tonight on the Marilyn statue coming down. I'm certain there's more pressing news in Chicago...
have you met yet?
Ah feels so good to play volleyball again! <3
Are you all caught up on Terrible People?? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year
Sea House in Napili Maui is off the charts amazing
goin to nelson's to ride before it get's dark
DVD review: The Song of Lunch via
Note to self: no one's mind has ever been changed by your internet snark, no matter how brilliantly worded.
Tonight! RT Playing in what seems like DC's little piece of Manhattan, Kramer Books and Afterwords Cafe 8pm
yes Rafi? Why are you sad?
And I don't feel guilty for wanting to feed our poor and homeless rather than worry about Kony 2012!
I am country. Thank you!! I am proud!
my point is that he is a kid. You're talking about the pinnacle of the sport...they are all talented
i might how do i enter?
Timberwolves' Kevin Love not w team for Monday's game against Pacers because of concussion and a neck strain.
Gettin ready to go to my homegirl wedding reception gna be a good night
*20 Years!* is celebrating their 20th Anniversary, & remains a fertile oasis in the TV wasteland.
Pastors' preach "Judge not Lest ye be Judged"
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others.
WFYW so thin, watching for a break....
Chris Bosh, MVP.
so youre in the semifinals now?
Heard Mariah Carey was hanging at The Abbey tonight. Who cares? I met Ethan & Barbara Gruska from at a piano bar tonight!
13:35 left in the third. Oakland leads Penn State 3-2
hahaha you love it 😁
Oh its my fav T-Ara song!
were you at the CVS on Beverly and La Cienega because that place SUCKS. Happens there all the time, sometimes with a mini riot.
more like.. life-partner bells. hahah.
hope you will be joining us!
#shoutout to my new #follower follow her now!
You like the red eclipse
I send u a direct message go read it
go king george beat those heat !!!!
Thanks for checking in with us , & !
Been editing for 3 years and i will not ever stop
I hope you start posting more workouts. I love how u use ur own version of Insnity in them. Keep doing your thing!
Had a long day fina lay it down for 2nite
not so sure about this kid yet
New long distance listener award, tune in to find out who & where
can I get a shoutout?
Thanks for the advice. The unit is covered now, but I think it's old and falling apart, so hopefully it's fixed by AT&T.
the next time ur told u aren't a 'real' journalist, ask the reporter how many ppl their work has gotten exonerated!
I miss you so much wah):
u just came from outta no where. Lol u ain't out partying??? Oh shit hold up did u just graduate!?
not that my vote counts for much but you still make me laugh! Chin up bud.
Two days until Mastermind screens at Comic-con! Thur 9:45, if you happen to be there.
Is gorgeous.
thinking it'd be kind of awesome if the Avengers opened to the dollhouse theme, and the heroes step out the coffins with :)
ben Tate or Toby gerhart
thought of you first.
Thanks man!
Well thank you =)
nice! Enjoy guys!
I love these tweets, they're powerful.
I'm so bored ;P what's up?
That means . Now following back
glad you liked it! I play the secretary!
in that leash, oh my gosh that was too funny. I always judge parents when I see their kids wearing those ridiculous things!
Send Direct Message if interested in playing in Fantasy Football League in Denver area. Draft will be Next SatorSun. Fee is only 25-50.
Cant go to sleep. But im tired?
Holy cow, all these #NFL tweets, I can hardly keep up.
Excellent! I'm also an alum as well as an employee. Small world :-)
Franciscan ROAD Clinic team is looking forward to seeing everyone 9 a.m. tomorrow at Marine Park for the 2012 Tacoma Arthritis Walk!
Transferring digital files- aka taking first steps towards digital preservation...
I can honestly say that "War Horse" has the most heroic plowing scene ever committed to film.
Haha, it's been a long day of fighting with ActiveRecord...
lol it's a catchy song!
I'm not stupid 😒
lol. It is if your weekend starts today! Like me. Lol.
Why did Bard not start the 8th?? The lead was only 2 runs....Tito blew this game.such a momentum killer for the win streak
Sacrifice is doing something you’ve never done to get something you never had. ~ Suzanne Evans
In San Juan. Enjoying ourselves.
Promotional idea: a series of three pieces that work together can increase your response rate by 50%
spain WILL get it, you guys just have to be a little patient so we can fix the language :)
Met tonight with West Side residents at New Covenant Baptist Church for a GOTV message.
I hate the fact that once I state that I'm afraid of feet, everyone wants to put their feet on me.
Character is higher than intellect... A great soul will be strong to live, as well as to think. -R W Emerson (via )
aye follow the rest of one direction! and mee:)
One more day of shooting...Stay tuned for the premiere of the first BWE original show -- "My Block"...
the suit in your profile pic is baller.. Who's the designer?
Lets go heat!!
Yeah ezra way to kick jackie out of your life! score 1 for Aria!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
top down in the winter dats wat winners do
We stuffed ourselves silly with breakfast type foods and then went to Phipps. Now, hanging out at home.
I'm just happy I know folks who feed me plenty of nommy treats! BOL!
You're very welcome, and I hope that you enjoy the rest of your birthday today as well.
Fayette County ordinance no alcohol sales after 6 PM tomorrow no bars open after 6 PM tomorrow this is in response to all the riots last nig
The Real truth is that the Government dont Count people who arent in the System for Unemployment, it's Probably 30 million people uneployed!
truth! get hip with it, UK!
need an update.
yay we should hang out when you do
Head on i've to FB and like our page!!! W.facebook.com/hailtherevolt
RT : New Physicians! Send me resolutions & issues you want discussed at #NCSC this week.
A mistrial
First day at Newsies today! So excited to be apart of it all! :)
great disney channel movie
": Instagram: "RodneySuccess" so go follow me, haven't had it that long. (RT if you got a Instagram)" kenziannhouston
If you're about to run a marathon & see a man from Kenya has also entered the race you might as well pack ur shit & head home 🏃
I've been following you for a while and just realized I'm in your dad's fiction class. He's really been plugging your book!
In $an Diego Sparks.....wheres the spot to on a West Coast Sat night?
your boxset lyrics were great! I laughed out loud and wanted to say thanks!
RT : - I am looking forward to my stay in May at the 2012 Solution Summit. We can't wait to see you!
Annoy prospects? I tweet them one time. Please show what interview or blog you've done lately. Oh wait...
this weather is going to be the death of my gpa
lol I hear people say things are gay all the time. So don't worry, I'm used to it. None taken. (:
well done, Duncan!
For #MusicMonday check out and
hey - customers have to locate their own cars? perhaps has an idea that would help improve service!
RT: Don't underestimate the things that I will do :)
Trying to sell stuff on Craigslist is always an interesting adventure in learning what your limits are.
making a video via social media can put a very personal face to a brand, but make sure it is relevant
I do know that about Zipf's Law. Just trying to delve deeper into how it's used to analyze language.
was the most amazing thing I ever experienced, he's a god 🙏🎵🎶
Van The MotherEeffin Man! & you can't tell me you don't feel the same!
should have known you'd be friends with Deborah - you both being cool Jersey moms & all. Love her.
Friday at Halligan Bar $3 Bud , Bud Light & New Castle Bottles & Domestic Drafts $3.50 Peach/Pear Absolut Drinks $5 BOMBS
Wow, if Ron Paul joins for VP, then The Mitser will get my vote.
Guys i want you to really cut us deep. tweet something REALLY mean at us.
Listen Live to Chris Farina Live on WINA talking about his film "World Peace and Other 4th Grade Achievements"
I love you! (: thanks for the live chats all the time! We love them!
I hate it when girls are bearly stretching and say "ouch it hurts", bitch this is nothing and you think we don't do anything in cheerleading
Tuning in. You should, too. RT : Football covered from coast to coast! Today & talk
it's my 36 year in a row with a sliver of hope. The disappointment is an old pal. I fear I'd miss it
Can't wait in march to have you baby
I'll do it.
" I don't care what they say it's our life we can dance if we want , make it feel alright"
I've grown pretty decent at hiding certain parts :) a big part of it is being obsessed with favorite things. Like adam :)
A big thanks to ! Welcome to the ranks of RDS FLIGHT LIEUTENANTS! Thank you for your generous support!
please follow she is you biggest fan!37
Have fun on your trip! Bring back a lemur for me.
YO GIRL GET YOUR ASS ON!
Hate your enemies with a whole heart & if a man smite you on the cheek, SMASH him on the other; self preservation is the highest law -LaVey
Sometimes life is just a big game of "Yay/Boo" in my head.
your amazing lil cousin!
Hey Zipsters: This is THE month to Refer-A-Friend! We'll give you $80 to split or give away! Limited time offer. bit.ly/dHlM98
i already followed her
I thought you were against Twitter being a diary? Ur giving in. haha RT I really need supervision.
Seems the top 1% of mobile users, says wireless consultant Arieso, consume about half the world’s bandwidth and “the gap is growing.”
Question of the day: What's a girl gotta do to get on Disney channel?
I'm out. Till we tweet again !!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Stuck on You
#ireallywant to make out with Roc royal, his lips though >>> ;] lmao
We're glad to have y'all! :)
Yes, *FLY* be FREE! RT : “: Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE! #musesocial”
I think they make a cute couple.
Welcome to my sex room
Thanks John for coming in!!
Lets Start Trending #iLove1DBecause (: !! GO GO GO.
"scan-ebego" needs to sell BBQ out of it, then I'll come there.
I don't follow the big accounts that don't follow back. psh. bitch please.
How can you save for retirement if you make 59 cents to the dollar?
I started cracking up when I saw that haha funniest thing I've seen all day
Just watched the trailer for 's new show- it looks so cute and funny!
The Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow begins tomorrow! Who do you think will set the pace on Day 1?
Hey I can't recall the model but it was pre logitech and shaped just like TripleFi 10 model
#favorite90smovie uh that would be a tie between cool runnings, heavyweights, baseketball, rookie of the year
Just in. Hospital Visits Due to Ecstasy Use Climb 75 Percent Between 2004 and 2008.
I'm at Art & Soul Gallery.
we love u Cash :D
well thank you sir, it went well :)
Today's goals: skim 3 books, write 2k words, dye hair, organize pantry, grade blogs, begin sort of spare room.
I always wonder if you miss me as much as i miss you...
In Honor of Elizabeth Taylor, I recommend everyone go see "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" Won Academy Award.
#afternoon #Brewers game helps.
Happy Trails and Good Luck to Everyone Headed to AAO. P.S. Yes, we see your tan!
Any updates on when the new blackberry is coming out?
I Need Some Food In My Life Right Now ,
i get message room is password protected?
Sexual Chocolate
Gotta go with the 980 supplier and not the CSN one then!
thanks. Appreciate that. Peace.
I don't really fuck with that. Don't hit me up only you want advice/help/or when you need a friend... I hate that shit.
I still love u Kanye!
Strictly business lol
My dog tries to stick her tongue in my mouth when I masturbate. It's distracting cause I can never figure out how she gets in the shower.
new cube, new outlook on life :) movin on up!
Thanks and you too babe. I wanna see you soon on E News, or something! ;-)
Focus 4 today: Live Life 2day as if its the last.Squeeze every ounce of Joy from every moment & feel it.Make peace w/ urself (via )
#dhtrial judge is basically relax and come back to it in the morning.and sometimes that will change things . (Paraphrase of her instruction)
dude i've been thinking about learning to arrow because it seems pretty cool!
The BankSimple blog is the most disappointing in my RSS Reader. Always an exciting title, but the content is always a bummer.
lol its ok :/
Attention EVERYONE. When referring to Dallas' NBA team ... Correct: Mavs or Mavericks. Incorrect: Mav's or Maverick's. Thank you.
thank you Rev! You were right on time with this one :)
Since Parra might not make the roster, looks like I need to bump up my next fav #Brewer: (Chris Narveson)
At least they may cover the spread
#IfICantHaveYou I don't want anybody. I love you Taryn, I just wish you could see that.
Far better then a text evicting you yes? Life is good.
You are beautiful! :) xx
I'm in a bad mood funk. Need some dives with my buddies and some narcosis to sort it out
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Best of luck to your bro!
Junior Seau rest in peace my friend! I can't conceive this, such a loss to fans, personal friends, family, omg! this is a horrific loss!.
for no reason! someones a little hostile! hahaha never knew id leave work with a black eye....
If you could do anything what would you do? Why aren't you doing it? Create a plan now....
ohh just saw that video! they are actually taking over the world. and we met them. just saying.
I hate you
Tune it to right now!!!
RT : JAMAICAN UNIFEST (Vincent parks, Lauderdale Lakes): We need 3 young, energetic, friendly, hard workin......
Narrowly avoided death on Hwy. 14 headed into MSN. Big wreck just outside cross plains. Expect delas
Good news: we got the new adorable place! Yay!!!! Now...let the packing begin.... dunn dunn dunnnnn..
Its not always about the things you can't do.. but the things you can do.
Well, it's better than running on aderall...I think...right? ;)
happy mothers day :)
I literally saw one today with a sign that said "I'm doing fine but anything extra helps." Wtf?!
Games and Social Networks as Next Generation Learning Experiences online now.
it's awesome out there! i was able to enjoy after i spent a year untangling those...
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you do not understand that you must learn self-control and balance.
I LOVE YOUU! Love you too little Raegann :) <3
thanks, but we are at !
and so does Craig James
The only thing that has changed in Roanoke is my tomato plants that my dinosaur has been taking care of
I have a few made already I would be willing to share. On publisher right now....
In on a Friday night, studying wine. Oddly enough, not drinking any.
the tag is #flashontap RT i think we all need to come up with an unique #tag for so we all stay connected :D
Wisconsin is banned from the bike.
meg is peeing!
tell rayray to follow me ok
Yep. A leopard NEVER changes its spots.
I guess we shouldn't steal all the thunder this week. So, IU hoops, enjoy this gift tonight compliments of your friends up north.
Can't get used to those college rims
Going to go buy a fitness ball now after that vid
the inner AI is coming outta U . you must b hanging with R-truth or JTG
Great seeing you today! We should do lunch sometime
Good Night, twitterazzi!
hahaha yes ! :D
Hey Candice. As you know I feature you a great deal on my Facebook Sports Business Industry page.
William Shakespeare~ Thy words I grant are bigger for I wear not my dagger in my mouth.
To do something tonight or not?
they stole your hairdo. I hope you're getting royalties! ^_^
RT : I love it when two sick brazilian jiu jitsu black belt sit in the pocket for 3 rounds and trade punches.
Although Golf was originally restricted to wealthy Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. -Dave Barry
deep face for the win : p
Free Delivery / Drop off this weekend only for Zip Codes 44109, 44126, 44138, 44144, and 44145. This includes all merchandise we sell.
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
#mythoughtsatschool why the fuck am I still here ?
I have no idea - it's been a couple days. What does it look like? Also, my apologies in advance.
You know the REPUBLICANS/DECEPTICONS love anything ridiculous/outrageous with their PARANOID SELVES. There will be no DENOUNCEMENT from MITT
Don't hurt yourself on your way to BEA this year.
what are you going to do after you lose tonight?
u should come
kudos to string cheese, if I had the resources will take on #ticketmaster, such an epic monster rip-off, fees are 50% of the tkt.
The Rev. Wright garbage didn't sell 4 years ago, have fun wasting your money on that again Republicans.
is wishing Saturday would be here already so i can go to warped :)
People should kiss EVERYDAY! = ) Happy National Kiss Day
Gorgeous day in Lauderdale and fun evening with my favorite #realtor, , at Rosie's.
On the DL with bronchitis since Thursday. Tired of being sick. Kind of losing my mind. Watching lots of #Archer today.
Everyting is beautiful!
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina,Tortillini Brodo, Ravoli florentine, Beef Barley, Cream of Mushroom, Lentil, Chicken & Orzo.M
can't believe i have to wait until tomorrow to watch #thebachelor :(
sadly, that is completely true!! #bestplaceever 😍💜
That is very true. The point of his gripe was just education.
Omg, like me and my brother was dying laughin and Javale McGee we kept rewinding it bruh tears are rolling down my face still
Modem connects for a few mins then goes back to just blinking receive. Have to unplug to get it to come back online.
Join us for today's Zuppa Del Giorno, Creamy Tomato & Garlic
Come see me tonight. I will be playing Andy Campbell in the film Video Store Sex From Ohio.
We won $100 last night in Powerball using the Analysis Lotto program.
"[Luke:] I can’t believe it. [Yoda:] That is why you fail." Yoda is always right! How will anyone know you're worth it if you don't?
I can't remember a longer feeling 2 week period of time than the one I'm in now.
thanks for the luv my new frnd.
Congratulations for graduating from UT!!!! Git it girl! <3
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's a ladies man. ”
RT #Baylor's 14-game winning streak is nation's longest active.
This just in....a ton of very cool mens shirts...from Spain...
I wanna b just like my twin when I grow up
ya but it starts at 7:20 l m a o
Haha I'll make sure to tell Miley you said hello :)
OMG! he's insane.
It's ridiculous that some people are getting annoyed that #StopKony is getting attention now when they already supported it. It's childish.
vagina street
that we should be so lucky
happy for you cuz& enjoy boxing!:) haha!:) and keep your momentum!~~~ :D
Definitely miss Especially 😔🎧
.. but anyways .. off the #soapbox and back to work .. hope you all have a Magnificent (mon)DAY !!! :-)
Hey otis, awesome! Be great to see you.
miss you too boo
any idea what Kubiak's is, if he has one?
what are you heading to LA for?
To know who Romney is, look at those around him: W's Neocons, Karl Rove, Robert Bork.../ Mitt Romney is Dick Cheney, with better hair.
Thanks RT : Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!!
Words to live by. RT : Overheard my 4 yr old daughter say "girls don't like getting burped on when they're wearing dresses."
Greg Malouf is a wonderful chef, so glad he's landed at Petersham's Nurseries in Richmond. Have to go next time I'm in London.
Self-discipline is essential.
#RIP Stevie I loved you and will never forget you!! You'll always inspire me to keep going and never give up!! :)
Happy Easter!
"Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he a player...you deserve to be starting"
There's an aquarium reality show???
Metta World Peace: I was just celebrating. Conan: remind me not to get in your way on your birthday when the cake comes out lmao
peace bro follow back!! Enjoy the day
Grad school application officially submitted! Keeping my fingers crossed.....
they're hammering that point now -- and I agree with you, for the record. We are all too eager to throw out data that we don't see!
Long Night.
“: Happy birthday” thank you
2 hours of sleep, and in class at 8 am.. i need coffee
Stop by the booth #1503 as we will be discussing "#Dell's Product & Profitable Analytics" You could win a $25 gift card!
I'm already going through withdrawals just thinking about it!
Ya know, I really don't give a f*** - Macbook or Laptop Decal
#liber2011 KB used statistical experts in creating the valuation model.
Yes! There's a lot of Spike Lee in there & some students complained, but he's so good for application of course concepts.
What's new with the East Coast vs West Coast rap beef?
Expense account? Chips and salsa can't pay for themselves.
Help others without expectation of what they can do for you.
LOL I recently played my VHS tape of Being John Malkovich and I forgot that you had a part in that movie-- FUN!!
Mizzou really needs to improve their parking
"If you want something done, give it to someone busy"
I am stoked! All of our performances of 'Bye Bye Birdie' are SOLD OUT!
Again, I believe test scores should be diagnostic & are a COMPOSITE of the school,student, teacher AND the home.
what...Fuzzy's has a dollar taco night?!
Just The Ticket just got a little prettier thanks to Fair Oaks Nursery for donating 30 hot pink geraniums!
RT connected all thru out this City. Top to Bottom. Know all the plugs Just incase you wondered why am so influential.
"In The Waste Land, I wasn't even bothering whether I understood what I was saying." - T.S. Eliot (via Louis Menand)
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself
indeed! See you tomorrow and we'll compare sessions!
and that who would be?
make your reservation for Easter Brunch Our full brunch offered plus homemade quiche and a plated ham dinner with scalloped spuds
oh what color?
stupid thing won't let me login to origin. What a terrible service.
im following them and he doesnt follow me
Engineers save more lives than doctors- Tell that to Girls who want to help. White Hse Forum .
“: Happy Easter Dog!” you to brotha
Right? At least 12 doesn't chime across as an arrogant prick.
My enemy folded under pressure that the truth was going to decimate him and prove his public statement was a lie!
Prepping for a #PhotoShoot on Thursday. So much to do!!!
cool. I will
G. Cip leads off with an infield hit, stolen base but is stranded on second after three consecutive strikeouts by Harrell.
Word! Lol I'm not mad he stated the obvious, but let's be serious...# sideeye
I'm still In shock my love, my idol, my fave... said "HI" to me on the pier yesterday ...!!!! STILL SMILING..!!!
you feel like trivia tomorrow?
Will someone please just shoot me now!?
Exhausted from the #FILEX weekend.Said goodbye.Can't think of a better time to check out #Titanic on the biggest movie screen in the world!
Just finished work on a brand new importer. Much more stable and faster!
I wanna work with you. I like your sense of fashion.
no cause I didn't go to my game BURN!!!!
srry I haven't been writing the story
May the peace of God be with this holiday season! Pray for those around you who are low in spirit.
lmao && then?:o
#superartfight needs a monocle
Why do fine girls always have attitudes
My problem is that my current job isn't really the source of a lot of relevant experience for the jobs I'm applying for, but some
That moment when your streams start looping like a cartoon background.
we are all in the gutter....but some of us are looking at the stars. ***
Good thing that place was always the opposite of conservative. :o)
that right :) ... put yourself first when it comes to YOUR future.
So the new people at work are legit. Don't hate them like I thought I would.
Currently plugging away on the new site. T-8 days and counting.
Japan Stop These Killings/Slaughtering of Dolphins and Whales!!!!
This Buckeyes/Orange game should be over by midnight. Maybe. If the refs ever let them play. Embarrassing.
Directing an ATOM.TV-funded webseries pilot called "Two Girls One Cop" all weekend, get in touch if you'd like to help or visit--
What did I ever do to you? #Imissyou!
Caught Ted Rosenthal's Trio at the Watercolor Cafe in Larchmont on Friday. Marvelous player, nice venue.
hurry up. and slow down. It is Friday.
ASCAP heavily biased against African American music in its ranking methods
If the guy is a girl like the princess, then was raised by his queen .
help us get this peace officer page up and run' n plz RT
Lol! RT : MadBum you cold blooded magnificent son of a bitch
"going to the ground after the score" ??? these celebration penalties are so absurd.
Please go and follow c'mon people follow'm
When it comes to the studio arms, these days it's all about inhouse production, prebuys or, most typically, doing nothing.
Jelena ALWAYS "break up" before some awards, so it's not surprising tbh.
Sushi at Kona Grill, Inc. in Short Pump :)
Sounds like a challenge that could get me in trouble. ;)
Wait I lied lol no I don't
Trina you are absolutely correct as usual! I am always impressed with your level of spiritual understanding-LoveU in LordChrist
Successfully broke my dads car. I shouldn't be allowed near vehicles.
NICE! We have to do something else so we can make more posters and stickers. :)
if only that would let you operate it. Walking through PAX would be easier.
Austin today is the day!!:) goodmorning;D <3
I hope everyone lost money
no. stop no.
Councilmember Phil Mendelson is now being sworn-in to a fourth term as an at-large member of the council
DEVASTATED Awake got cancelled!!!!
The people on sport bikes last night on man o war was out of control. Probably should of just gone to the garage and started a chainsaw.
Trust issues weeknd remix >>>>>>
I'm looking for a flight to Denver from either Roc or Buff,on june 25th,return the 29th.Thanks
why. Are they doing this to me? I am dying.
I think I go to bars too often...
Maybe, but selecting Tea Partiers over sure-thing yet moderate GOPers may hurt us overall in the end (See C. O'Donnell)
they're gonna let the virus out, it'll be because of them !
this is the best day in my whole life omg !!!!! :) I love justin bieber <3
hahahah i'm already knowin.. You been driving crazy since i was a Scrub in yo passenger hangin out the window wildin..
Thank you and for the retweets!
Can't your iPhone record 1080p? I thought of the idea because your blogs are mostly about movies and other entertainment.
#marrythenight oh my freaking god!!! im in awe loved it just wow.
Dropped in on this quarter's first hackathon demos earlier (thanks for the invite ).
Katie! I got Burning Up stuck in my sisters head! :D Now she keeps singing it and will not shut up! D:
I have spray paint in my eyes.
I hate when that happens :)
follow he gives straight analysis on killer NICAR-L threads, and some pretty good how-to lessons.
Twitter is all about who you follow. Follow good tweeters.
What is your favorite album? :D let us know!
I was saying I do too!
is awesome. In my top 3 favorite characters of all time :3
That's correct. People have to #like you. RT #Facebook's confusing. If you have a page, can you not add friends?
Maybe I'll get a Happy Birthday from on Friday that would certainly make everything okay again. <3
some asshat's yearbook picture.
#OccupyAtlanta police at civic center socializing...enjoying seeing old friends.
Relapse Wednesdays tonight at mokaï 7862829112
“: Uncle Jay RT : I think I might have to babysit tonight” uncle Jay???
called off the "waiting in line" endeavor - visible lightning and thunder that rattled my apt windows? That's pneumonia waiting to happen.
Total buzz kill... Lol
How I felt in January.... Ya this is second ....
always hard for me, but I really have kept quiet for quite some time.
It's amazing how professors don't read carefully or follow instructions & then dock their students' grades for doing the same thing.
Jeez Louise Lebron.
When the smoke clears in this furnace, I will still be standing and my clothes won't even smell like smoke.coveredbyGod.com
spending time with the fam and gifts and sharing memories i love xmas what about u
IF YOU WANT YOU MUSIC OUT HIT JAY BIZZLE UP. GOGGLE HIM LEAVE HIM A MESSAGE.
I know, right? It's a great feeling.
Chicago is great, but ready to go home...
THANKS TOO BAD NO ONE IS HOME TO DRIVE ME I WILL GO NEXT WEEK! Do I need to fill an application out?
Consider it a Lerning experience.
when it's done well, I do.
It's all about the two of you now
no problem. It's easy because it's all true.
UP NEXT<< Jackpot with Bill Previtti, listen in for the latest in gaming around ABQ.
The AP logo is so ugly. It makes me think of the 80s. Cannot look!
Hello Utah! :-D
Oh, aye. ;) MT : Figures you 2 would know each other. RT Enjoy! Say "hi!" to Greg. Intl Photo Metadata Conf
sometimes I feel like the world is coming down on me.
Wow just got email from mets database offering buy one opening day get 1 free for sat or sun next weekend. Unprecedented!
Tonight: Beltway Poetry GRAND SLAM hosted by Sonya Renee @ Busboys and Poets 5th & K 1025 5th St NW , Washington, DC
there are any number of fields that you can chose. For example, you have the African Diaspora, African, Latin American...
Follow our friends on Twitter these people know pet food!
We will be ***OPEN*** Easter Sunday at 11AM
We are so glad, Justin! Thank you for sharing!
Who's watching tonight??
Do you not notice me becuase, I'm not as pretty and fake as all those other hoes you hang around with?
We are praying for and are thankful for the 3 that gave their hearts to Jesus last night!!! Be good ground that God can use!
Real talk? RT : *raises hand.* Ahem. :) RT : I wanna meet somf this summer... who down?
same, love you 💜
Funny watching all panelsts on "SEO for Bands" panel playing with their iPhones / iPads while the other panelsts speak.
I am one of those people, so naturally I was close to tears from the moment it started
Is anybody out there? Does anyone understand me?
Thick women >
a new day for fans of Eminem
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!👇
Just Gt Up Slept Gud #AF Nw I'm Hungry Ready Ta Gt Out
I am staying positive no matter what...
Glad you liked our random fact!
haha thank you! I was too lazy to get a link ><. One of the best shows ever.
I can still cringe at a POWDER reference. Thanks, ! ;-)
Be sure to like us on Facebook for the same exact posts minus hashtags.
but if you like learning about government and politics I guess you should still consider it, talk to people that took the class
Oh my lord my Twitter has unfollowed everyone again ! This is the last time I follow people back and if it doesn't work, oh well
I dont trust anybody with anything of mine...so how am i ever going to be in rel.if i wait 4 them to fuck up.
awh man that's my good:x feel better soon!
I woke up and hopped off somewhere out by 18th street. Haha imma take a nap :-)
Among best special effects I've ever seen, awesome action moments, charismatic villain, great laughs. Have your pulse checked.
my thoughts exactly... People are so quick to get on board without checking the facts.
Grand Prairie's Paragon Outlets job fair Friday: 1300 positions on display - Fort Worth Star Telegram (blog)
I'm still in shock.
Compare Eton, Freeplay and C Crane. Get one with a crank and flashlight built in. Prices down, features up.
Time to vote guys, go do it
#outofhandgame tip? Don't take the bait!!!!
Qualifying SoCal host for +multi-lingual Berlin tennis/violin player.in top program.RT & refer!
I don't do karate I do k-razy!
At this point ive been at work for 12hrs and counting!!!
Hahahaa it was hilarious though!!! :D
The Cheyenne Regional Medical Center () Board of Trustees voted to pursue a not-for-profit partnership with
There's a prom at the hotel my parents and I are staying at. Maybe I can finally go to prom. Brb dancing.
Thanks for giving me twitter tips!
RUT Hockey is looking for someone with marketing experience or help with marketing for future events! Your help is greatly appreciated
Thanks & and for your continued efforts on behalf of the people of Haiti. Lets us know what we can do to help.
Kane, you are gonna be "p'jammin'!" Haha...those things crack me up.
I've probly only met like 2 people who actually admitted they're from Raleigh lol.. which means the rest of ya'll are denying it.
love your avi specially bcs I know the story of that location cute.
On my way to LA
is cute as fuck!(:
AZ Bound in one week...can't wait to see my friends!
RT : I'm getting excited for #TuesdayTrivia First Game starts tonight at 7:30... All of the cool kids are...
This Time Machine backup is taking forever. Grrr!
isn't it?!
what's for dinner? salami, pita chips & tomato/basil hummus…and rum & coke. what can i say? i need to go to the grocery store
I love him<3
So far, I'm hearing: rest, compression socks at night, and better gym shoes.
let's go!
me too, Mary!! hugs from Colorado
thanks for the RT ;)
I'm too flirty
Ok even that is a little for me.... hahaaha
i love seeing the life of retweets & how they get modified & reinterpreted along the way. Digging in, on this level, is fascinating.
So thankful for family, friends and the great iBloom team!
Keep Rising Above Never forget the Fallen
Good news, 2012 Fringe & 24 Hour Festival is a go for the Fall. More details soon.
would * { transition-duration:0; } work?
does anybody have a drill I could borrow??
JM: What about a TTI 2? could we do a 2nd rept that takes in to acct recent activity? could it include a grad student perspective?
that party sounds...interesting! and congrats on being one of slate's best books of the year!
me too!
You could've used that as your halloween costume. Will you wear it to school?
Bro , You're a pussy..
That sounds so much more simple than when I saw you last!
thanks for following!
k...? that wasnt even a video
I LOVE MADISON NAOMI ALAMIAAAA!!!<33333333333333333333333333333333333333333
If need juice for your smart phone recharge at our booth
D3 extends good luck wishes on Tuesday, March 27th to the following cands.: L.D., J.S., R.P., D.C. & I.R.! Also, a HUGE congrats to C.O.!
Kall me maybe.
If a woman wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
who are u?
New vid. comin wednesday for "no problems" prod by visual by @
ATL has been good to me, she allowed me to to clear my mind & just relax for once. sucks I have to leave my bf with her tho :(
lol u followed a link from google to a website that had your name and it was broken... Guess it wasn't really u
Bebe is taking me to Bonefish tonight.
Follow me on #Instagram at IAMVINTAGEE
YEAH I GOT YOU RT a dubb
it was like a scene from a movie, crazy.
oh cool lets talk about college basketball and punch ourselves right in the dick i totally want to do those things
Studies confirm that children who eat breakfast collect a healthier lifestyle! Children's Hospital, #makingkidshealthier :)
Heading to Coshocton? RT : Hello Columbus! It's good to see you again even though I'm just passing through :-)
*you're, bro.
you, and miss NEED to come to ATL! Miss y'all so much! <3
#TheperfectBoyfriend will call for no reason at all...just to check on you. :-)
Ok, I'm at 696 & Van Dyke in Center Line. :) RT yep it is :) I am in Warren too
True, I like RNG better tho, this performance was speechless<3
Likewise, but I'm sticking to fake chips from now on...
that is even more funny. rascals have no brains.
But overall: Yay! Congrats!
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
thank you!!
FOLLOW ME!♥ te amo matt♥ :D
It was so great to see rivers fumble that ball and eventually cost his team that win HAHA, Gonna be a great division race to the end!!
yeah! we actually NEED some new promos because we got a new guitarist
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU i went to every class on time faithfully... now not so much
unfortunately it's mini hd dv tape (card is only for stills). Don't have another device that can read it :(
I wish I was watching him! Just left a 5 hour meet and greet promotion!
I love that now days girls call guys best friends and they b fuckin fuckin
Leaders guide and empower a team of willing participants towards a visualized, articulated, and constantly evolving end
good to hear is back in Buffalo, did more for the Sabs than most fans know
The unexpected is just the beginning. The unexpected is what changes our lives. ~Unknown
So pumped for all you idiots to come to DC and look at our trees.
no it isn't -__- maybe you have her number so you see her name as well
So I have the evaluateing my driving? I'm not a bad driver!!!
Youreeee just hearing this?!! Shame Trav! :) soo beautiful, love it!
Juice chettos and the avengers
I've stayed up until 10AM a couple years ago and for when I hosted this guy at OG I'm surprised he wasn't dead-
Why can't I go back to my childhood
i honestly hope for the worst on people
I need a virgo RT : If you're dating a #Virgo you are dating a sexual technician who knows the precise methods to drain you fluids
Love late night calls with India. Falling over.
LOL!! so do you have any boys in your life?? :)
RT if you proud to b single :)
ewwwieee. So you're a freshman?
Alas, Homi is farther from our new location than the old. But not that much.
Never Bite The Hands That Feeds You.
Well, no one's reported me yet...
doesn't get much more real than even a touch!
I have not been on twitter for a few days whats happening with Austin?
Thank you! Greatly appreciate it!
I just hope women at start looking for jobs else where NOW.
I love you with all my heart khloe of course too you guys are the lights of my life
working on a graphic novel for class! the topic? a grave lack of creativity in academia
#WalkerFailure sez God has a plan for him, but what about the 65k, incl 29k kids, who were to lose health care under his plan?
Damn you can't hang no mo fool
We'll be at Easton from 6-7pm today in front of Panda Express with cheap tickets to Friday's show.
hey girl long time no hear WHAT'S UP!!!!!!
Call me if you need to contact me, my txts are currently inefficient. I kno this is useful info for every1 cus every1 needs to contact me
Remember this one? How to get a 1,000,000 people to send you $3.00...for info send $3.00 to....
Oor trying to find a 125,000 dollar contribution? Let me know if you can help!
Question of the day: What's your favorite accessory for Spring?
Had dinner w/ last night at a local restaurant, where she joked w/waiter w/an ease only a local could! Made her mama proud!
Psyched to chow with friends and colleagues tonight. Can't really indulge though - have a 20-mile run in the morning!
HAHA! That would've been more acceptable...I would've assumed costume party. No...spread out. And scary...
Even with the lost will still pick someone to have follow. Will do everything tomorrow.
I Learned That People Change, Nd Often They Become The Person They Said They Would Never Be. **Generally Speaking**
btw sorry for the late reply.
Goodluck to my sister , I know you guys are going to win
Just saw and thought it was . I was like dude, does he ever.
Working on a solo clarinet piece. Any clarinetists out there get annoyed by anything in particular? Like something especially?
The touchdown lead is the worst lead to have in hockey.
interesting. thanks
Why am I so tired!?
were you late too?
If you had to pick just 3 chats to participate in from your list, what would be your personal choices?
are you kidding? Ask me where I am on Sat/Sun around 3:00pm...it's like my own witching hour....
Happy birthday, !
We have tickets for our first show! June 11!!!!!!
It's 1:00am. Today is Settling Somewhere's first show playing the new EP. Shit is about to go down.
missing the point, field goal not guaranteed you never know take the points, which happens to be a 6 point TD
#youknowyoughettoif You know that you need to unlock phones and always get the hook up.
Happy Birthday!!
Listened to #Boyfriend like 30 times I
RT WHO SAW THE ICONIC BOYZ LAST NIGHT?!, I did:)
Cool on the film gig. My nephew is a film director in L.A. too. Probably a million of them.
good nite twitter peps!!! rest well.
ya.cuz willem's is pretty serious. Q is not afraid to be silly sometimes lol and u will learn a lot!
All chains! Find a Ham's Restaurant or Cook-Out!!
I refuse.
Thanks!! Heidy is an excellent adapting squirrel :-)
At the deli, of course!
Credit Reports ... check :) Nothing unusual, all perfect. Offer on house here in Santa Fe submitted. 30 years of mortgage debt here we come.
For all the musician's following me, check out AudioTools.com. It's a free cloud based digital audio workstation (DAW). Pretty sweet.
Good night everyone
“There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The other is by debt.” - John Adams, 1826
#slowmoment when im done typin my status and pushing the enter button like its gonna post it-------this is not intant messaging Tammy
A girl that quotes eminem is sexy
Oh you're very attractive.
They say that we are >>>Free<<< but really we not
Show Choir these days.
Congrats on 45 years of bookselling ! Check 'em out for anniversary discounts, a cool trivia contest and great books!
Might we ask why you feel this way?
3 years, wow! Happy Twitter Anniversary! #Cheers to many more
Began my first #dayofDH with puzzling out the process. I know I should be an old hand at this.
dude! did u see her texting while he was thanking all of the judges? what tha?!
Just peaked at the menu - looks delish! When do you open ?
oh that is nice
I honestly don't even care about mine wooooops
Would you believe that 75% of Americans suffer from some stage of periodontal gum disease?
does hollywood studios close at night because im curious
hm maybe you should just pop over to NYC and we can do a live baking session :) doesn't look like you need any coaching!!
Picking up my new car tomorrow!!
are there any ICONiacz who would tweet me at this hour..~ I'd love you 69everrrr.
Amber Cole ...... really?
Devil get up off me
"She don't wanna man she just wanna fuck" If that aint the truth lol
Getting my babe Pick up Sticks
Exactly two months until graduation! Let the hourly countdown begin..
Gonna b a long day tomorrow
BOOKED MY FLGHT TO SPAIN WOO
USGA handicap is only used in 42 countries. Their goal is to become a global sports
If someone says "pathological liar" and you then assume you're being talked about.....well
Aw shucks
Kim Kardashian&#39;s SECRET PLAN TO HAVE KANYE&#39;S BABY (Video ...
Switching back and forth between the race and the O's. Let's get that sweep birds!!!
OMG i got a tweet from my idol zendaya so happy N3RD is the W0rd!!!
got my nerd outfit down pack
friendly FB exchange. which was nice. anyway, are you from New York?
I missed you too!
Good things happening here.
I'm excited to move so I can find the Milverine
Big day ahead. Jdrf gala tonight, time to raise a ton of money to fund a cure for type 1 diabetes. AND Mitchell is speaking again!
Emory University Library Software Engineering here. Hello all.
where is it???
- Thanks for the tweet. Keep spreading the word
It's tough enough to be a kid w/o POTUS/dad thrusting you into the spotlight. Makes it hard for media, Rs to respect privacy when dad won't.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. ~Winston Churchill
I love doing them and hopefully always will do them
I still take a lot of things for granted...
your so sweet! How r u?
Finished all the #Naruto , waiting for the next new episode!
I read the last issue of Justice Society of America. It was good. Not amazing, but good.
Anyone watching Rangers vs Yankees? Josh Hamilton has lost his bat mid swing twice and it's gone into right field. Bizarre/dangerous
Asked by a publicist to change a photo with a story because it didn't have the correct product placement. Was thrilled to tell her a big no.
A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together
I can't believe you read that book! Did you die a little inside?
lmao he said he threw a no hitter!
Be careful of Women who attract men posing as Anything they suffer from ID crisis
YOU SHOULD PRAISE HIM ANYWAY...RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF "IT" !!!
you had a great time too!
think I'm gonna make it out monday dudes! See you soon.
so enjoy your day!?:D and dis ur mom enjoy it too??^^
In Australia, 43% of small businesses say that they have been able to grow their businesses through social media.
Getting ready for who knows what!
Nice! RT Haters are like crickets: They chirp all day, but as soon as you walk by them, they shut up.
Came to pick up but can't seem to find her.
craft... not so clutch
thank you!
I thought your tweet about "tomorrow"was referring to the play that's at Poteet. Thought maybe u had a niece in it.
Happy easter
LOL it's all in good fun though.
#NJASL2010 Libraries as mental playgrounds
LOL yes sir MOE money over everything LOL take of easy my boy.
OH in Central Park: "It doesn't have Adobe, so I couldn't get any websites with it." Sigh. Huh?
I have been doing this too. I'm kind of lucky my CC didn't work on one site or Burial/Four Tet single was mine but at ~$25
Wow. That's impressive.
I'm Sorry I'll Make It Up To U!
It's already sold...by the six-pack even!
Too many people become victims of their own choices, then they put others through pain because of it.
for Cav IV's?! hahahaha wait hahaa nawww how much $ you adding?
To all my followers stay following and being updated things are going to get real interesting soon.
At Quinn's celebrating St. Patrick's Day W/ !
"Search Ebscobost" dropdown Moodle block: very cool, UM librarians
Can I accomplish something worthwhilte today? I hope so. Morning, world!
Damn all these players getting injured in these playoffs this year
"Yea right he lyin lol" dats always everyones response wen jerome say he gon come c my kids
Had fun with cory and my sis last night. Glad I can go to bars other than saddle and have a good time. Sick of that place!
yes please! Can you bring that to me?
You'll have to elaborate when we get back.
Dear mom and dad, stop saying, 'Don't play with your food', you spent the first 2 years of my life teaching me it was a plane.
Quickie contest! Send your funniest Vegas photo to & if we use your pic for our caption contest, you win $10 in deal bucks!
“: Ima rock my back in black jersey today...if we lose I'll never rock it again” 😳
TODAY IS ONE OF THOSE DAY WHEN U JUST WANNA CHILL, WITH YOUR HIM AND EAT AND WATCH MOVIES,HAVE SEX.....JUST IN THAT ORDER!!!!! *DaKota M ...
we took them to 7 games last time. We were in the 2nd round last year. It is insane if I thought they would get to the finals.
a Billy Clyde story??
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night. <3
damn was it it good?
Can't wait to watch the live streaming concert tonight!! I just put in my order :)
30 minutes away until at Noon...team coverage of President #Obama visit to NYS
A boy will tell you he loves you but a man shows it.
better go out for my birthday tonight
u better! keep me posted on this stuff lol
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster. - Adam Osborne
TK was faking everyone out all year....saving it all for the playoffs
: "I'm in Portland, OR. Loving it!!!" Don't lose your notebook... again!
However, what truly was an amazing end to the great meal at Jaymer's was their homemade bread pudding with caramel sauce. Loved it :)
Wedding today
only if it was one if the first few dates:)
You mad now...
I feel so grown up when I make my BF's lunch in the mornings before he heads off to work! Just call me June Cleaver.
Andy Hughes and David Alan Rech up to bat next with Achieving an XML-First Workflow in the Odet at 3:15 #pbc12 Head over now!
what's that? I cant see im on my phone text tweeting
great day today :)
Who tf pissed in your frosted flakes?!
Not sure how I missed this but I love this!!
Thanks for the follow Duncan!
#sbcon11 in ending keynote: Notes "everything is social" and wonders why we have to continue to argue for this idea
Has anyone tried the #Dorito taco from #tacobell? I want one now
You know what time and day it is! 104 Years of the GREATEST Sisterhood Story Ever told! " DEEP in my heart, I LOVE MY AKA"
If the #Browns hadn't franchised Dawson last year, they might have the # 2 pick.
She grinds my gears
Best afternoon :) so sweet!
Testing...1...2...3... Anyone else feel awkward when people are testing microphones?
going there today to I'll look for stuff
Thanks Fo The #follow My Luv :)
Happy mothers day
has never seen so many cameras in her life. And she's gonna be pissed if she gets a grad cap sunburn.
Mario lopez is sexy wachinq ellen l)
Any chance you wore a Princess Leia slave costume at some point during the tour? Bc we'd all pick that.
You can't stand people's opinions? Then what the fuck are you doing on Twitter? Dumb hoes.
got you.
suggestions for a non-chapel Vegas wedding? we're listening ...
So I started a bromance between and #sweet #MyTwoFavoriteMen ;)
AW... thanks. Hope you have a great weekend. Let's just ignore the whole Friday the 13th thing.
#YouGetPointsIf you support Kony. R-T if you support the holy war of Joseph Kony and the LRA! R-T if you love God!
looking at you being a leader on next season!
Jay-z and Beyonce AINT Mary and Joseph People...Get off their jocks
Stand by those who stand by you.
Never been in such a bad mood over being hungry, feed me
Our Insane Offer for Cooking.com will be live in less than 15 min! The first 75 to claim the offer will get $40 cash back!
Already planning my return to to witness Childish Gambino on 4/20
so I guess i "bought" them with fake internet cash
Artiste Hebrew launches website: artistehebrew.com
Funky Friday phrase: "to set the Thames on fire." In light of "The Lorax" hitting theatres, this phrase may remind us of days when po...
I'm so drunk, cnt even wallk in a straight line
no problem! x
Glad to hear you're moving to the Big D, it's a great place to get a fresh start!
I'm a bitch because all nice girls get nothing but walked on
Haha yeah I know
Nanotechnology is an excellent career field & is an excellent area for future employment.
How do you think it felt to write it?
hey can you give me a shoutout?
did you write new material or just havin a shit day?
Feels like I've been waiting 2 deplane since the Regan era. Why can't planes flip open like a Delorian so we exit by row?
Today, it's 50% off admission from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Enjoy our special exhibitions including the much-talked-about Old Kingdom mummy...
I am eating fresh blackberries and raspberries - they taste like summertime and sunshine!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! :D I hope it's great
Are you serious.... Dumbass ppl these days...
haha that's what me and you are doing!(:
What I meant was check facebook then twitter and then work on report for 30 mins. Maybe excel is down? Damn! Baby Step to 12:00...
Without solitude it is impossible to have a spiritual life. --Henri Nouwen
good sign:)
yeah! BTW this is new co-owner Alana!
thank you so much!
just wishing I can have one of your cupcakes with my mocha latte right now :D
Ntl Adviser for Emerging Technologies & Learning, Learning & Teaching Scotland. Could we have one please?-A Mom
I hope the drunk guy that drove 1/2 mile in SF BART tunnel this morning had a GoPro on his dash. I'd pay to watch that YouTube video.
Holy fuck i'm so tired and soree
is back!!! yea. It feels so strange rooting for something that happened over 6 months ago
we got work to do lol
clearly left my Living room a mess..... #illpunchyou!!!!
If i was in a cliset i would listen to music while trapped than call for help(:
*daps* RT It's really red tide week.
you too.
Believe in your self and the rest will follow
There are doors to be knocked on, votes to get out, and stories to be told.
I feel like playing a board game haha x
Charlotte Restaurant Week economic impact grew from $1.9M in its first year to $5.5M this past year.
NEED TWINS FOR YOUR NEXT FILM CONTACT US, WE LOVE WORKING.
So, do you now have more respect/love for TRGBnB?
That'd be amazing though. He could probably run for president with all that power. All the major teen/young adult acts.
hopefully you're off work soon
Thanks so much for the awesome RTs!! You in LA? Should totally come out and join us for our party on Fri!
that awkward moment when u have to explain the joke .. lol
You think you know EVERYTHING
Date night with my DH tonight. We're playing tennis :)
Dessert and #DowntonAbbey. Synonymous, I think! Couldn't enjoy #MasterpieceClassic more.
A hoe gets taken home to meet the bed ... But a real woman gets taken home to meet mom.
Reduce the heat of chiles by removing the seeds.
#Dolphins take QB Ryan Tannehill with the 8th overall pick in the
Missed the Grammys last night? Check out grammy coverage. Very entertaining/informative!
Ah, now I want one.
I'm Finna put one of my kinfolk up on dat bih
BEST WINGS AND SPINACH IN THE CITY!
getting ready for Help! webinar with the amazing michele hayslett on the amer comm survey! #govinfo ftw
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 30
I just sorta kinda wish Justin Bieber wasn't involved.
Fuller: "The only way our children win is with OPTIONS"
Dear Ron Paul: Saying "The Al Qaeda" is like saying "The El Rio". Oh, wait--
so excited to see #themanymistressesofmlk at one of my very favorite theatre companies !
Vegau Inc. Launches New Internet Marketing Website - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Never Say Never.. ^^
OMG ALLIE GRANT ON #SUBURGATORY!!! I missed her!!!
RT : Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATIRDAY!! ON THE TABLES!! RT #RT RT
Happy Birthday #Milwaukee! #DNation is doing it's best to help EVERYONE celebrate
We can make an earthquake up in here
oh that sounds like a touchy topic.
Geez...3 milestones all next to each other, almost 1k tweets (mostly RTs hehe) almost following 300, and literally at the doorstep of 100
# Pics of The rapper w guns and #machine weapons brought into #evidents. #Tattoo is also a factor in this case.
Wondering if there will be labor this labor day weekend!!!!
Brad Pitt's hair has such bounce. Must get his secrets.
Buttermilk Pancakes part 2 wit and
Jesus is LORD.
You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost and realize what you have now is way better than before.
An alibi says that I didn't commit the act, I didn't have the intent, and I couldn't have because I was somewhere else.
I wouldn't even worry about it. His body of work on the field speaks for itself.
I'm so sleepy
art medium for the day: more color swatch cards, fatter sharpies, n box cutters (x-acto knives ain't cuttin' it)
great name
Finals Tomorrow <<<<<
sweet, sounds like dinner on Tuesday with and ;-)
About 2 have a meltdown
#DH twitter folk: anyone have good examples of proposals explaining digital humanities and its relevance to administrators?
Am I the only 15 yr old who hasn't lost all their teeth yet
thanks for fallowing ! :)
enjoy your dogs!
$520 left on my pre-tax Transit card expiring this Sun. Should have planned better before quitting. Let's hope I can get a $500 metrocard.
o thought u said u had to much to do and u needed them to get in contact with me
This game is going to come down to last shot
oh and I completely agree with you. :-)
APU is all wrapped up after a great semester and I am all caught up with my online class! Tomorrow: a real day off!
I actually think that this is a huge problem. We do a lot of invisible labor that goes uncompensated. But, beyond that, ...
-So many people and things
Happy and blessed Birthday my old San Jose friend!! 49 or 50? Memory issues here
Cool! I'm in the lobby now.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 4
oh new day for TROS. what shall we do today?! how about new promo pics!
Sorry, tix are already gone. I'll add you to the waitlist
PART 2 - and sex, and country house, and years of traveling memories, and events, and work, and biz....
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!!
Introducing: Taylor Swift and the Sharecroppers LIVE at the 1932 #Grammys!!
Funny. Wednesday fans are far gobbier than Blades though...
nothin much..wassup with u bro
Getting ready to get out in the cold and gab a bottle of wine for tonight's WII party.
New Spotify Play Button is a great move for them, but still requires user to be a member w/ software downloaded. YouTube embed does not!
Omg this man has a signature on his txt.... #Icannot ... That shit is so weak to me.
we were overwhelmed by the "experienced" theater-goers and snuck out quietly after the Q&A was done.
I love the client list!
u know we go hard
Have to remember that faculty are basically reactionary.
Just saw a whole lotta butt crack on Connecticut Ave
So psyched to read your dark faerie short! Is there anyway to find all the works that pulled out of the anthology?
hey Matt sucker wanna come over tomorrow? Like not ride with me but after I get home?
Cat like reflexes keep me from planning
yes but that second step is a doozy
why isn't Turner playing 35 minutes a night? Why is Meeks playing? Why take out turner for Lou at the end?
oh bubbly.
all good, I'll be in Tacoma Washington slime!
I'm feeling really bad for Japan right now so no fundraising push for today. What can I do to help the people of Japan?
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. - Zig Ziglar
Happy Hump Day, twitterverse.
Downtown at The Gallery, Just got fitted for a show
String Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary)
Music Video Website Vevo Wants to Tell You What to Listen To
: Personally I hate when a PDF suddenly downloads onto my computer.... I just wanted to see if had tartare
"Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need."
I know what u mean.My 1st AOL IM was ButtaP. Like butta pecan. Someone called me BUT TAP one day. Done. Gone.
follow me ill follow back..
#Conductors: If your left hand is basically doing what your right hand is doing, why bother using it at all??
Yeah, that could be it lol. I use Google Chrome for my streams.
Yes Please! : Would you hire a food truck to feed #wedding guests?
RT If you condition an apology with an "if anybody was offended" clause, you need to apologize for that.
Not gonna lie, ready to get outta here
thanks for the RT!
how's the crowd? #L1C4? Come on
Finally getting through to Yeats' great poetry "Second Coming" scarily relevant at times! Also enjoying H. Heine: such lyrical German!
Congradulations to all of the newest members to the Johnson C. Smith University Alumni family! Job well done!
Thanking the good Lord for better discernment & mercy for the times when I've gone astray.
que mi cabello crezca ya :c
I can't imagine those are the wines for the kids' table, which is where I belong. Ha!
Ultrasound Physics: Impedance Calculation
“ hey how yu doin... just sending messages to all my followers” cooling n thanx
I think one is enough. I'm going to have to keep my eyelids open with toothpicks.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
For the past 8 years I've kept a list of my favorite words that I come across while reading. Today's word is Halcyon. How about you?
Great nap. Now off to workout..
I'll take what I can get. Happy to be home with fam, Meg?
Fitting that Banta-Cain ended it with a sack after his penalty prolonged the game. Great game
I WISH MY OLD BESTIE WOULD HANGOUT WITH ME, I MISS HER SO MUCH... WE WERE SO CLOSE NOW. NOTHING, I MISS U BESTIE
Hey! Follow
I try to match my objectives with their goals and offer advice for improvement that connects with their needs.
Thanks for the follow Adam. Very glad you're happy with your purchases!!
Vital Information
Tina girl! You better sing like you're Rachel Berry!
also I'm an idiot. I just realized it was just on ... I missed it. I was watching last weeks.
Wow, what a blessing FSF is to so many families!
This is what makes life rich, that it has more to offer with each clue it reveals.
where are your pretty friends? Got any for ?
I used upack.com and it was pretty good. Probably would not arrive before you, though. When do you move?
“: I know happiness because I know God.”
About 50/50 but I don't use either one very much at all (paypal vs. authorize.net)
Vince Carter got that killer look in his eye tonight
hey remember how happy i made you today
Come Stop by today and receive a small peach milkshake!
Last full week of April is here! For all you college students that means the same thing, finals! But no worries summer is almost here! -CS
Yes, LLorente puts Athletic ahead ! Manchester United - go back home !
haha yeahh.. but i need to get it higher :/
We'll try our hardest to keep your eyes open -- glad you're here, friend!
will do! Gets some shoes to kill the competition
"Dear Ole Morehouse. Dear Ole Morehouse. It's in our hands." - Eddie Glade '89
So fun take a picture and share with us RT : that's an awesome deal. I know where I'm going for lunch. #burritos ...
my bitches and <3
Fall asleep at 8:30pm. Wake up in middle of night, slightly panicked, thinking, "Oh shit, I have work to do!" Can't fall back asleep.
Still gunning for Dreams of Our Fathers!
feels good to be home!
The twins are here! Welcome to the world, Devin and Vikas. Can't wait to meet you!
Nice to meet you! :) RT : hi everyone, I am a newbie, looking forward to learning from
Where did you put your locker?
BBQ Chicken, twice baked potatoes, Broccoli/Cauliflower in cheese & rolls!! Good day in a TX Kitchen! Whats for dinner
Aw, I totally thought it was Mike and thought he was being a sneaky bitch! I feel bad, I have participated in bullying haven't I?
yes me as well. There is a new pho restaurant in beachwood but I've only been there once & never went back...
Sadly, yes, I have. Biggest bunch of lowdown, no account grifters this state may ever have seen.
They're back! We'll be reopening for lunches on Monday starting on the 7th!
Good morning world get booty up.
This just in: Someone spotted some water in the gulf.
I wonder if there's a #FourSquare "mayor" of the Cadillac Hotel in #Rochester?
And Nate didn't play him why? RT : Luke Babbitt was a team high +15 in 21 minutes
Hanging out at the show in Chicago! Come say hi!
Tebow. Denver. Unbelievable game thus far
dude if only there was one by warehouse on sunday haha!
Some things don't need explanation....
fact RT The lesson here is never get between a sexicana and her man ;)
“: Can't wait for 's tonight #YOLO” me neither! <33
Reminds me of the time that I was supposed to see Cat Power but she cancelled and Elf Power filled in.
i've never read/seen any of the twilight books,not really my thing. Good suggestion but i dont have a kindle. im so behind hah
Life is a grindstone. Whether it grinds us down or polishes us up depends on us. -- Thomas L. Holdcroft
them tracks went hard!!! Miss u guys!!
Boobie said it best...
#Bears select Boise State defensive end Shea McClellin with 19th pick in first round of draft.
Try to say words but the dumb comes out.
what up stranger
just watched 50/50. very nice sir.. cant wait to see u get the credit u deserve. in feb. 1 yr.
Long day of witness prep, with 5 hours of driving; not fun. Will rest up now for #blackhawks game later.
Coming back to chi for one more night in my room
i'm not a complete idiot. parts of me are missing
Good set of meetings. Now, getting ready to head to airport--lots of work to get back to. Will really miss the Boulder sun & views.
Hahahaha! Awesome! RT : note from Cali. Lakers are old and slow. They suck.
Turned 20 last week, but can still pass for 14.:) A blessing? Not when you go out dancing, but it is in the world of acting. :)
don't know what?!
Cool about Charlie and the paper airplane launcher/designs. However, I think that I might have one that he would like equally...
omg me to.
ohh Stfu. We should have won. :/
im coming back monday boo!
& I need to get you on the new This Week in Energy one of these days. Then you can go frackin' crazy!
Conan O'Brien's First Twitter Follow Demonstrates the Power of Social Media - GlobalShift
I miss sleeping. 4-day old son and my 19-month old daughter.
#FF BECAUSE #FUCKYOU support your local pgh face melter. Laugh, hate and destroy.
You are in for a treat. Fine book--he read here in Johnson City in February; the rest of the novel lives up to the sampling.
# TWO days till boyfriend comes out!!! I'm so excited!!!!(:
@ IHOP RED VELVET PANCAKES!!!!!!! #WHAT#
. When communication is not maintained the business will suffer,
When I'm at work sometimes I like to pretend I'm an old-timey switchboard operator and talk in that voice, ya know that voice?
You sir... are really talented.. and cute! haha! :)
yeah a few and some of my moms china fell
Treat Rheumatoid Arthritis Early and Aggressively: Guidelines
ROTFL...love the dialogue...i'm in stitches and totally lovin' your style! #deathtocreditcard and #hideunderarock props!!
Gotta stay up..
Sick. :/ #PrettyLittleLiars amazingg, have me clue who a is!(:
Went for a nice walk on the dam, now off to bed :-)
oh no! beastie boys, not RATM! sorry!
I wish that will #BringBack1DVideoDiariesOnTheStairs ! I miss that so much! :'(
Rahm's next step is to find a horse.
Weekend plans...we need some. What are you doing this weekend?
Wow, That lady at #DELs restaurant was a nut-case wasnt she! Love your show
Get warmed up for the tournament at our Save Point practice session being held on February 21st at 5pm at the Main Library.
If you're like me you always keep an open mind when it comes to #anything That being said follow #goodnight & may God bless you
Social Media Raises the Stakes for Customer Service - American Express Survey
He knew he was going to be on the podium so he got a hair cut.
This will be me RT I think also just witnessed a small meltdown at one of the merch stands. Yes.
I'm saying what was the other shoes that came out?
Tune in to and tomorrow 5-7am for live preview, including performances by !
This is a great place for celebrities to live and keep some anonymity, in my opinion.
Does coffee count?
smart kid
Love your work... Best wishes to you in 2012!
PickUpLine: Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
hahah I know(:
My best efforts were some modern things that looked like very lousy Matisses. Thank God I had the sense to realize they were lousy, .
--> Where are you at that it's that nice??
you know you are cat obsessed when...
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence -Robert Frost
you are a fabulous speaker & your stories, both spoken & written.
follow us too for more!
I still have never been there! Is it that good?
is anything Bono enough though?
We want to see Simon going over choreography with his girls like Paula was with the Stereo Hogz!
At Films without borders nyc event presented by Prince Edward & George Lucas. Woman: "I'm so underdressed in this old Valentino!"
You be always on my mind..
I train Playboy models in the Hollywood Hills, I'd love to train you too.
Toronto Canada, here and I come!
kinda cant wait to come home tm :/
Party tonight at PushPush after Bremen Freedom opening.
Catwoman or Anne Hathaway?
it's a secret ;) lol
Michael Buble holiday music on Pandora-- yes please!
listening to that right now...i love it
There's something happenin' here, what it is ain't exactly clear.
I always get the question of why don't you date guys around your age anymore....because yall are immature and annoying.
Mexican Food<33 #yummy right now my dad is making Carne Asada (:
Nice shot of the Gates Foundation too!
Lol this sucks! Everybody is in Texas! Haha I wanna be in Texas and not dinky old Florida! -__- hahahahah
PhD work is tough, but I love being able to be a student in the age of mobile Web2.0 organizational apps and digital libraries.
me too!!!! Lol but it's a soap opera lol cuz mines in English :P
Why did Spring break have to end so fast?
I love making references to like everything I know I can make references to!
how DO those goats get in the trees?
Ready for a good workout the heat nation game tonite
"What's happening man?" "Hot dogs are happening."
What do you mean? Where are you going?
Congrats on the new job, Eva!
It is freezing in #JAWB 500. Free-zing.
That awakward moment when youre trying to become friends w/ someone you ask their favorite bands &theyre all the bands you dislike
do you like your macbook air more than your macbook pro? do you find your macbook air is fast enough?
A gloomy rainy good morning! I almost hope it's this rainy on Saturday...then I fancying take advantage of it by sleeping in! :)
stamped concrete looks awesome
Are your #costs and #benefits calculated or imagined?
fina call u
I would love to pitch a television show called "Middle-Aged Obese Men and Tiaras." It could work.
It may be a rainy day here in Panama City Beach, but we're still going to get our reggae on tonight with Heritage!
i love looking back over my tweets and reading all my random rants
Thanks for the RT, Becky, hope you have a great weekend. : )
if he really wants everyone to forgive him he should just admit that he's been drunk for everyone of his starts
I don't think there is a classier organization than the #pens in any sport. #topnotch stuff!
Looks like I have 4 lbs of Bacon available amongst all the other Re-Heat and Eat BBQ on hand. Who needs Bacon or other stuff?
“: The Lakers vs. Who The Fuck Cares ” this is why I watch it on Altitude :)
your birthdays in december.
Back from Mexico!
I wish it would of never ended :(
this pens game is just depressing
I am real sorry! We looveyou
Why sell a rape whistle in the U.S.? Hannity could argue, because Americans are rapist. bad ppl prey on OWS camps
sorry I made them for Ronald . Lol . I'm making more this weekend 😁
Congrats to , into the semis of mixed doubles at the US Open! Impressive.
Im terrible with directions. Dont attempt to tell me how to get there, just give me your address. Happy Birthday, btw.
Nickel may look good but it is a very poor conductor (only 15% conductivity). Wireworld uses zero nickel by design for superior sound.
I declare today #lazysunday. This means you will find me laying on the couch or reclining in my Poang chair w/ book & or
hmm wonder what changed their minds
you're like victoria secret and they're like walmart women's lingerie
O Yeah i got a casting call for bad girls club im so excitied..
ha ha not as a right now ;-)
How ya doin?
shout out!!! To the baddest dude at marquee lv and the NHL!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
ITS A BUNCH OF DUMMY'S ON THE WESTSIDE SO YEA THEY WILL FIND IT.
Nerding out over the new Nike NFL jerseys!!! 3rd jersey for the ? Where do l line up!?!?
I hope I get this car.
"Believe!" - Rob Mitchell
Watching "Marley". Recommended by
unless you're me. Such is the force of my will.
RT : Instead of #prayingforjapan which solves nothing how about donating money
Just sent off a grant check -- sending the kids at Frontier Middle School on a college day trip. BFT supporters, pat yourself on the back.
Boy:"why do you wear a bra?..you don't have anything to put in it......." Girl:"you wear pants don't you?"
Good luck boo!
To succeed, you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. ~ Tony Dorsett
Thank heavens for Trader Joes!
Get well soon
baseball fans any suggestions for my next baseball trip next summer? I've been to Fenway,Pitts,Balt,Minny,Detroit and Cinn,Cleve,and Toronto
it isn't that hard to remember to eat. Should be part of your everyday routine.
I am NOT saying anything about a part of the country that eats bacon-fat GRAVY on BREAKFAST, but Dollywood=extreme example.
Hey lady who left me!!
I'd love a bourbon vacation about now, but Vodka doesn't have any Carbs.
Sexy ;D
Hey um. Can I have my porn back?
WEEK Ten. How are your papers coming? Free coffee and donuts outside of 6339 Bunche (NCHS).
Congrats and his fiancée on the birth of their kid!!
Drinking smoothies and Layin on the couch chillin .....yawn
You guys might want to watch a broadcast. Both #Nats and #Orioles broadcasts are great.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you
A lot can happen in one minute
Success is predictable. - Brian Tracy
I love what I see !! Keep it up!
it wasn't the last season
Rushers Rock (:
indeed! miss you! ox
Workbridge Internet is down which means no mail either :( call if you need us 2152090100.
Hope you guys used protection! Har har.
Princeton I Wish You Come Back To New York I Miss You /:
We felt it over here, too.
JB please come even here in india .........
if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. There is so much to see/do/eat/drink.
#sanpedro i had a great day of running & walking for charity. 2300 people turned out to Conquer the Bridge on Labor Day
Please do not ignore me. I love u so much
what function returns the current taxonomy term for a tax archive page in wordpress?
thats too bad. still a good show. but carrie bugs me with how dramatic she gets damn women
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound at 360
My wife saw that I was out of creamer and had a coupon at hand. This is how most of my troubles tend to start.
Thanks! took that last Sunday at the celebrity softball jam. Good time!
Today, be available for opportunities that speak to your ultimate goals, not just short term.
you're the man! Have a blast. Miss that place.
Farewell show is coming up. It's gunna be a party and we want YOU there! April 9th Murray hill theatre. See ya there!!
Time to start this day. I have shit to do and stupid to fight.
23464! See: Norfolk Naval Operations Base, Oceana Naval Air Station, Little Creek Amphib Base, Old Dominion University...
Don't tell me what I should be doing when you can't even follow your own advice .
and it's true I feel lost without you tonight, but bedtimes in 2 1/2hrs cuz I'm old
Never let anyone bring you down
Merry Christmas!
I'll consider today a success if I can find my months-long-lost Rosetta Stone cds. The apartment is only so big, it's somewhere!!
I'M SELLING 2 TICKETS TO THE JUNE 9, 2012 CONCERT IN VEGAS, FACE VALUE. TWEET ME IF YOURE INTERESTED, AND PLEASE RT SO PEOPLE KNOW.
You don't owe anybody anything but your own happiness. #MyGuidingLight :)
you should find food and then let me know where you find it >.> cause I'm hungry too
Big News Coming soon..........I think you will "like" it. Stay tuned
I'm excited about men's basketball again!
#ca2011 I'm unable to watch the Copa America on my IPAD
So cold. Glad I'm not a dog and can pee inside. Poor Oscar.
Congrats! : It's official, I'm moving to Marketing and Public Affairs!
Thanks for the RT. My sister had her surgery 12-9 and was doing great and 6 days ago she has a perforated intestine
There's nothing like the joy I felt when my son tested my game.
Lol I'm mad lonely n shit. left me hangin n shit dis crazy. I new it thoe. Time to go out wit my niqqas
really? what's the third?
- great PORK BELLY BANH MI today!!! Loved it!
No problem. Just emailed you.
Thanks! Can't wait to all reunite next weekend
Hotlanta. No kidding.
Question: does the Time Magazine breast feeding toddler article mention ToMo's Song of Solomon??
They Time Is Money, I Don't Have Ether One For Y'all Sorry A$$
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf. Everybody touches it but nobody wants it.
i need 13 beers
PhD English candidate forgets to use "also" in the structure "not only, but ALSO"
Good, how about you?! I missed your message from a month or so ago :-(. We need to catch up.
im going 2 the concert in san diego 8/16/12.can u plz tell me were they r gonna have any cd singings or anything like that plz
packing, packing, moving soon....leaving this neighborhood will be like molting: shedding a dirty, uncomfortable exoskeleton and moving on.
I hear you on the allergies. This wind and dust don't help matters either.
Totally not understanding Bledsoe at 18. Maybe DC to Indy, somehow getting Granger?
xD i'm like that with so many groups ;_; its sad
Every man needs two women, a quiet home-maker, and a thrilling nymph!! :))
RT Thought I was calling HarperCollins about a permission...nope, definitely called a singles hotline by accident//Good work!
I liked!!!
Alera Ravino Big &amp; Tall Series High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
up to 8 cars & like 3 sidewalk people.
#Netflix stock up. Talk that it is a buyout target. Kind of like MySpace. PO the customers, suck the money out & sell. Suckers.
San Antonio and OKC....Western Conference final
Imperfect people make better friends.
Sometimes you have amazing weeks as a business. This has definitely been one of them. :)
dude were in th U.S. that is what we do as americans
it's alright it just means ur unique
And it looked like the golfer wanted us to get off the field!
thank you for the follow, we hope to meet you one day.
: So what u waiting for ...u wanna get to know this better or we gone just tweet bou it all day ....
Come on stony brook make it a 5 pt game at the half for me
I never blow dry my own hair. I've literally pulled muscles doing it.
Break time. The QA session should prove to be very lively.
Piling on with all of the other hipsters in wishing "Painter of Light" good riddance.
It's something I need to understand by doing even if it won't be my focus. Just haven't been able to devote attention yet.
hahaha awww he actually looks normal in this pic!!!
same here!
I got a leather one, they're adorable but not obnoxious like 'LOOK AT MY COACH BAG!!!!!!'
The most painful household incident is wearing socks and stepping on an upturned plug. Whats your's
Love is missing someone whenever you're apart, but somehow feeling warm inside because you're close in heart.
"Secret to gaining millions of twitter & facebook followers!... Do something worth following!" — DJohnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
Power take lead 48-41 with :50 left on the clock
thanks so much ;) <----------- Follow these guys!!! Great Nola updates and good news ;)
RACK RACK CITY BISH
Awesome! Looks GREAT - so different from yesterday. :)
also we would like at least 1 month refund because of wasted time and lost productivity. I haven't been able to work
I rather see u on mike @ Molly it's not very nice here in the east raining sleeting only 33 degrees have a good evening night
Above the belt & in the dirt are both called 3rd strikes in today's #Phillies game.
Nat Geo ‘Expert’ poking a squid. Squid tries to bite him & expert says, “WOW, IT’S LIKE THIS THING HAS A MIND OF IT’S OWN!” What an asshole.
me to
A buddy of mine is working with ESPN today. You are standing up?
Night Mel
World Cup Soccer Starting in 1 Week! First match will be Friday at 7am with South Africa vs Mexico.
Any team that beats the Blazers in round one wins the championship...just saying....
Happy national metal day on VH1 Classic!
wonder what happens on an actual road trip - ewwwwwwwwww! Lol
the awkward moment when people don't recognize u.
It is not taboo!! Lol hysterical
Oh, that's a cute name hehe. My name is Alyssa.
Can't wait. But gonna install you on Linux this weekend then maybe windows.: TileMill is coming to Windows in just a few weeks!"
Darci also requested that you get one of those cute male nurses for her. :) Feel better soon!
Thinks Luke's chili tastes better the second day!
RT if u agree....SPORTS = a thrill,an addiction,a 1st love u never have to get over, a craving, happiness multiplied - SPORTS JUNKIES UNITE!
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3
Happy Birthday(:
Ahh I can't wait to see you!
Can't sleep, so I offered McCann for Hosmer in fantasy since I already have Lucroy and Montero. Possible I suppose. Though, he be an idiot.
Canned produce just as good as fresh produce?
Apparently, the Holidays 2011 means gifting a lot of things to.... MYSELF (okay okay, i did donate to charities too)
#ICantStandPeopleWho take you for granted
Take that back, BetenCOURT! Sorry, I ever doubted you.
That's what we like to hear! RT Sweatiest non bikram class ever at South Miami, but felt so good!
Just booked our tickets for in London, July 2012. Woop woop! :-)
Happy Birthday Austin! we're finally the same age! (:
Error: Page Not Found. Well go find it, I need Tumblr.
I enjoyed that. :-)
One Direction is coming to my city alreadyy!! Lol everyones over here fangirling...
This movie is trippy af :o
O's win! First place is ours!
i don't understand this drug talk
Thats hilarious a girl that dudes only wanna date becuz of her ass wanna talk crap. Bhahahahah hillarious
I agree!
Final #Alliclass this morning in a little over an hour.
Nuts neighbour is running air conditioner right now! Really? Open a window, you pinhead!!
I jus realized that I got a bigass head!
Ur legal now! Woohoo! Happy 21ST BIRTHDAY! Have the best one EVER! NOW U CAN HAVE THOSE DRINKS. LOVE YOU & ENJOY! TALK ...
“A teacher who loves learning earns the right and the ability to help others learn.” Ruth Beechick
Right back at ya xoxo
Let employees amplify their emergent strengths. Avoid top down visions and new policies. Change the institutional structure.
I most defiantly do not. 😜 your the only one that does.
--> RT : Dont have phone sex. You might get hearing aids. LOL
because we're amazing
for ! plays him on.
Can you please follow me?
#2011icf Intuition can help you focus&get unstuck. It can help you decide which next step to take. Which choice has the most vitality?
Just finished my "magnum opus" but can't figure out what I need to do to make it marketable. Plus, Word crapped out on me again.
#10hotpeopleIfollow FOLLOW HIM! He's soo freaking nice! & fun to talk to!
If you missed it late last night: NEW POST: Does 'Specialty Coffee' have an image problem? bit.ly/nbBhwI
how was the show? First one I've missed in a long long time
Did I mention the office space I have in Old Town is a historic building and there is gated secure parking & relaxing courtyard 4801602
i could write you a symphony
Goodmorning...."When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. "
Just found out a guy almost died from a lifesaver candy....I'm sorry now that's just... Yeah.
Me and my hoes gone get locked up for mob action after school.
Leaping houses in my special shoes.
": ": Someone grab me a shirt!!! #clippers".....Fuck your punk ass shirt" lmfao
"Don't flash anyone I wouldn't flash."...I give good life advice on during spring break & doing my part to help our youth.
Well, we knew that was coming.
Ever seen 10,000 tulips? That's how many we have blooming outside in the Sunken Garden! Don't miss a spectacular view!
hahaha #paper!!!! I hope I didn't leave my light on again lol
I meant to put *state
to bad u lost
Why are we giving away possession so easily all of a sudden
agh i hate u..go again lol
"the Easter bunny is a jerk and a thief" -Lauren
Get Off My Top!
thanks for NOT having my back!
omfg same but your profile picture is really great :3
The nba needs to fast foward to the playoffs
I will! Tomorrow is a little crazy and Thursday I have 3 finals. But I will come say bye right before I leave
I'm sorry but I love the album Lulu.Especially on vinyl. Sue me.The new George Harrison Early Takes Vol. 1 is great too.
I can't believe I get 16 free wallets!
Time to get some lunch. I'm thinking the lunch of champions with the most awesome of foods; the
Thank you Jenks Public Schools for listening to parents and changing the bus routes to a safe location for our kids.
aww yay! we love Captiain America!!!! and we love #LACancerChallenge.. any costume ideas??
Shoots....He Scores!
up in the air as of now. But hitting up #Miami for #ultramusicfestival2012!!!
ya ikr...soo hows us without me? :P my class is so easy all we do is watch movies and like stare at powerpoints lol(:
Thinking about the fact that two of my all-time favorite movies, "The Parent Trap" and "The Magnificent Seven," turn 50 this year.
I thought it was a can anyway. Looking at it again, it might be cardboard. Whatever, it's still cool
In a chocolate chip cookie coma.....
Hahaha "well it doesnt taste like that" Ew thank God we're done with that. I miss you so much! Tell evryone i say hi:)
I had the craziest dream last night. Real real crazy man.
In Hamden, CT. shows and battles comin up soon! follow the leader...
anyone feels like giving me a gift lol - I am gladly accepting punching bags!!! <boom><boom><boom>
no ma'am I dnt think they were twins
Sellout! Just kidding, keep up the good work at the new gig!
has updated their site. you can now listen to all of their broadcasts including our #1Favorite where we talk
Hm. Scottish Breakfast tea is a lot stronger than Russian Country tea.
haha funny you asked. I once bought an iron from two italian guys only cause they were so good lookin, only to find out....
Would you like to know what one document the seller has, that you must review before you can make a rational purchase decision? 702-245-7227
For the record, I stole "upsetting" from you. It's an instant classic. I can't stop saying it. Hearts for Moon snark.
I dunno if I'm more offended or confused why it's pertinent to women in 2012, but whatevs. I got a chainsaw in the mail today.
What makes something impossible? It became impossible when you called it that. Note to self: 'Change the way I think'
hey - pretty sure that one of the dudes from has out-hairdo'd you...
#3WordsForYou You're pretty cute
#SXSWi has passed, and we've already plowed way ahead and are finalizing the visual design for Storypress. Stay tuned!
Big thanks to the multiple #ffs I received today. I've barely been on this week and to my suprise my followers took a leap. Fun.
They taking forever in this nail place
WTF!!! Catch the damn ball!
My 92 year old grandma is staying up later than me tonight. I'm cool.
If you think it's time for us to have new music, comment this status stating your favorite dessert.
This GUY Farts EVERYDAY &&laughs about it !!! 
Also, I think I am abusing My article backlog is intense.
She says i know you changed i never see you cuz youre always busy doing things...
aww thank you you just made my day....
Sunday tourney doubled early
Good morning errrbodi...omw to the hospital again after that car accident...
we'd love to! :-D RT : you and should come to chapel hill, nc ASAP... Or Wilmington! 👍
I will, and let me know when u r in LA next time so we can catch up
"The words you'll most regret are the ones that are left unsaid."
Did I mention my new fave twitter app is twicca? Clean, has all the bells and whistles I need, including color coding specific tweeps.....
I miss my lady
Tape it! Looks like this is only broadcast scheduled for now. Also available on DVD with 15% off until May 21
Went to #TheContainerStore with what seemed like 17,000 fellow shoppers. Business thriving on
So a glass of wine and cuddle up in my bed alone, movie night all night...
I saw your web page great job. beautiful headshots. You're a funny girl great comedic timing:)
OMG my man would never let me play her. He'd rather jump out a moving car.
Stupid butt lips. Are they trying to be Bing or something?
To look for a home with an in-unit air conditioning or swim in my sweat, forever -- that is the question.
You know when you ve gone for a girl who s abit too young when you ve got to make the train noise to get your C
Agreed to review an article resubmission that I voted to reject the first time around - staying open-minded. Please be better...
Q2: My mechanic treats me like preschool show and tell... which is exactly what I need.
Out of 180 questions, I can only miss 50. *gulp*
hi missy!! Good to see you here
If you still don't have plans for Saturday, please join us at the The Greater Riverview Chamber of Commerce golf tournament!
LOCAL honey can relieve sinus problems due to allergy. Even better, if you know which plants allergic to, get that honey. Wildflower is good
thanking the great people for the FF love
Cannot wait to see Cat Country listeners at Pensacola Beach this weekend! Toes in the water, fanny in the sand!
Polo i got horse power
Bubbles Baths always make everything ok
I just got April fooled-_-
E! News just played clip and talked about new music video"Role Model" feat/
Good to hear!
Woke up this with a block on my shoulder... failure is not option..
Love to remove all the unfollowers if you follow just to get me to follow don't waste your time I #unfollow just as fast
Don’t reject a story idea because the topic feels too private....
J! whats ur email? Or private msg me..
oh happy birthday cuzz
Is anyone I know going to MCDM's panel next week?
Omg I love thunder<3 it's like my sleeping medicine lol
Hell yeah i be kickin coo shit ;)
Make sure ur at ma B DAY PARTY THIS SATURDAY AT CLUB PLATIINUM 425 river st ,ooff lake in charlotte,rochester NY
I wonder if tweets his fans back or has a hired tweeterer
when niggas making moves out dea?
It really sucks I couldn't attend your concert today with my mom for mothers day because of my sprained ankle
In God's strength, it's amazing how you can turn from, " I can't do this." to "I can do ALL things."
sharing user context is what tracking cookies and mobile identifier exploits are seeking
Show tonight at Willowbrook for youth. Pray for souls and pray I get to feeling better! :)
All access conferenc. culture happens by default or by design
TWURKIN'B ON MY NEW SONG STAY VAMPIRE LIKE CUZ A QUEEN IZ DEFINITELY THIRSTY 4 SUCCESS! FOLLOW CREAM OR SWALLOW CREAM...
i Love jonny rockets #YUMMY plz reply
They didn't deserve that
Taylor was like the sound of nails scratching on a chalkboard. kanye will dedicate to his mother maybe?
like police brutality is just black ppl resisting arrest; that type of mentality still exists
mice/mouses rodent/GUI device. No idea why I felt the need to contribute this.
The noises that come out of my mouth when I see a spider are so impressive to me. It's like I momentarily speak gorilla.
saw at Blossom music Center in Ohio!
Today is National Margarita Day. It's not even 11am yet and I already feel like I need a few!
Up next, as the cheesecake digests, Battledecks!
MLB should just accept the loss and move on. We know it disagrees with the Braun decision.
Thanks for the comment!
Afta I get done watchin LaLa imma watch Nightmare On Elm Street 2 and wait for my baby ta get home :}
Happy Mother's Day Cassandra!
So how safe is the #insanity workout for people who suffer from asthma?
100% Chance of Rain? I love it when the weather man is wrong. Got a 2 and half hour ride outside today. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the hottest rocker ever!(; I love you
Looking for meeting space for your charity board, club or organization. Shoot us a DM! We’d love to help.
I KNOW RIGHT?!
can i take a vacation from life?
Your wife should be writing for SNL.
"...and we find it must be passed by in silence and that its bitterness must be drunken alone.”
Sitting here with my lil sis trying to find somthing to do. What to do what to do ?
… "Social engagement is what provides the foundations for language.” - Peter Hobson
Thanks 4 the RT…Love what you’re doing to elevate the #arts & #artsed in #Chicago…also loved your magic mole @ #Cascabel :-)
Watch the throne was simply amazing last night, by far the best concert I been to in recent memory.
How do I find Mad Dogg Spinning studios in NYC? Indoor cycling in this town is full of contraindicated moves. Help, please!
Lets go baby RT : Let's go Celtics! #Boston ????
If people would bleed monsters id be a vampire
RT : An attitude is like a flat tire you can't go anywhere until you change it.
#FLAPanthers get two goals in the 2nd and now just trail 3-2 to the #NJDevils. Great period for the Cats. Should be a wild final 20 minutes!
Native American Kids Need you. Visit Http://www.pineridgechildrensvillage.com and donate a used coat to someone who needs it.
often caught up in confusion & need a dissolution. they tell me the solution is get through the illusion im living ..
gotta get out there & hustle 4 Wat u want....
Nail shop flow
you're such a badass!! Call me :)
Wish more people would take this to heart! "...don't you ever NOT recognize YOURSELF in somebody else..." -Dr. Vega
Looking forward to meeting with single tenant net lease developers
yep! radio doesn't close in Denver either!! -AJ
I miss you to!
. is this new handle your Jersey Shore name?
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives. Viktor Frankl -
Slap "Mike The Incident"
Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
So nice of the #BPL to schedule this Arsenal v Newcastle game so close to my knee surgery.
I don't have high standards when it comes to women but if you have a fupa, get the fuck away from me.
Technology moves banking to the small stores where people already go in poor countries, mob phones take it furtherance plc 2 save
Lets rock out with my c*ck out lol.
Forms are filled out, syllabus has been read and you've picked out your favorite seat. 1st week down. Hope it's been a good one!
RT : Good morning #Bartab fans!! Who's ready for this #Monday? Yeah me neither lol
Just made reservations for ! Super excited to try Paul's place!
RocLyfe Ent. (Where Music Becomes Legendary)
Two more days until our Grand Opening at Navy Pier!
It's true! RT : We hear again & again that is #Cincy's #bestkeptsecret. RT this tweet to spread the word!
DESIGN IS KEY: Most people who enter an Apple store leave w/o buying anything yet feel 100% satisfied -- at
you too!!!
all you can eat salad and breadsticks!
Did you know that Americans eat 60.4 lbs. of chicken a year? Why not make it 60 lbs. of Chick-fil-A?
I've heard the rumor that some Starbucks here have applied for a liquor license… so there is hope :-)
"crushing weight of the world, stronger than all the racks and wheels which the cowardly invent to crush out the miracle of personality."
Okay #Sears repair guy. Feel free to call at any time now. I was told you'd call BEFORE the time window to give me a more accurate ETA.
It's been an hour and 45 minutes! This was supposed to take 5 minutes! AH *shoots everyone in here*
What's that? Salsa at The Marquee Lounge starting February 18th?? Free?
Awesome! Polar Bears amaze me! And the hood is beautiful:)
We worked hard today in #JOUR1550 and and I only have a little left to do and put that Weebly page together!
Lebronnnnn! He's comin for that ring!! 💎💍💎
RT "Social media is like air. It should flow through anything and everything and completely." ~ -...
Thanks, Amanda!
simply laying down the facts. We are a better team obviously. Thus there are reasons why we lost
We are doing a blog post on aligning students, teachers and parents and would love to quote you, would that be OK?
You can't say "Pink Visual" on the radio?
We're gonna rock our purple while we volunteer at State Fair today!! Can't wait to see my second fam!
The world is waiting to see you! Lets get you seen! #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
it would be hard to do many theatre and art classes online, except for theory&history I think. Tho again, maybe I'm inside the box
Same ol shit. Jus a difrnt day. It prolly won't change... So imma change how I deal wit it.
Ohmigosh please teach me when you do! I am curious about Arduino, but I have no idea where to start.
There needs to be a country singer with the last name Ditry.
what're your intentions while you're here?
I'm single. You're single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here?
thank you for the support!
Friday Question: Who was nick-named the "King of Rockabilly"??
Q: What would you do if you would have won the lottery? Where would you be right now?
"Studying" with :)
Think we got the brush off
#NowWatching #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER Hello from Baltimore, MD! love the Chapmans! Missed you guys!
Teary eyed sweet mothers day texts aw I feel so lived and appreciated right nw and after the last 6mnths thts wt I rly wanted to feel
#HappyBirthdayRobertPattinson same day with me.. haha :D
#gobeavs NW Sports tonight will replay the final four minutes of the OSU/WASH game at 7:45
Truly enjoying 's songwriting and performing in recapping the #HBDemo presentations!
#Libya #Tripoli Just heard --- #Gaddafi has switched sides. He was seen waving a green flag and carrying off loot.
I hate when I fix a problem without having a clue what I did to fix it!
I don't like news that the OCCUPY MOVEMENT or those involved are braking windows throwing bottles burning flags or trying 2 insight riots
I don't think the Lakers are losing another game until November. This just in....
Mom's Day: My poor mom fell taking the dog outside (she probably shouldn't have been wearing my 7yo nephew's shoes!) Thankfully she's ok!
I fall in love with girls aught up with superficial glamour, who dress like Sarah Jessica, and live like Princess Diana.
Never mind the screaming child was brought back home.
Go Pistons! RT: Pistons and heat tonight? I'm on it!
Definitely! There's nothing booked yet, but I'm sure we'll be down there soon for sure!
If the end times come, I have enough yarn for 5 sweaters, but no bottled water and only a week's worth of food.
So stared at the menu for like 5 minutes and then orders onion rings....#why lolol.
Weeding my #librarything account in preparation for #LIS415. Haven't used it in a while!
#808Pride stick n stones might break my bones but words will never heart me...bull words hurt and so do ppl
In all the games today, no one had more than 7 assists.
IME, if you just keep up the routine, as they get older you can start to hold them accountable for doing it at home.
RIGHT ON! RT: For most technologyMakes things easier. For people w.disabilities, technologymakes thingsPossible
If you are impatient, sit down quietly and commune with Job..
Milwaukee I'm home!
well you are the #Lioness you usually get what you want...hope you make the game!
thank you
Just watched this. Great video but not sure what I think just yet.
That would make an awesome lawn ornament!
fair enough, what color would you like your ear & belly button ? lmao !
“: not u shawty”just making sho.!!
Thinking of while listing to Up!. Lol
I havent gone completely insane but i think it might happen soon
You're tweeting code, buddy. :-)
Please, be mine again :(
Come watch play at #Frubble in #SanDiego #Santee ! They play at 8pm!
If he starts dating her I'm deleting everything !
Oh hello, mister. Good to see you back. And yes OMG. I don't even know what to say, it was too ridiculous.
of course they do
- "Cracker Jack" lol
RT : Who wants to win Bruce Springsteen tickets? Come to Knighthawks Legends Night at Thurs Night!
IBR is saving my life!!
Ignite Your Growth filling up-sign up now for Social media session-www.tgignite.com
How late am I gonna be up with this first round? Lord.
where's and ?
You probably shouldn't be ungrateful in any way and you should probably learn to be a better person
did you guys hear about Dirk Diggler from boogie nights? Yeah, he finally came back to Miami for the 15th time
THIS WEEKEND >
lesson this wk jumps to year 3?
thanks for the follow totally dig your flea market pics on FB
Awesome finally meeting up! Next time in zero-g???
Isn't she pretty Truly the angel's best Boy I'm so happy We have been heaven blessed-Stevie Wonder
I Kno Right , This My Favorite Song Too . . Lol :)
hell yea
The store called it "dark chocolate cran raisin trail mix." I'm calling it heaven.
The level of customer service @ a 5-star hotel should be the goal of any customer service operation. Even manuscript repositories.
And it's late. How is that possible? It's on rails! The magic is already gone, shiny new T, all ready gone.
are you at school?
working on some real etsy orders. Yay! thank you everyone!
The last few mornings I have been playing with the puppy instead of going to the gym. I think I made the right decision. :)
Had a good night :)
If you find your self in a dark place of the soul. Remember your soul is bright like the Sun. Smile and shine
Oh, I see. Jared Teter lol.
im praying everything is okay<3 hopefully it'll be better tomorrow...
Just got back from 920mile trip to OBX (Outter Banks) NC. Shot estimate 5000 photos! Holy moly.
Hey! Just doing fun homework
So glad you enjoyed your visit! No Baltimore locations planned, but we are always looking to expand! We'll pass ur suggestion along!
norm hitzges is losing his mind on Lamar Odom....he needs to be checked.
Ok the songs done fuck add came on
haha, this is awesome.
Yeah the database decided to take a vacation and apparently my monitoring isn't working as well as I thought it was. Sorry!
I think so lol
#GodBlessAmerica been watching September 11 shows on the history channel all day. Depressingg. #NeverForget <3
If I Die Tomorrow print out the letters I wrote to the boys and give them to them. bury me with my CD, iPod & posters. that is all xx
You can customize t-shirts with whatever you would like to.
hey, free promo, haha im flattered
Looks like its back now. Havent tested but will on Wed and respond.
Public domain is the rule, copyright protection is the exception.
his name is Henry Rowengartner
please follow back Madison I'm not gonna give up!(:
So shouldn't you have posted that in 19 hours? :D
bahahahaha i know! It's so perfect!
I'm going with Drive. But also LOVE Beginners. Both personal favs tho haven't seen Take Shelter or Descendants yet.
Not what I wanted to hear Jeff. Your web site is awesome. Did you do it yourself?
mike smith's job needs to be in question after repeatedly making bad 4th down decisions in multiple games this year
Lol.. they jus dnt get it... I dnt give a fucc about yo money so u can stop and move it on along. Lol shit
is SO gorgeous. I'm so jealous!
Great quote. “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
Hey *blushes*
FYI: Visualization tools like hypnosis can work wonders!
you're lucky not all of us are tweeting you from that boston directioner group! haha there's 231 of us
I see you used the typical spelling correction defense which is normally used when you're too stupid to think of anything else
Gotta give it to ur haterz... Theyre great at consistency
Good morning San Diego and happy Thursday! One more day to go before the weekend!
LAKERS WIN!! [88 - 87] OT HELL YEAH! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOOHOO! #TeamL ...
This Bitch can't teach
why'd he have to eat the brownies and chocolate cake he was doing so well!
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I love hearing it on Sirius!
Glad to know surgery went well!
You are so sweet! How's SF treatin' you?
thanks i am following you back
Sheree Whitfield leaving ‘Real Housewives of Atlanta’ Sheree Whitfield is moving out of the house. The “Real Housewives of Atlant
aren't you cool lmao I wasn't fit to go at all
getting more action on than any other driver... Thanks for the on track commentary Brad!
Hope everyone gets some REST tonight!!!!!!!! GREAT WEEKEND EVERYONE!!!!! Thank you SO much for enjoying it with us!
ND:Elena is still holding on to her love and the idea of what she remembers to be the perfect relationship that she had with Stefan
I can't wait for "who needs miami" party tonight !!! Going to be sick
I wish it was like this all the time
So creepy! (But awesome)
this is actually from 'm running his account! Thanks for the RT :)
I endorsed Clarence Hui on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
These stupid fucks are straight talking not whispering about pills in front of the teacher
My dog does not love me anymore uh uh
RT Wouldn't be a Fox telecast without Ryan Demspter's stupid Harry Caray impression.
damn that's awesome, would love to hear NoFX
so apparently our new thing is not talking.i guess i have to play along.
four teams in the sweet 16 are from Ohio. Great stuff!
time to occupy a jail cell
The Fellini of Anime. Satoshi Kon, creator of Paranoia Agent and Paprika passed today. I was a huge fan and this is a big loss.
Obtained two rain barrels for our garden!
March 18th = me being on in Orlando!!! Can't wait for
NBC 7 Investigation reveals potentially damaging information about Arizona cop who accuses SDPD officers of misconduct. Tonight at 11.
Me too re: the mint chocolate malt balls at #pii2012! my fitness tracker on is going to score me poorly lol
good luck! you can do it!
Just because YOU say I benefited doesn't mean I benefited.
ohmygod if you followed me I'd cry tears of joy :'3 you're so incredible :)!
Low key evening of pizza from Noah's followed by some delicious cookie dough ice cream and a movie.
Thank you! RT : thanks for the Reed lows. You guys are sick!
i guess the world will neva know...
Too funny!
Oh, the things I must do! Can't wait for this weekend, but still have tons to get done!
Bout to make poppa a cake and make sum angel food candy ;)
Evaluating LoadComplete 2.5 Beta to see if any of my 2.0 enhancement reqs are addressed there.
Get your #creative juices flowing: drawastickman.com Thanks to for sharing.
": H A T E R S = Having Anger Towards Everyone Reaching Success."
West Marine Six10 epoxy is cured. Ready to finish sanding and get ready for bottom paint this weekend!
another good day on the recruiting front at Talking to smart people is such a rush.
E watching a scary movie:/
LMAO your so desperate you have no one since you left
what's wrong! ?
uck enough already, I never knew a cold could be so bad for so long :/
Fun to analzye the rhetoric of Blackboard vs. the rhetoric of Moodle in
- Thanks for following me!
I'm at a pay phone trying to call home.
i wanted to keep my prom ticket!! some ppl kept theirs but no lady didnt let me!!
At the concert... Rick Ross on stage now killen em.
lol oh yeah i changed it. didnt want people from school finding it haha how much money should we bring tomorrow and also can
do u still go to Shiloh
My guinea pig has drinking problems. She learned from the best. ;)
just checking in. Would love some feedback from the dropbox when you get a chance. Check out Two Weeks of Peaks on WEW.
#fake1Dquotes I hate girls who eat carrots.
calm down julia
Pandora bracelets should be a signature accessory. Asking it as a gift
Embracing (and loving) the dark side.
About to clean up & work out. God give me strength. Lbs. I'm so tired.
the award is we found a table and didn't have to stand
Interesting schedule this week: new biz lunch, growth club and road trip down to Baja.
Did you have fun at the game yesterday?
RT if you like tha rap name Young KRhymes! K + Rhymes, pronounced Crimes. R E T W E E T!!!
RT : As we grow in wisdom, we pardon more freely. - Madame de Stael
$99/mo for live receptionist phone answering? Includes appoinment scheduling, order processing, phone/fax numbers and more!
What up boy you still balling
Signed 6 tracks today..... SUMMER RELEASE!!!!!!!!! SERIOUS
Woah. I'm so glad that and are cool.
Packing for the move!!!
I am so happy austin followed me on my personal account yesterday<3
Worry about your character, not your reputation. Your character is who you are and your reputation is what others think you are.
still looking for a few more sponsors.
Busy day today as we continue with shoots for added footage and mtgs this afternoon with sound houses. Still much to do....
NSF Cyberlearning and workforce development need to adjust our 21st century educational approaches
thanks hunny bunny!!!
but your so cool now
Word of the day to say out loud: delectable. via
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible...
I just realized.....I don't like ANY OF YALL!!! o_0
not weird at all! (: <3 everyone has their own opinion. <3
10 minute trainer challenge starts Dec. 18th! 2 more spots left. Message me if you're in :)
I can probably do the same. If we edit it to cut scenes, people might think that we didn't one take it either. I can do it though.
dont hate you know you be eating them rite with him
Off to listen to graduate conference papers -- they look to be a good bunch.
Sorry, Violet's never leaving the house...good times Also Tate v. Dad fight scene...perfect! Guess I'm a sicko
dude thanks so much dude!! We appreciate you listening brother!
you are all set
thank you
No pre Concussion tests can prevent brain injuries in football. Only preventing the behavior that causes concussions can.
It was a tough 15th Spiritual Birthday,but it's been said:a bad day in the Kingdom of God is much better then the best day in the world!-MOD
I'm getting server errors. Is this a known problem?
Dear Prius driver: BTW yelling at me for the dent in your hood when you hit me, the runner, after you ran the stop sign was a bit arrogant.
What happened?!
It only hurts when you start pretending that it doesn't.
If it's meant to be, it will happen. That's my motto.
Derek is right. Collaboration sucks.
your gonna love it! Its awesome. Now your only decision is to sit at the counter on the "cafe" side or in the great bar area.
I uploaded a song earlier this week, "Freakin' Out"... would love to know what you think! :o)
sweet man ill check every day :D
really! She is!? Good
I work all fucking weekend & I'm kinda really bent about it. I'm almost 21 wtf I look like working all weekend?
work all day!
french horn is the new steel drum.
It's been a while since I've been in the grandfather paradox. Time to open the gate & jump in.
Great, I got everyone mad at me /:
I'm like a strategic sniper...inserting creativity from the bushes...
I really liked the post today, dude. Good stuff
Congrats to Random House for screwing over libraries with crazy price increases and delusional ideas of perpetuity. Come on, guys
#global #warming sounds too nice. We should call it climathya! via
Tasty News: Amazing burger recipes in June issue of SD/Home Garden
Thank you!! I was having fun! That's what it's all about! :)
R.I.P. Notorious B.I.G.
No fainting tho, success! RT : Hunger Games was one intense movie. My heart was pounding beginning to end.
It's Candice's birthday?! Well happy birthday I love you! #TeamVampireBarbie :)
Purified - Of Mice & Men
I look like a giant baby with a hat.
Thanks, I'll check it out.
You need to focus on the positives, Gary. Like, um...OK, well...gimme a second. You know what? Never mind. We suck.
I love U & thanks for your support!
I'm addicted to work and money!!
Disappointed to be sidelined by illness. Really wanted to start 2012 with some serious dance practice. Shooting for next week!
I'm sure Walter can't help but be a fucking asshole, but I'm just tired.
Playing tonight at hotel angeleno with Sharon Marie Cline, Luca Ellis, Ryan Cross, and old pal Lorca Hart! 9-12, sunset fwy.
Dirty hit by a dirty player on a (surprisingly) classless team that I actually had a lot of respect for before this series began
Is a "Strict Muslim" one who reads the Koran?
"Emily Gets Instagram, In Time For Bacchanal"
at work in pain i need a man to rub my stomach morgan being a ass today or smething i ate
#ShoutOut to my new follower
only if you make the orange line and 34 better
Thanks for following us. Love your background!
Thanks for the mentions, the like and the well wishes, neighbor. Happy New Year to you and your family as well!
happy birthday
Glad you liked it. ;) Launching the site for real in a few days. And lots more to come.
Falling asleep to "Ever After".... Love this movie so much even though I always cry....I want to be in a film like this
#Twitter change/rearrangement surprised me! Disoriented now. Just another challenge that will soon pass. How's it working for you?
Why is religion always so long?
investors wanted for my boys new website www.arhenetwork.com
PipelineFX's Releases ArtistView GUI for Qube! - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
my dad and I are planning our escape from my graduation so we can go to Putnamville instead #ftw 👍
Look for your audience by searching for groups that are directly related to your product or service.
we have one waiting for u. Its getting warm
I've seen both, and while I do like both...I don't know how you're qualifying "most interesting performances."
that ur a newbie ? Lol j.k no what do u mean?! Lol
Ha! At least 'Jared' or 'Jarred' Weaver isn't trending
...I want to listen to that song. Lol
WITH. THE. WORST. NEWS. OF. MY. LIFE.
We just got a ping pong table, all right #Denver startups, be prepared for some competition ;)
Thanks for the Retweet!
yay! you got a twitter! :)
thanks for the mention RT : #Nf If you live or study in Baltimore, you should too.
fell on my butt twice that mess hurt and one highschooler said daayyym lmao
Thanks for the review!
Happy Easter everyone!!!!!! :) god bless you all!!!!
he's moving to Miami!
you should like --> text me.
It's crazy to see how far has come in the past few years! Tonight was definitely one of the best concerts I've been to.
thanks Scott!
Reality Television; the kiss of death for an acting career.
I think modeling goes a way. Takes a long time to start a grassroots movement. But it can happen.
Life goes on!!!
Welcome to my dear Miss Amy! Family rocks! : ) Love you!
Caught him stealing!
The Imperfectionists by Tom Rachman - some of the chapters literally left me speechless. #fridayreads (cc: )
Rain has finally ended in SE WI. Here's a look at rain totals. A cool, but dry weekend ahead
Sorry about today's bay area weather. Drive safely: enjoy the view!
he looks very distinguished!!!
Just saw a guy drinking brisk... Why? People still do that? Like my phone didn't even capitalize "brisk" so I think it doesn't exist anymore
Has really enjoy the earlier morning.
no problem.
second GROW47 committee meeting last night. Great ideas and lots of progress. Another announcement coming tomorrow!
Nicky Romero Testing.
Morning twitter 😍
what's your YouTube again?
Keep your eyes peeled for McDreamy! :)
thanks for the shoutout, Sarah!
well aren't you just sweetest...i guess i was showing off my made for dress legs those days ;) #hawt!
Breakfast club in my pants!
Lebron isn't even worth a dollar. At least you can get four quarters out of a dollar.
It's nice to see Manny keeping the ball down. I feel bad for Lucroy, though.
Bar Fly had a great show at The Crossroads! Great to see everyone again! Next show, this Saturday, May 5
Relaxing after a long week!
my next #food #recipe challenge: cherry wood smoked foie gras with a lightly seared sashimi grade scallop.
This is the most.... ex..pen..siveeeeee time of the year - Andy Williams
Public health is everybody's business: All of these expectations are met for you through the efforts of public health professionals u...
let's do a feature when u in da A homie
No, not "all belieber" are. Stay ignorant.
where r u going for 2:15 session? I'm currently at Mile High 2ab and moving to 1ab so could we meet briefly?
please RT? ive been a fan trying to get a tweet from you since you got on twitter! llove you
I recommend the Delafield Hotel as an awesome, first class location for an event. Nancy there does a fabulous job.
Im the kinda girl that will burst out laughing at something that happened the day before
- Freebird - By far the best Air Guitar Song, if not one of the best with a real guitar too!
hey hey hey mini rocky and sir teddy bear hahaha lol 😄 nite nite and sweet dreams lil sis 😊 glad to hear from you today 💓
...I'm at my freinds party and she is really f'd up lol... so i'm kinda looking out for her n hoping she won't get arrested smh.
Thanks to everyone who follows us, new music comimg soon \m/
Hit it.
We just tapped Founders Breakfast Stout. It's an American Imperial Stout, 8.3% a.b.v.
#healthcare is not the problem - healthcare administration needs change. I.e claims,processing,etc
aww tyler is hosting the #newyears thing for mtv :)
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
The kitchen is Calling ME !
Thanks new followers!
* Walk Into A Restraunt * " Would you like a table ?" No bitch I'll just sit on the floor. -_-
ahh yeahh! Promise to wear it at my going away party :p
I know. I'm just mad that i couldn't finish watching the match that I paid for.
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy learning more about me and my artwork!
Frenchie you are amazing and you totally deserve to be in the competition due to ur fierce determination, ignore the haters!
I am pooped. Goodnight.
got it! Will call back soon :)
Hi mate! watch on my site littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,100% free!
Camos Brothers will be OPEN New Years Day 11am-9pm for all your pizza needs! Be safe & have fun, pizza lovers!
no excuses for being a part time dad
Funny! " SC voters visibly uncomfortable with Mormon candidate, pin their hopes on the candidate with multiple wives. #scprimary"
Be strong!
Mac & cheese pattymelt? Seriously? I'll pass. Not ready to have a stroke.
you fool
hello there gorgeous!
#wordsthatdescribeme hungry (right about now)
Matter of fact i went around the block alone once & some hoodlums stole my bike. Ran home told my older cousins & it was a wrap!
The victory of success is half won when one gains the habit of work.
How much do you want to lose on that wager? :)
Private tutoring for Kids from K-12 and Special Challenged Kids!
how many inches? Its near tshirt weather out here in Cali :)
RT : Dr. Jay Strack share #metro2012 He has spent most of his life advocating for teens & YMs. Thankful to partner w/
AWESOME! Congrats! When are you off?
Mom- so hows it goin? You-wat? Mom-you know u- if i knew i wouldnt have said wat :/ derderder!!!
Dang! how do you pick?
oops... make that Wolfgang...
in my perfect world, train travelers who start their phone convo with "I'm on the train" would be thrown off it.
Just walked in the crib bout to jump in da shower n chill out hml
not really a breakfast person
Thank u Blessed wkend ALL :)
am i losing followers because i'm never on???
Almost time for #H50 finale!! :)
Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr.'s first stolen base was a steal of home just like Mr. Bryce Harper #orioles #nationals 5/31/82
over by a score of 4-2 tonight.
Great! If you get a chance, stop by the ticket office and say hi! Happy Holidays!
Jordan, I cannot say that in fact it is always so
So true! RT : Will Rogers says: "This country has gotten where it is in spite of politics, not by the aid of it."
Going to see in NJ tomorrow (:
NL_Magazine thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
how u been... I see you've been taking your modeling to another level
I like finding healthy things that help better me and my family's life.
Rep. Baldwin said today she is "seriously exploring" running for Kohl's seat in 2012.
God that room full of #Mitt fans was white as hell. Incredibly scary considering the diversity of Florida.
well that just ruined my whole day.
Sam's on his way to Nicaragua for his Spanish immersion program! I am so excited for him, and proud of what a brave young man he is.
really had to go deep on FB to find that 🐭
If Told Me That He Loved Me I Would Legit Get Out My Seat && Run Around The Classroom Screaming... Lol😜
That just made my night lmfao
i want
well it will be more days like that this summer!!! Lol
Goals: ideally are high enough to inspire, low enough to encourage & meaningful enough to keep you going
Get used to that, my friend. He's for real.RT : Jacquizz! Now the #Falcons trail 23-17.
Awesome! I see he's playing at the Mohawk 8/5? Should I plan a trip to Austin then?
Why must my dog sit by the door and bark at nothing all night?
well said...just please do not piss me off:) lol
I ask this girl is she dtf .. Guess what she told me ..!
Im sleepy and i love Ed ok. Night.
You're welcome =)
Met a lot of really nice attorneys at the LACBA immigration training.
Feet are exhausted & hair is frizzy after a day in the rain in ATL. Relaxing at hotel b4 heading out to watch the #BrewCrew & MNF!
Race for the Cure LA! March 24 at Dodger Stadium. - Come run, walk, save a life!
This female really just asked me if she could come to my apartment at 6 in the morning to help her study. Told her HELL NAH!
He'll be fine.
Wanna borrow my sun, Ray? Oh, CRAP! It's already set! :/
An experienced teacher pointed out that I'm expecting these fourth-graders to learn & use too many new skills at once. Oh.
But you're not counting the sartorial vote from
Cliq My Blur!
": Oh, don't be so angry, haha." I know, but it's hard right now ha!
Please have everyone change their minds about the 2012 tour..you need to have one!!! I really hope that you end up making one!!
he is a fat pig
but, oh what the hell, trolling is fun too. "The Grizzlies will win the Title."
Hey guys, it's Rachel!! :)
Ahem. I only want good clean christian music.
Glad to hear class went well. I'll have to remember the account thing for my class.
your amazing and so sweet. Love you. :)
What happened to that fat Irish guy singing God Bless America? The Yankees had a ridiculous record when he sang.
Black Friday Bash at The Woodlands Tavern Friday November 25th 6pm-2am.
hahaha so random. hes been giggling the whole time too
HA love scanning my stuff in self service them realising I don't have my purse!
that would have been AWESOME!
Uniqueness probably the most essential element to a great piece of art.. especially in the music video relm
why do you hate me. Fml.
WOF for a few a few hours and already saw a girl with a mustache, been attacked by a lizard and watched a girl pee all over the ground.
Congrats to A&A Celebrity Board Member Don Mattingly for his first victory as the Manager! Best of luck this season Don!
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Glenn Braggs, who had three hits, including his fourth homer of the season.
Day = made. followed me :)
Such a lazy day
Had a WONDERFUL dinner at the new #rosamexicano in Chevy Chase... it's formally opening tonight!
One thing I hate about bowling. Im better then my friends xD
It's amazing how many NBA and NFL players just realized they needed non prescription glasses to walk around.
the Easter Bunny and I are doing some serious editing! New clips are long over due!! Promising new goodies online by next weekend.
From the looks of things, winter is upon us.
Getting out paranormal nerd on TOMORROW w/ & !! SO STOKED!
Singing jazz at Tula's in Seattle this Wednesday, November 25th with 4 other great vocalists. It's my birthday Thursday too. Gobble, gobble.
Don't you die on me, Quinn, don't you dare do it! , fabulous as always and unexpected! Great foreshadowing through the episode.
no pressure lol
great meeting last night, we had a packed house....
oh lmfao you just need more friends. Start adding everyone jk lol idk.
The "Personal Massagers" at Brookstone are getting overtly dirty ...
Where did you AT&T ad for Adam? TV, radio or print?
i'd probably have anger management if my mom wasn't such a bitch.. like, my mom being her is the only thing the doesn't make me lose control
NO LINE / NO COVER FOR BAR CRAWL PARTY BUS RIDERS AT: CLUB ALBEE, COYOTE UGLY, MICHAEL MURPHY'S, PARALOGIA, ROK BAR, AND SKKY BAR
backlash has some pretty good matches. y2j vs ricky looks like a very good match...
haha yeah? lol i watch Arthur every single morning.
Cottage + MEN
Happy Prom, VBHS. Everyone's gonna get too drunk, drama is in the air and no ones night is gonna go as planned. Enjoy!
Ghetto Translations: "It be like that sometimes" = I am aware of your situation, unfortunately there is nothing I can do about it.
Hey Ronellee! We were "virtually" there-As we import several of the Torrontes featured - tweeting from ;)
#Gardeners out there. Help. #Whiteflies on my most favorite plant. Need organic solution.
Just received a cool t-shirt from Routa Athletik. We're pretty sure they're Finnish . . .
I'm going next weekend.... uh oh.
Sorry we took a hiatus everyone! We promise to come back with supreme awesomeness! Happy holidays and best wishes from the crew.
watching he called the Iowa Caucuses an auction... i'm done. already
why didn't Stafford get fined for ripping the helmet off DJ Moore?
What if I hit tweet limit?!?! :0 what's it like?? 
And thanks!
Hey guys its sophia :P, I really dunno what to tweet about on lucys account =d
You don't have to be the best, just don't be like the rest.
resistance is futile!
BALL OUT! #NDNation has your back!!
GM! My People Rise And Shine. Let's Get To Business. Friday August 5, 2011
Live a little today. I double dog dare ya.
yup, I gotta get back on it. It doesn't help that it's 80 degrees with 90% humidity by like 10am these days.
I can't help bein happy about UK falling to Vanderbilt today, it feels pretty good I must say
ok I'm down with that
you and april are way too similar. she is the same with those markers and notebooks.
Meet-up hosted by COLLECTIVE MEDIA in Room 205 at 11am. Come by for a drink and networking.
i forever hate you :) im sending you something creative on tumblr :)
yea, I guess we got played
OK. And? The two kids who got heavy-duty cough meds supposedly to cure the plague? Yeah. Coughing up lungs. *sigh*
OK GUYS!!! this is the 1st song: Seas would rise when I gave the word
RT : Can't wait to go to formal with ! :D #BestFriends -The bestest!!!:)
Will Garage Sale, the Baltimore band, be doing the music for the Garage Sale movie?
A complete afternoon of press releases. Lawd help me.
Not mad at cha
I was a little out of it when I wrote that...but at the time I thought it was funniest shit ever.
Goodnight. I'm sleepy
back in queens working with
Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying and believe in yourself!
Through Sunday, 10% off Beatles merchandise (Yay Royal Wedding) and 20% off shuttle models in honor of #Endeavor launch.
put me in my first video we gonna be great as a colab real talk ur awesome
Front page of purevolume!!!! Top promo pick!!!! We are giving our brand new single away for free!! www.purevolume.com
# 134th applicant today for the lousiest friggin job ...watch them call ..fml
1st day of speed & agility camp! I beasted on dem kids out there....still pushing tho, can always get better
They're both terrific -- great voice talent in the movies!
lol dont let em bother you lol. work your bun lol. have a great one
I HATE the sound of these damn birds in the morning .so annoying by my window
Why do gay men have better bodies than straight men? Is there some gym gene that comes with being gay?
FTK: #MyGerms will contain only original beats completely produced by ocraM.
Listening to The First Rule by Robert Crais
Clinton - Focus on low hanging fruit: methane reduction (landfills), finance energy efficiency, modernize grid (reach stranded wind)
You're welcome! Thanks for doing what you do. :)
IF JUSTIN BIEBER DO NOT NOTICE ME NOW I WILL FLY TO THE USA AND WILL HAVE FUN WITH THIS SWAGGER
Dear people who think that twitter is your diary, Its not. Get a journal please. Sincerely, Me.
I'ma snail killer, WAAAH! :(
#JustRemeberThat NOTHING is guaranteed
I will be M.I.A. please do not call me, text me, worry about me or gps my location. You will not find me. Please do not contact the police..
Lets go peeeeoooooppplllleeee
I'm marrying that.
Actually, fact that Warner hit was clean goes MORE to Warner's feeling re his kids. Can't protect them from clean hits.
Haven't had a Snickers in year. Eating one now and it's amazing.
WHEN SETH MILLER LIKES YOUR PICTURE ON FACEBOOK >>>>>>>>>>>
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Some days I love The Doors more than Pink Floyd. Usually on nice summer days.
I wish I could be there with my girlfriends! Love you both!
RT : So many blog platforms, so little time. Check out WordPress, Blogger, LiveJournal, TypePad and Xanga.
I switched to an earlier flight and now it's delayed.
Thanks. It wasn't too bad.
93% counted now, Democratic voters still have 33,204-vote lead over Walker voters state-wide.
I'm reading No Man Is An Island by #thomasmerton. Incredible, deeply insightful book about Christian spirituality. Knowing the one true God
Lets go Rangers! Lets go Rangers! Lets go Rangers! Lets go Rangers!
as I'm listening to u guys at a red light for over 30 sec: phone in hand checking Facebook... sad
Had the best dinner tonight. Thank you Johnny Downey
#WhatILoveAboutAfrica its amazingly beautiful and those commercials about poor black ppl homeless is very misleading.
The Shuffled Hustle by free preview TODAY ONLY on Amazon Kindle. The Shuffled Hustle II coming soon...
I'll send my best regards... from hell.
one thing by one direction!
I'm trying to motivate to write my web script! Lol
Happy Monday everyone!! Have an excellent week
Who's house? Horns House!
the pictures :(
Haha, to the moon so I see where to place you amongst the stars;)
But, you kinda do....
you can use data to fit a power-law distr. and get precisely how far off 90-9-1 for diff platform.
Shout out to and thanks for following!
It's so creepy that news reporters in LA look like orange plastic. It's very distracting
Couldn't make the #nyc_gis meetup, so signed up for and played with instead. /cc
how can i get u some beats?
Finished reading Part 1 of SATANTANGO. Krasznahorkai writes paragraphs the same way Tarr composes shots.
Our messages >>>
its the roids.....lol just playing, i drink ma milk gurl ;)
Gonna spend the rest of my day painting and drawing.
Prefect! Start studying the food chapters.
yeah, basically. I've been trying to follow the advanced plan.
June 15th "Rub The Felt For Lupus" Charity Poker Tournament. 2000 Staples mill rd. Holiday Inn. 7pm $25 Donation $20 Re-Buys $10 Opt. Add-On
when do you get to town for bridgetown? let's figure out when to record. you are welcome to bring a comic if you like.
Gary Clark Jr. = amazing. Just forced to leave photo pit @ Jimmy Cliff due to high winds and overhead equipment. Loving the weather but...
I'm so fucking having fun right now, I love all my friends cheers bitch;o)
RT - I want a los angeles kings and a new england patriots snap bacc
It feels nice to tune everything out for a minute.
I miss flippin through those Eastbay magazines in class!!!
Special thanks to Peter Le for catering lunch for Private Tour! Volunteers, homeowners, and sponsors are raving!
My wife is a geek. Set up the router, fixed the wireless keyboard & programmed the Peel device. Oh, & made an awesome poached Salmon
Ya Allah, please make me more beautiful. Amin :)
Thanks for the mention. I love those paper.ly items whenever I see them!
I get the sense the experience is really different for undergrads and grads. Mine was for sure. Easier to mix as grads.
Def going to be freaking the fuck out tonight 😡👎☔⚡💦💨
Love the new avi
I'm really going to miss the bums on the Venice boardwalk expounding on the hidden meaning of the murals at 9am Saturday morning.
Maggianos chef just came out to make sure I could navigate the menu and pick good #gf options
when guys get horney their boners act as a compass, he's just trying to locate North
supposedly there's a setting to lock the screen and keep it from rotating. I don't have one though...google answers all.
True RT : A6 Competency withstands scrutiny - we have a responsibility to be able to pass scrutiny
I had a dream last night that I was at a Mars Volta concert. *Sigh* If only...
When you send a pic to someone make sure it's not obvious that it was intended for someone else
wait, school starts again?
printing and graphics nationwide
Its a celebration bitches!!
Making the most of every minute left in Europe! Let's. Get. Weird.
Man the morning shift does fly by.. 3.5 hours left in this day for me.
Woods hole embryo project has embedded metadata training in curriculum
Those particle effects look pretty sweet. I'm gonna have to check those out in the settings.
Zimmer reading amendments to item 9, to be followed by amendments to item 18 (budget). Holding our breath.
I know that feeling -_-
TUT FACT:Pyramid builders were not slaves.Excavated skeletons show workers were skilled Egyptian builders.
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
Many thanks to for hosting the #FourShortStoryWritersoftheApocalypse. They ride again for on May 21.
Luther: Love of the self is slavery; love of others is freedom.
#excited :)) Wrote with today at #Curb!! Really good song;) And noww...homework :P
My apologies, it's RT : Thank you for being a Bronze sponsor of #sdp2p!
You guys, I cleaned my desk of all paperwork yesterday. It took three hours! How do YOU stay organized???
Love you on the Tony Kornheiser Show!
Correction; hanging with Gerey Johnson & Brian Culbertson saturday nite @ Jazz Alley Seattle
hey what happened to your FB page ???
Trying to convince my grandma if she gets me tickets I'll stop asking for more tattoos.. lol.
RANGERS!!!!!! HENRIK!!!! Bring on the Devils!!
Definetly did not get any good sleep last night. Just want today to be over so I can go home and relax!
(PS- do you ever forget which letters in" PhD" to capitalize? I sure do. LOLRIGHT?)
Oh love we can do it whenever! Just lemmie know! Now that I know, IM drinking this weekend!! lol #partylikearockstar lol
: I love mariah carey. My favorite song is my all
check this out my friends , thanks gordon
Let a mf take my purse! Aw yea we.gettin down period!
vinny has the whole package
Nice! MT Rep. Tim Holden, Pa.'s longest-serving congressional member, defeated in Democratic primary.
No Pity from Sea to Shining Sea!
SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY i'm so lazy.
Must stop walking around campus in flip flops, feet aching...but toes look good ;)
Good thing u didn't buy him a shot during the tourney. It would've ruined him MT : Congrats to Goldschlagger's on me!
: For sure--as long as it's also something the character would do, no matter how unexpected.
This is the #reds season! Let's go!
Oh Florida please be still tonight and don't disturb this love of mine .
Everyone don't forget to follow from now on, all other #DBHH accounts will be shutting down this week thank you!
Chillin wit my baby girl fina watch da game
.....my Dream job is not to have one and live comfortably. I hope NYC Sanitation is looking out for this good Samaritan!!
Testing our new tweet cloud, Tweeter, made by David Schultz (Doc candidate) and Jesse Allison at IDIA
of mythology and linguistics, Lithuanian-born Gimbutas uncovered the life-affirming and goddess-worshipping civilizations of pre-historic Eu
Money is the route of all evil I thought, but when Im broke is when I usually have the evilest thoughts
Keep me up to date on Pranksgiving--have tentative plans but things often change :-) Same 704 number!
hell to the yeah! He should
spain with you guys will be perfect :$ CAN'T WAIT
Niall and hello how are you?. Yesterday you were very good.
You blog? You love books? Giddy-up. The “Independent Book Blogger Awards” contest has 4 free trips to BEA. Find out how
I miss you!
...donations, rather
School gets out in 7 days!! Ready for summer!!!:D #can'twait
I just got 2 hours free PTO for volunteering to work this past Saturday. Take that, "this is ridiculous" lady!
I'm comin MIT makes everything ready BOSTON
I'll stop by sometimes so you can see my
Wasn't it who said she was going really only for the pretties?
Posted in the smoking room in Salt Lake City airport. It doesn't smell like smoke. This room is intense. I need one of these in the crib
RETWEET if you can't sleep -_-
Crystal KNOCK IT OFF you know richard cares
Lord, I pray for a peaceful day
Tell that to Nardwuar
Cant give ya mama no money to help her out
I'm digging the spin crowd show on E! Where my PR peeps at?
It's crazy how you can put your walls up and swear you'll never let them down again, and then someone comes along and changes your mind..
how u go it
Shit shopping wit yo momma sucks wat u want she does not want
Berba is on top form tonight. Love all the flicks he is pulling off!
thank you :)
Congratulations to MaMa Enso & the latest addition to her fam!! We can't wait for the newest Virgo to arrive :)
it was lovely to meet you! So glad you came by, and we hope to see you again real soon.
Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Pro (AlbuquerquePro)! :)
Time to start populating our event listings! Got an opening, performance, concert or other event? @ us the details/link!
Demi Lovato is gonna be an x factor judge?!? I hope she still does it next year too!!!
If u havent watched the avengers yet #GoKillYourself !!!
Likewise. The time-tracking argument is strong.
DM Thank you for following us. We've confirmed mobile health & B2B interest with our technology. Is there a way we can help you?
That's a 30% cut to higher education in a year and a half in Louisiana.
Wow just checked the weather in Bath and it's 64 at 7:00? Hope you're all enjoying it up there. Its 79 here in New Orleans.
I'm ready for summer so I can see 1D and BTR again! Aughh!
This 3rd period better be magical
i knew the straw box would win you over!
Great meeting with Councilmember Michael Brown.
about time
Feet on the ground, after climbing a sailboat mast.
Thanks! And good night. I'll be going to lunch soon here in the US. :)
Lmfao! Nah you sabe...I tall pass you far way!!!
My actual name on Twitter stands for Brony for My Little Pony. Lol. Just throwing it out there.
All you editors who say you want relentless (and disobedient) reporters, give a shout. He won't be on the market long.
I get pretty defensive when people say "I want to kill Justin" or "Bieber needs to die" no one should say any of that. Yeah, you might not
SUPER FUCKING BOWL CHAMPIONS!!!!
Donna Summer Dead -- Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Lung Cancer
: Way to spell happiness correctly.
Sometimes I wonder if Austin still cares about us as much as he used to :/ Usually now he only RT's people who tweet about his concerts
I have given up all hope of having a better past.
We did it! Loyola wins!! Next stop: NCAA tournament. Absolutely amazing.
I hope he knows we care and really want #TheFinder back RT wonders what thinks of the fans petitioning??
Oh yeah - that was a pretty cool flick!
Lol made me mad today with that crap !!
This big girl & her weave >>>>>
Made it through TSA, no questions asked, with a tin of smoked oysters and a Sphero robotic ball.
hahaha yeah good ol Tom boy was there. He looked hammered too. So funny. Looking back I prob should have said hi, lol
Headed back from BK w/ Sweet art/rock show @ Green Point Art Gal. Thanks Shakefist Mag!
u dnt undastand wat I'm saying, their just betta ways of sayn KISS MY ASS. get it now?
Mike Young showing off News.me tech chops at AWSstartups event!
and wanna walk today?
thank you for the retweet and follow!!
Yea you take some great pictures....ya look even better when im on straight liquor...but i know ya nasty like them grape swishers..
Pickles are Cucumbers soaked in EVIL
Thnx for the follow!
Documentary filmmaker Josh Fox was arrested for exercising his 1st amendment rights, at the Capitol, filming a public hearing for his doc..
What's up ATL Ravens fam? "Like" or retweet this status if you're down for a draft day get together at HGM on 4/26!
I'm glad to see Bruce webber get hired at k-state
Grizz making me mad. After the movies, I shall consume a 'rita! 😝
To get online leads, know who your customers are.
My mom is telling us how she picked our names x)
. those NY boys are a little slow... :-)
best quote ever!
that's great! I've loved her forever and recently moved to South FL and I've never seem her before so it's one of my Dreams!
The question is, do chefs in cookbooks count as characters? And will they come over early to share their meal prep genius?
I was very excited about the hats. Lol. ;-)
is going above and beyond as our emcee at the
Bought 2 new Kias for service vehicles. 2 weeks later, one is down. Broken airconditioner.
you are correct, sir, and it is very good news for you.
I'm gonna with yes. Can anyone trust anyone around here?!
Big day everyone! Brewhouse made it's way from Portland to it's new home at T7.
I was so upset for some reason. Then I thought about ad his smile then I suddenly felt better. No joke.
you never thought you make it this far...
that's something that I would do
Good I dont want two of my favorite people fighting.
#IfYouKnowMeWell ...you'd know what circumstances birthed my latest cd project "The End Of Me"
It strikes us that Mayor's Day is any day that Her Honor declares it to be.
Music videos all night i guess lol
Who wore that new AnmlHse this week? Tweet us :)
I'm having a screwdriver because I was screw out of this trip.
Lunch at 3 p.m.? Sounds about right.
thanks Jonathan for the follow and support hope yo enjoy the rest of top chef and check out
Happy new year everyone! Say'in it now cause IDK what state I'll be in by midnight!
RT : woot! Feel like this is a #2to1Conf reunion :)
Yeahh you'll like it! some of the songs didnt need anything and i just did minor edits but some others hav noticable edits
our* and that won't make me feel any better
But today really is a bad hair day lol
#ThinkDesign joins the Moire family – Welcome to #moire TDC peeps!
thanks Beth! I will try to join in the next time! Lol
Does anybody now if there's a radio feed for the USA game? I'm using a school computer and I can't download any plugins or flash.
Listening to 's demos on my drive - she is amazing!
Swap! Corey from way down town. Kings up 32 to 15 at the end of 1st.
a buddy made it for me. No I've been there 6 or 7 months now
About an hour or so
RT: A #Virgo can usually pinpoint what’s really wrong with uncanny accuracy. // UNCANNY. ;)
Well the flashcards idea lasted 5mins I'm back to making mindmaps. Gotta return the unopened packet later
On piano David Virelles.
good thing ibaka isnt as dangerous
These are the type of innings that remind me why I love Cleveland Indians Baseball so much.
Danny T is going to the broncos. Winston guy is going to Seattle..
3 minutes until & I fail our last test of high school.....what a way to end it!
about to start looking over this math final review...
Prince Fielder singles in 1st AB as a Tiger
Come to for dinner! Food is amazing! Cocktails are amazing! Ambiance is amazing!
Pleasure was all ours!
Be careful of whom you mock, or speak Ill of; they may possess knowledge crucial to your current state. #WhatUDontKnowWillHurtU >
will u not eat a haribo one..? Oh dunno then, thought nothing said marriage like a deep fried potato snack..? x
I enjoy being a librarian for librarians here at Demco. :)
I will let one of you give me 100 bucks, to let me punch you in the face.
state playing on thursday, not a good sign. :)
Everyone check out This game looks amazing!!!!
Sadly I am now in the teeth of my busy season Wont have any vacation time til Thanksgiving.
Wow. Lost in awful column is this Izzo slander: "[Kentucky] is like a factory. Nobody has any ties to the place".
IT'S THEIR WEDDING, OH MY GOD. WILL & JJ ARE GETTING MARRIED. THIS IS SO CUTE, FINALLY. GOOD THINGS, GOOD THINGS.
That was an amazing shot to end/win the game, but was it really worth storming the court Creighton? Kinda sad...
#StarWars #fb which Star Wars movie did you watch?
so true, and maybe even did some of the breaking.
Bitches i put like!
If you're in Philly tomorrow, stop by Union Trust at 4:30 or so. It's a free casino party thing; all proceeds go to my amazing brother.
Last computer #Repair in #Pittsburgh: Ipod Touch Audio Jack broken
Formalists vs. pragmatists again: Jess Tenenbaum has a slide of pro-tips on how each side can drive the other mad. Use only for good.
the only reason i haven't deleted it is because i don't wanna loose all the sweet comments, otherwise it would've been gone
Busy morning rolled into a long afternoon thanks to an intense migraine. I have a few hours of research to make up for.
I see Facebook...;)
If you see your boyfriend or girlfriend at least once a week, I don't want to hear anything about how much you miss them. Fuck off.
i need to play some black pool soon.
completely agree! songbird FTW!
Cosentino: Don't make the same mistake twice. If it's twice, it's a pattern. If it's a pattern, It's a problem.
If U don't go after what U want, youll never have it. If U don't ask, you won't know. If U don't step fwd, youll always be in the same place
thank you andria!!:)
ROCK! ROLL & AxeOff U.S. Friggin A! www.AxeOffUSA.com
I'd TOTALLY do that with my kid...well, maybe for Oreos (or King Crab Legs) probably not Doritos.
lol it's annoying! :)
bacflips wack/touch screens is is where its/& snapbacks is back
Tomorrow's Forecast: Hot with a side of HOTTER.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a sonng!?
Thanks to you! It just kind of came to me. Jamie Dimon and all.
If I went to Fordam I probably wouldn't care for college sports either, lol
Hm I guess, and yeah it best be fine! x
Just ordered a new #MacBook Pro, it will be a sad day when I no longer qualify for educational pricing. Stay in #school forever?
PREDS WIN! Grizz up going into 4th and Caps going to 3rd OT
please follow me back , i LOVE your tweet so muchh :DD
viktor & spoils tonight. comme by. also, u must do a saturday with me this summer.
Holy moly - just like that it's over! Thnx Nancy and Rich, and all my new friends for making #mw2012 a *blast* (O, and great learning too).
Any flash of anything Albert Nobbs-related sends my mom into a fit. She loathed that movie even more than I did.
Mom's excuse for everything....Did you do the dishes?! LBS
hey sweety please follow back I follow you!? Thanks
Life is a uh . depending on how you dress er
My stomach turned at the mention of Golden Corral. Ick.
ohh how long was it?
I am watching #GandB and hearing G talk about her breast cancer diagnosis is making me cry right along with her.
I've got my first VC meeting today. This is a great time to be starting a web software company!
Theocratic BS has no place in public discourse. Don't give them air-time when not talking about policies. Separation of…..
#cervicalhealth how often should one get a pap if in a monoamous relationship?
EKU tomorrow!! Seeing the best friend Kenzie.
Corporate funded parties in politics are ancient history this system is so old it should be put on display at a museum! 3rd party no strings
“: Woo man can't wait till football season !”
That awkward moment when you get a mini heart attack because you can't feel your phone in your pocket.
These are bad times for ppl who like to sit outside th library@ dawn on a rainy morning and get ripped to th tits on crank & powerful music
Foxy Knoxy is going home - how long until she lands a movie and book deal? I give it 3 weeks tops
Agreed! Delayed, not forgotten.
I have no reason to lie
I'm following a bunch of tech people on Twitter because they seem to be insulated, spoiled, and oblivious. They are mostly Nero, fiddling.
I know it's all bad smh
Its been rough couple of days!!
I LOVE YOU RYAN♥
Also, isn't it eerie how timely the birth control-related theme has become again? Odd to see your historical plot make headlines!
gave em to Carissa. Her responsibility.
Can't wait until 2:30 ... we bout to get it poppin!!!!!
Ill be at the Refried Comedy Show tonight At the World Famous Hollywood Improv come on out for qan amazing time
iman shumpert great rookie season. all these ACL tears. could be a product of short season idk
HAHAHAHAHAHA. You will forever have nightmares.
I'm supposed to be on Investigation Discovery tonight at 10e/9c on Sins and Secrets Somerset, let me know if you see me
I totally lied. The truth is: I did not LOL.
I wish you were
Norfolk State is on the cusp of blowing up a whole lotta' brackets. Plenty of time left, but...
Hi, yes I just came from China and began master study at U of Illinois. The CS texts I read are mainly course required ones.
oh okay, alrighty
"Free my boys Green in Pipe "
high five  fist bump 
ONE TIME For My LiL Bro and For Gettin His Papers From Lawson State! Hard Work Pays Off!
Tumbleweed enjoying a mango margarita...yum :)
Come check us out at Vegas Streats tonight from 6pm-2am. See the set list for the music on our website.
Show tonite in san Antonio w
Forecast for Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Local visibility one...
12 days left!
thank you!!!!
#NewGmail makes me want to smash my computer and buy a typewriter.
Time to stop being so dramatic. My body will accept the rigors of racing this weekend. #mental inertia #sport psychology
Nice! Is it possible to track the length of the phone call too?
Everything all good, but I miss you.
I like iCarly
Will be taking advantage of the bus system tonite for
hey how are you bella, hope all is well :) would you like to come to a few parties this wknd in south FL?
Million dollar dreams $$$$$$$
Have a great weekend!
The boys were truly amazing im proud to say im a directioners xx
Ooh just passed by a shoot for Southland
And now there are at least two pigeons in that person's room...!! Holy sh*t.
stop that haha
What sort of tests have you used to diagnose ADHD?
this has NOTHING to do with your dumb high school
I just hadn't had it in so long I had no idea. Seems like a perfect match
Those are TWO of my absolute faves. I have a HUGE writer crush on Nicole Krauss.
Nail salon with my baby sister! Love quality time with her!!
SOCCER! OMG!
Our's is about the best there is...
Thanks for coming out yesterday to our panels and screening.
It's a gorgeous day in Indianapolis! Why not venture down to Monument Circle and take part in the food truck craze w/pizza from ?
I think should be ashamed of himself. He knows why...
EARLY SPRING....Thanks PHIL!!!
Last day of this weeks soccer camp underway!
pssst. hey buddy, wanna buy a house? ;) not easy to get rid of k&t 100%. reduce load AMAP.
my max is 10 min before I start getting grumpy.
More ! Love the kids!
Great job Gabe!! RT : Vote for Suzy Schellbach for superparent at facebook search "Take it to the house". Voting starts Thursday.
if u like the girl go ahead and if its the rite time in yo life. I wanna date an actress!!! Swag
I love IKEA, ABBA and Volvos. It's all starting to make sense now.
she got hacked and deleted her account!
Some are chosen to stand for others, Some just stand in others way, Who pics who and what and why, Why some live and others die.
I got you hommie I have to find it
...For folks who claim to hate big government, the GOP is sure shoving it down our throats.
But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good-night!"
and do you mean Sharp beautiful or Kane at Mifflin beautiful? haha.
I can't wait till I can call him mine :)
giants game, mimosas, mickey mouse waffles. life is good.
STILL LOOK GOOD
let's! :-) email us: theethnographers
m I right? M I right? M i right right rite rite ???
Happy anniversary my lovey dovey boy💝💘
we have sod too! Cut fresh daily.
Save The Date Sept. 28th,2012 @ 6:00pm @ The Agricenter "Runway & Roulettes!! Sponsored by The Women's Council Of Realtors!!
I would love that! Thanks so much for all your support!
Coop told me I was looking cute today :) How shocking xD
Bought my tickets for ! Two days AND for $25! Duh.
me too i am loosing my freaking mind!!!
yea just really upsetting still. man
I have some #hustling to do tomorrow. But I see an evening boat ride in my future.
Beautiful performance by in Super. Best movie night in a long time.
Finally home.!!(:
Sounds like you have a nice date planned for next weekend! We look forward to seeing you at the Power Plant!
Must leave FB & Twitter for a few hours & do some work on the biz/marketing plan for WAN. I LOVE my day job as entrepreneur! Lucky woman..
Done! Give me a shoutout thanks!:)
Billy Rose~ Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
LM Mayor Art Madrid thrice mentions "extortion" in regards 2 the state's plans for elimination of redevelopment agencies... wants a lawsuit
Our "grub" rocks!! Stop by....
Damn..Cherington is asleep at his desk..We could have used Wilson..Angels are gonna be legit this year..
Josh Hamilton is good at baseball
Guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all.
If you see a dude wearing shorts in February, it's a safe bet that he has a carabiner on himself somewhere and is wearing boat shoes.
totally thought you said flute diet for a second there. I was like ...what's a flute diet and can I try it? lol!
And now to explore trade options to get rid of Tim Tebow, truly shows what kind of loyalty that teams have for their players...
(: will do. Can I ask how much your last one was?
well it depends. I'll call u. U going to the wedding
you picking up a bottle on your way back from work or what?
Graphic design is so much fun!!
She says hi back. Our two boys are keeping her busy. We're doing some montessori homeschooling for them each morning
I don't identify as a designer, y'all. Making things pretty isn't necessarily the same as making pretty things. Also, I write code.
Chris how are you bro :)
Thanks for the follow guys :)
Now booking appointments for MusInk Feb 19-21 in California
What was the best session you attended at #astd2012?
hey the thing i wanna do b4 i die is go on a date with you. Can you make it come true? Lol :P love you so much!
what do they mean by a new generation?
Impressive stats today for the Horns.. Took 8 shots total w/ 6 of the 8 being on-goal. Highest on-goal % of year. Kristin Cummins w/ 3 shots
come with me next time. I go every Wednesday at 7:30
I say crown LSU now (they have already run the gauntlet) and let Ok St. and Bama play for second place.
The games tonight just got me really excited for March! I love college basketball!
Sleeper..... A. Milano - Embrace of a Vampire (2006 George Masonish)
What would u do for a Klondike bar?
hmm we'll be at camp most likely, mightt take drivers ed class then idk i still have to do it haha why what were your thoughts
Is anyone going to the #Eagles draft party on Thursday night?
Thanks for the cheer! One page at a time...
All of my clients canceled today because of the snow. Guess I'm taking the day off.
Man, FUCK John Jacob Jingelhiemer-Schmidt.
I need a real job.
Woo hoo! Way cool! Congrats to , new president of #ASJA!
pb cups for breakfast, pizza with scissors... sounds pretty amazing to me :)
PBS broadcaster Ray Suarez challenges us at today's Civil Rights Forum at the JFK Library: We all must stretch in today's America.
#MyBiggestFlaw Is i Have a hard time Letting Go
hm u never know wats in those burritos or nachos or that other crap hm*sigh* :'/ but i guess theres alote of other taco places
That´s A Great Page haha Follow Back
Tony Horowitz of 'Confederates in the Attic' fame at the Minnesota History Center at 7:00 tonight.
2 new Sunday classes start this weekend & Fall Teacher Training dates announced: www.redhotyogastudio.com
thinking of you. You know my number, bud. :)
Harfeld:“The death of an abused or neglected child signals that something has gone terribly wrong with the child welfare system”
OMG today is soo gloomy and depressing.
25 followers by tomorrow
I miss dylan already </3
Thanks for following me! I hope you enjoy following me and my artwork.
After School Fight W. A Lil Old Lady BTFU
QB for Army is named Santiago. So many A Few Good Men quotes running through my head. And he didn't pack a thing. And he didn't call a soul.
Next time I get stopped by the police they might as well take me to jail cause I'm gone catch a case on they ass. Tired of this shit!
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. - Mark Twain
RT I swear i miss the old days !
Heey Happy Birthday ! :)
Also, bro-chela is no place for Jarvis Cocker.
Harvey seems to jump on any celeb anytime there is a homophobia or anti-Semitism spin to put on it.
A newer GREENER clean Limo service from Jan 2011. Visit our blog www.wlimo.wordpress.com for more details.
hahaha LOGAN IN A DOG COSTUME THAT KILLED MEH LOLOLOL
Tired don't wanna go to class
He just needed to end CB for public employees, "first." That's the "start." Implies an end, no?
Going to Eat
And it's sad, because school is so obviously needed: RT Chilling Bored Out My Mind. Shyt We Dont School 2marrow, Again.
I bet it was a relief wen they lol RT : LIES!! RT : did a fret say her team aguh lose
The anticipation is insane man. Are marathons still 26.2 miles?:)
MLS All-stars will play Chelsea this summer.
be happy and feel better. The force Is strong within you!!!
i love you lots my darling x
Heat out lasted the Hawks tonight. Great win :)
I have a couple free versions of Angry Birds.
it's more sad than scary. I didn't want to live.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great Friday/weekend, John!
The Hunger Games is probably like the best movie i've ever watched =)
Keep updating!
hello Mz E how are ya?
True. Other then the appearance of health, Lawrence isn't a terrible choice, considering how spectacular she was in Winter's Bone
"A lie can travel halfway across the world, while the truth is putting on its shoes." M.Twain via on crisiscomm
is it free
Thanks for the retweet and for attending the awards luncheon and ceremony.
God grant me the senility 2 forget people I never liked anyway, the good fortune 2 run in2 ones I do, & the eyesight 2 tell the difference.
so u should follow me because your cool and I love you so yeah and I'm bored let's talk? Haha
jajajaja...right now I am!
New Year Issue of our newsletter, send a Twitter note to receive it and as a bonus learn to make a Black Forest Cake!
That depressing moment when you wake up in the best part of a dream.
huh :o
If my body had a feature that allowed me to go deaf temporarily, this would be an excellent time: grandmarc fire alarm has gone off 7x today
Hell yeah man...we tryna get a lil sum sum...i got 5 on it
: It was exciting to see the home on Crest Drive in Encinitas last night, thks for the invite. Awesome home, event, & cars!
thank goodness, was worried it was permanent
Love love love Influenster! Free product packages for moms!!! www.influenster.com
I hate when bitches stunt on they pussy saying its tight , it stay wet , its sweet .. bitch ! STOP IT .
Appears, I don't have enough time in my night to fight it, so I'm just going to call it
good job <3
Renewing my CPR. Hope I never have to use it.
No fear that Lebron takes Bosh to NY, Amare resigns with PHX and Miami is left at the altar?
On phone with Samsung, trying to get them to do the right thing. LCD panel going back in less than 3 years? Come on!
Haha, I have no idea. I did see a student in a QR code shirt yesterday, but thought it would be inappropriate to scan it! :-)
ya i know :cc
Back in the studio to finish up the new ep called....."Fast Forward To Now" album art by So keep an eye out this spring!
Thanks 4 following :)
if you buy $40 worth of pastries from Starbucks in one sitting, you really need to get your shit together
#min30 first mass inno, need to start making some vsnaps
Hard to believe anyone would think Romney would support or understand the middle class
lets chat latter this morning. Ill drop u a line
At the first timeout...sparty struggling 9-2 Wisconsin up
It's an excellent series. You should def pick it up.
#nlcatlanta G+ is awesome...indexes straight to google...get to know it
Respect is not a given right, nor can it be demanded. It is earned..
Last weekend in LA in 2011!!! This was an amazing year for me. So thankful for everyone I had the pleasure of working with this year.
penalty Inter...
lol I thought I did man :P
Pictures from last night's event will be posted soon!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 43
I HATE Scorpions!!
Dirty dirty bitch tits.. wot
#IForgiveYou even if you left me in the bar!
Earlier lectures talked black cultural production & agency, incl. Gospel, Motown, Stax, Funk & SoulTrain. At review, kids nailed it 2! Yes!
With divorce rates in the U.S. being so high, I wonder if "Parent-Trapping" is also on the rise.
International dung beetle day today, time to celebrate the animals who make everything around us a little less shitty.
High reps with low weights is an effective way to build muscle, a new study suggests.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Hitting the rack. Good night all.
Where you go, I go.
Tonight at The Source: the premier of Duke City DimeStories. 1111 Carlisle SE
i had my labtop on all night and when i whent to go and take a nap 4 hours ago i left it running! i think it was a bad idea :s
You rocked it in Cincinnati last Saturday!Stay creative and blessed:)
Christmas is over, time to get ready for New Years... 2011 here we come
Not for some people, no. Sad.
haha. What emails?
Thanks for the #BeardLove, buddy! Damn good to hear from you! Life is as crazy as it's ever been- You're in NY? Whereabouts?
Tin Box of Curious Artifacts, Checklist: Electrical Systems Installed, Mirror Distressed, Cute Shit Acquired... Stay Tuned L.A.
Just got spam messages saying "earn money while watching MLB" "earn money while listening to Brad Paisley." These things are getting smarter
agreed. yes, still in E-WA.
If u say ur not gonna talk to me then don't, jeez ppl at least keep ur word to urself if to no one else
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
insecurity masked by arrogance? Is that a metaphor?
"Who is holding you accountable to make sure you have a life outside of your career?" - quote from
Well let's get to work on it then. Can you program in Cocoa? (I can't.)
Overheard a boy"That kid jumps & makes strange noises." To the side, I said, "..gets too excited. It doesn't mean anything." Right or wrong?
IF I CANT FUK SHIT UP, I DON'T WANNA LIVE!
what a lush
This place called earth is something else...
sorry I was on Hiatus for a couple of weeks. To make an appointment to see the gallery send an email to
Spending the day reading up on "The Psychology of Sports Fans" to better understand my indomitable sadness.
m, i just want to put ur entire fat cock in my mouth
Eating across the street from wondering if it's worth trying. Anyone know?
I don't know what I'm doing in Whole Foods. Ever. Why did I just buy wheatgrass?
why must people correct you on the internet? its twitter, not school.
happy belated birthday
Very Funny Yes annoying
Up next on CNN Early Start, Retired Air Force Colonel will talk to us about President Barack Obama new defense strategy
Dear god help us and save us, KSu and NLG make up the whole damned section of GH in SID. I can't even. .__.
"If he had to have [anal sex] I told him to find another woman who liked to do it, or else to do it with his mother ."
OMG ! NOW THIS NIGGA IS WATCHING #MakeItOrBreakIt WITHOUT ME !
Let's GO RAVENS!!!
That boy's hot enough to melt hell, burn satan too
"This position of not knowing but a willingness to share is critical" to the learning process. YES!
well whatever not going to worry about it now, there are a ton of hotels in that area so I'm not going to speculate
Fortune cookie: its time to rekindle an old friendship
so we can't show are face
The only real aging process is the erosion of our ideas. - Albert Schweitzer
Class tweet
I'm good. How's the family?
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense. Tom Clancy
Happy Valentine's Day :)
Of course he missed. Dude didn't even bend his legs!?!
Gonna play golf with tiger woods..well the cuban version(victor novoa)
I don't need a religious version of a prescription. I don't need answers about the nature of God, the universe and eternity. How boring!
It should work beautifully for you, then. Hmm.
Spring is around the corner, and that means a new book! Our latest selection will be on shelves Mar 1. Any guesses?
I just sent you an email. Thanks for the reply!
Today is the first day of spring. Don't you feel like it was already here?
See if she'll clean up my room. Since she did the kitchen this morning
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will do anything for you!
I get no twitter love anymore :/ lol
Now at the tractor getting ready to listen to T-model ford. Probly be better than the mariners game.
Just implemented existing Epic mychart ap RT : Kaiser Permanente just made 9- Million EHR s available on line to the patients.
The moment that u'r hungry AF But u can't find shit in the fridge to eat, Ugh where are my cookies. *BAM* o right my parents took them >:(
#Badgers signed as NFL UFAs: Antonio Fenelus (Indianapolis), Aaron Henry (Oakland), Patrick Butrym (San Francisco), Kyle Wojta (Chicago) ...
out for a cruise
Oh! That terminal hack RT'ed has zork installed! Must. Resist. Playing. ... Open mailbox. Take leaflet.
#GoSpursGo survive a tough test as they stay undefeated on their rodeo road trip with an OT win against the Clippers- make that 10 in a row.
Well I can't sleep and no ones up
girl Ben and Jerry period is the bomb! I just had their frozen yogurt and that's was delicious!
Thanks for following! Where can we hear your latest music?
Angie’s List Plans to Raise as Much as $114.3 Million in IPO
TY :) U Too : hi ladies, wishing u a good week, order & cleanliness this week #BurgMYT”
Don't even try
To follow suit, I think I will have "Jura!" and "Epoisses!" tattooed on either side of my navel.
Grew up Fast
Just like America is loosing out on all the money being spent on fuel, taxes, and food while you line your pockets?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
just about 6ft.
back atcha man
Had a great acting rehearsal! My partner n I killed it as expected so stoked! We watched East of Eden & James Dean is officially my idol ;)P
lol yo we got some gansta coons ova here, you gotta bring a friend when you take the trash out
needless to say that I hate cockroaches, they are scarier than a GHOST. dammit I was sleeping :[
May is defiantely MY favorite month, so many birthdays in my family & friends + MINE!
If you accidentally curse out loud while saying your prayers, you should probably start over
I hope so too!
Get ready for TWEETFEST!
drafting a Safety in the first round @ 28 would be a mistake. Other areas of need that have greater depth.
omg I heard Mitt Romney is converting! YAY!!!!!!
Don't be Tardy for the Party! 🎉🎉 LOL I can't get this out of my head...
Awww. Now I feel bad that I killed some sasquatch. Well played Red Dead, Well played.
I went on a date with a poser
Amazing show tonight! Thank you!
. : The only thing Chris Christie has been any good at is boosting New Jersey's buffet-based economy.
everything is going good abaut to start school soon
After returning from just a few days away I've found myself in RSS feed hell. Special thanx to #hackernews #slideshare and
Photo of panel: Keeping Social Media Real & Organic at
SOTU was very entertaining when paired with the twitter feed.
you're amazing. we love you so much<3
Just sort of a general, clubby, lux brand obsessed type guy... well, this is embarrassing. Sorry to bother you.
I think you've been hacked.
I'm feeling this is directed at me...
Come on, Mom! That valet was wearing a Celtics jersey, you know we can't beat them :(
We're in New Smyrna Beach getting stoked. You should be here!
I just miss you, and want you by my side.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho Who they hate to be around
what u mean WE kimosobie!
I responded! :) and I'll DM you my #
My only worry is that the stress of the busy workday will put me in a cranky mood and I'll be a jerk in the interview.
RIP David Broder
Glad to see that many of you will be visiting our booth at the #NAGGL conference in October. It will be great to meet all of you!
Everyone should go make a Keek because they are super fun and followand subscribe to
History, let's do this..
Twilight's been open for 45 minutes already! Happy Hour till 8! Tonight's Special: Fried Calamari w/ Lemon Garlic Aioli....$7!
Anyone know what channel the #bulls game is on? Chicago Comcast apparently sucks.
How to make librarians groan: Tell them your department wants students to use an in-house citation style.
Thur App Special: Moroccan Spiced Sea Scallops with Toasted Almond Mixed Herb Couscous & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
jacob has the worst ideas
Thanks for getting Kitty in today on short notice! Wonderful staff!
Sergio thanks for the RT.
Seeing my phone on 3% with no charger around is that hurt
Olive Garden for the first time since 8th grade prom <3
with proper planning for sure!
Valentines Day is a good time of the year to be single lol
Im tryna help ppl launch their clothing lines hit me upp shoutout to all my followers rt retweet
... Exquisite craftsmanship!
heard you're in town. If you have any free time I'd love to catch up. Hope you're well.
Thank you for asking. My son's prom was great...the pre-prom photo op-memorable. Check Facebook. See you at
Working with Green Screen, Teleprompter, and a really bad cold. The show must go on!
thanks very much for the mention. Greatly appreciated. Just subscribed to your Wine Daily. Cheers!
I'm salty Twitter won't let me log in on a desktop or laptop. And my Hotmail won't let me either.
Rereadng "art & fear". What you need to know in your next piece is contained in the last piece.
Thanks for the mention Marla.
it is isn't it? I couldn't resist asking u about the ending...so many people had different reactions.
Go from making $80K to $120K! We'll show you how to market, sew in weaves, make invisible wefts & make lace wigs. Email
follow for a follow anyone? or a shoutout?? <3 thanks love evryone!
Check out Traildance Awards Ceremony streaming on UStream! will be live soonish!
Directions are pathetic. Do they not realize that 1Direction wouldn't even be there if it wasn't for Big Time Rush. I'm so pissed off.
at first I was sad the tone deaf vids were short...that feeling changed. Wow. Wince.
We are now selling fiberglass insulation! Prices are great! Compare us to the competitor, lower prices AND better service
Thanks for the follow, Heather.
Who was at our set yesterday at RockSprings Church!?
RT Lamp Mode Recording Presents:Hazakim Theophanies album release party! Hip Hop event 6/27 7pm catering by
"Fish Pump" is now my 2nd fav poker term. 1st is "Chipwrecked," which is what happens after being up 2 buy-ins & leaving down 4.
I should be on one.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! 😉😘
James call me this weekend. Let's get lit
oops! fixed!
HEARD YOU GOT 2mill #DOWNLOADS TODAY... THATS WUZ UP... #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th here in the #H.. get at me
As of 1/1/12, North Dakota no longer requires the debtor’s social security number or Federal Employer Identification Number on UCC filings.
alright Feli, see you !
I'll be there too!!
Flatstock 29 starts TODAY! in Austin - FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
the cuts to out of school programs are destroying opportunities. We need your help- the Hardy 8th grade kids?
my phone blows up with tweets from haha. That always makes me smile and laugh.
Ban from #CourtsideSeats not fair at all . This is a free country right ? Wake up Wade
Sir Paul McCartney is performing with full rigor. He is almost 70 years old. Unbelievable.
oh ok cool. I'm still in the D. You in OKC?
Thank you, Elizabeth for adding #value to our Systems & Design Thinking course on Tuesday.
It is going to be pure awesomeness! ;)
<-- Dallas, large global call centers, Strategy and Innovation team. Educating myself in this space (Hello All)
C'mon IU let's finish it...
I love you ❤
Jimmy Fallon reminds me of Ted Mosby.
Wow! What a week! Special event tomorrow...1-4 p.m. See you here!
I cannot wait for you to wreck Lauzon in the land of the east. Rep 414 and return victorious!
Good bkgrnd, but more intervention wud only b worse - Dimon is a protected puppetmaster. Do you watch RT - CapAccount or KeiserRpt?
it's unbelievable how many dumb asses there are in this world :p
My budget unfortunately is tiny, so big shopping bags are doubtful but there will be gift(s) for you Nigarrr
What could be better than goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I right?
there are always upsides right? this weekend I have missed my family/the west a lot too!
give me some audio, if you want to be a DJ I might be able to help
Dear God, please be nice to me today and help me get noticed and followed by the beautiful Jasmine:) Amen!
Wow. No Woman No Cry right after I and Love and You. Good job spectrum
bwaaaaa ha ha ha ha....I still wanna know though.... #lowkey LMAO
RT : We sure are excited! We're thrilled to be part of the La Cienega Design Quarter!
So I'm just gonna say it and risk it: and are really good looking!
Changing the wallpaper of one of our computers because it is a picture of a hot dog and it constantly makes us want to eat one. Bad news.
i have no idea. im a terrible nba expert. i just watch the clippers mostly and then i bag on the lakers haha.
DRAMA: You say you hate it, so why do you create it? You say you don’t need it, yet you continue to feed it!
Thank you to for always being an "Inspirational Woman" and supporting breakfast !
jorge: 1:26am just lost power here. shutting it down for a bit.
Don't waste time looking at the hill -- climb it.
I thought you had to go to that work thing
I can soo do that!! just not on Saturday's!! :-)
Via for Oct '11 "184M US net users watched online video / avg of 21.1 hrs per viewer / total US audience viewed 42.6B videos" Wow!
#autism RT : Dolphins owner Steve Ross' generous contribution helps Autism Speaks dinner raise record $1.3mm in NYC tonite.
I've thought I've seen the same, but monthly proceeds #s don't bear that out. More likely decreased compliance.
people are foolish
in my presence herb will be A1.. Im appalled
no problem! Love your music and I know our listeners will also
aad me on Facebook email:
i love eating nutella sandwiches.
It's almost #HIMSS12. We're looking forward to seeing our great customers and #HITsm and #HealthIT friends. We'll be at booth 4041.
One thing is for sure, the Southern University fam will not let their system go down without a fight! We are with you
Wendy's fries dipped in ketchup then Frosty, baby approves!
tonight was season 2 episode 3 so, lucky you, you need to watch season 2 epsiode 2 online - will give you more frame of reference.
Hello, we received a message from you and would like to know who should I contact please.
Excited abt taking a research fellow position at the Center for Connected Health in Boston, examining ICT in health care.
Wish I could be there. So proud of you twinsie!
and myself at #chalet for some #oldstyle and
Y am I blocked by ppl I don't even know
obvi! are you team peeta or team gale?
Awe. Some. Awesome! :)
get prepared.
Ugh... This cold is bugging me now. Second time in a month. I teach snotty little kids guitar lessons... It's my own bloody fault.
why can't I ever be as popular as you?
Hey, Halloween's just around the corner: "Trick or Twiglet"! I'm a Twiglet millionaire, and I'm MISERABLE about it.
#FF enjoy your weekend kittens!
I can't, you're not following me! ::sad face:: But I'm interested!
Merry Christmas everyone!
damn worked out for over 3 hours today
it's where all the coaches come together to learn about new products and celebrate accomplishments.
Well, we have zero book budget, so I just request, cross my fingers, and hope they show up one day.
I like Ensiferum but Amon Amarth stomps them and beats them with Thor's hammer.
you need to incorporate some alcohol into your workout vids hahahaha
Just reached 700 Thanks for following me, I pray it will be worth your time for I know following you guys will be worth every second for me!
has taken the stage here in Richmond, KY!!!!! Killin' it!!!!
how's the GA search going?
Can never let your guard down with #LAUSD!
"Disorderly House" would make a great book title
forgot to add the very important #howisthatarealjob?
FUMBLE! Beavers jump on the loose ball!
now i'm sucked in to browsing all sorts of excellent discussions like "Why do most public toilet doors open inwards?" Great site.
Anyone encountered the tall, sweet incessant man that plays Beatles songs on his guitar st. subway transfer btw F & 1/2/3 trains?
sorry for your loss...may you cherish the good memories you have, and remember the good times to get through this sorrow
FOLLOW ME LOUIS!!!!
thanks, glad you are enjoying it!
We have our own study coming out on this subject. Good points but misses several key elements.
We think so too. It's genius!
Lakeside Carwash -- we have a vast variety of air fresheners but they all smell like baby powder.
Being outside > studying
#TheVoice i will never understand why Juliet simms didn't choose Adam Levine he was singing along and everything!
Done with rough cut for Monsters Under the Bed. I think I will have to reshoot a scene.
Social conservatism makes me heart-sick. :-/
I love you so much. You're so inspiring!! Plz RT! It would mean a lot!
24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ... coincidence?
Wallahi that bitch ass girl can go to fucking HELL
admiralty law, common law and the sovereign
o hope they no I was playn!
This Saturday I have a competition. I am very excited!!
I don't know about you guys but my 2011 seems to just be one colossal failure.
Just drew the coolest face on my stomach
...what is beginning to happen to it. - Marshall McLuhan
I'm so hungry and I don't want to do this speech #distracted 📝📖🎥👎
It's kinda fun to 'spy' on on O while she's at daycare.
Oct 28 #1970 : US and USSR agree to discuss joint space efforts. Oct 28 2011 : 2nd night of AR Gurney's #CHILDREN!
In essence - employees ARE the company...their collective voice personal or otherwise IS telling the story!
#TeamAnthonySpears :} you know you wanna follow me.
No school tomorrow or sunday!
Keep upt the good work man!!
HaHa--we are talking snow, right??
What an honor it was to be your first US gig and the only US acoustic show - it was exquisite! Thanks!
you should always keep your friends close and you enemy even closer its crazy in life you can never quickly determine one from the other
Catching up on a month's worth of / T-Foster podcasts while writing ... some of these rants are pure gold.
No one even cares.
Not to slack off on other award winners at #hhawards but I can't spell their names! Oops! You can read about them in tomorrow's
I always creep on your page.
planning a tour of national parks in the U.S. camping and volunteering...
true, i was hoping potus would do some sangin - i'm not a fan of the fallon show to begin with, so i have low expectations
“: I love you guys so much <3” we love you too Alex<3
I agree and mine !!!
Believe you can and you're half way there!
"My memory is so bad" " how bad is it?" "how bad is what?"
don't eat me
Grown men trying to bum rides off women they don't know. Me politely saying "hello" doesn't mean you know me, k.
nevertheless...that's awesome...I'm a huge fan of motorsports of all kinds..enjoy the rest of your day!
i woke up in a good mood (:
1 of the #SOPA sponsors is @ this conference. Do I throw a shoe or Tonya Harding him w/my cane?
me too!! btw did you change your 'name' here?
nature's light show is over
Thankful for my kids, too, of course, and lots of supportive people who've taken me right where I was, and loved me anyway.
Public comment going on right now for #FatCityLofts project...about 60/40 against the 232 apartment units, 4,485 SF of retail space.
Sad I missed the final game of the NBA season. I was making chocolates with the girlfriends. Sports > chocolate
I HATE RED-LIGHTS!!!!
the regular...it was cheaper haha
I wish I had someone to physical fight with! My anger would all be out by now!
did you win foldin' money?
CSR Launches Industrys Most Highly Integrated Processors for Printers, Scanners and All-In-Ones
Oh you flatter us! "Love this team and this product. The most thoughtful behaviour change tool I think there is." Thank you!
BE who you are didnt listen what people want you to be. Be who feel more like you. :)
Let's go Penguins!
Had up ass shaking like a stripper , ha !
#euopenhouse Finland was my favorite and then UK!
im in the bay area too wat part?
You are hella beautiful
hey I just sent u a request on Fb. Check out my clothing line and maybe soon we can hook up a photshoot since u so BAD. Lol
I agree with you.
lemme work on puttin my project team together... I don't do real work no mo
But I'm totally projecting all my trust issues on him. Lol.
Gotta love the late call from TV teddy. Never fails.
Haha its not birthday, but thank you! And I'm following you already:)
sweet- I will check them out tonight? Is this a new band?
I wouldn't make a very good criminal because everyone seems to remember me wherever I go. No matter how long it's been.
F*CK YOU guy in the green shirt, you f*/;king Colts fan!!!
Adults-only Gaga gig rocks Seoul
We've got a facebook! ^__^ www.facebook.com/allurae
I agree. My boys loaner IS has bright white DRLs -_- 😒
Great EHR and HIT content !
Cooking pizza
Wondering if will debut the new baby at the parade. There will already be a babysitter there for Wes, right? ;-)
Right?! What's next, Fifty Shades of Grey?
I'm in
I am working on a contract now where the company pissed off their engineers and the all left (or so I am told). What a mess.
my twitter feed, in concentrate: Cariou v. Prince, Ai Weiwei, Ai Weiwei, pinterest, Cariou v. Prince, museum-museum, pinterest, Ai WeiWei
Few understand thinking, reasoning as a human prerogative. No other species is blessed with this faculty.
its a long story.. i got shot twice... got surgery and went into a coma
Just got the full version of what you texted me about and yes... I threw up a litt... not gonna lie... Have fun with that!
fer what??
On the phone with and just so knows to stop tweeting me. :)
Welcome to Twitter! I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do. Also am glad to have another way to keep in touch.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout everybody runs to that one area.
1st chance to really break down internal barriers #KYF2 and focus x-functionally on
I think your tweets are set to private you can probably change it under settings
I tried to make it through the day today without saying "Just" at all. I made it to 10:49 AM.
haha yeah, watch the first one. Its
should've come to Five Guys in BK
Our Postings Reflect Real Xperiences, However Your Visit Should Be Unique, So Pls Allow Us To Customize 4 You.
Raven stay on facebook
I'm at the second act break of my sci fi script and I think I'm gonna throw out my planned third act and see where my characters take me.
Hello Chicago!
The ending of #BlackSwan ALWAYS gets me.
Music Industry Designs upgrades your image with websites, logos, business cards & more!-Contact Us Today 215-666-8397
Can you follow me,OnceAponAGrande sent you a message,Umm...? It would mean the world to me!
Nothin like working on labor day
Had a great time writing with Carolyn Dawn Johnson last night!!!
#rush to make the plane. Crazy night in Sobe, now off to
GO. THE FUCK. AWAY
getting money from getting that money music..fuck that
I just saw outside...eating my bandwidth.
I don't if its by Cody Simpson :D
yes I'm talking to you?
#TwoThingsIWant something REAL,& A better relationship with god himself.
I just had a dream about eating broccoli. Lame.
At a school district where collecting items 4 the Christmas Neighbor program has faculty kissing a pig as reward 4 getting over 2K items
Not drinking enough? RT : Why does insist on randomly unfriending people?
haha yeah I know what you meant. & ewww that was gross...
Off 2 Zurich via train 2day, will visit Beat Kennel, then din-din with Bulach friends. Back in the USA on Mon, & picking up my new Caddy!!!!
I wish would get here so we could watch Parks & Rec! GOD I MEAN REALLY.
do we need to hve a counseling group ?
My pleasure, absolutely love your insightful tweets. Thank you! many ways of contribute i'll pm you all the details.
The Avengers was pretty amazing. Hope that got a buncha people pumped for comics.
U have the thinking of someone who believes the #media on their #TV -youre SO wrong. #Russia = trying 2 protect #Syria from
well, I'm gonna be a busy bee this summer. Pun intended.
The hit parade is on!!!!!!! Go have a beer Josh. Tee time at 8am
I think it's back up now!
Life is the bitch; and death is her sistahh; sleep in thA cousin; what ah fuckinqq family picture♥
Ooohhh yeah...gotta dig down deeper......love this song....itzzz stuck in my head...LOVE YOU
Indiana wants to know were u at !!!!!!!!
lets go see the raven tomrrow night !!!
hey hey. Trying to find a good date for the
Playing Words With Friends. Almost tried to play "OPACY" as a word. #Orioles #openingdayyet?
At work as usual...Its a good day!
AT&T U-Verse is not compatible with Macs, but they won't tell you that until after you cancel.
Gate checking first class bags while the FA uses F bin space for personal bags on the A321? Seriously ? Happened on 2 flts in row.
A pleasure meeting in person today w/
I swear to god... I went to the mall yestrday, (In Fl.) I swear I saw you..... This guy looked just like you....
I liked it too and thought it was awesome. I like to be entertained. I don't go to superhero movies for deep thoughts and such
ok we will take a lemonade instead!
Super fun improvised comedy callback 2day!
I love waking up early and going to eat breakfast with
Kamen p'wnd by the realities of resource dependence.
Confession-"and forgive us our debts"
"I'm begging you to be my escape."
bahaha i aint had mr heros in a minute
Friend: "I hope you burn in hell." Me: "I hope you step on a lego in the dark!" Friend: *gasps* "Take that back!"
yes, very inspiring. New meaning to the smell over in North Las Vegas. Multi millions of dollars of smell.
Early bed for jaclyn. Im too tired.
or a burrito, taco, enchilada, or perhaps a fajita , but uh... What's Canada bringing to the table? Crumpits and tea?
$5,000 reward offered in cat poisoning cases in Santa Fe. Details at www.apnm.org
yeah! you go, girl. :) cheers and happy holidays to you, too!
how'd u get dust514 code?
Thank you everyone for such a successful weekend! Love this place!!!
Thought-Should Joe have bought in Rapada to pitch to Joyce after save was blown? DRob now lost now for two days!
FINALLY WATCHING THE SEASON FINALE OF DESPERATE HOUSWIVES. 😖😰😭👎 goodbye to my favorite show.
My Following number is going down and my Followers number is going up, all while I've been signed off for days. Did I miss something?
Always proud to support such an amazing charity
Cant close my eyes
Whats up with these may showers?
just got home!
I usually drink it warm
hey follow back?
: Enjoying PARIS IN LOVE. I share your taste in museums!
kick game comes in different flavors
gotta think D's have another route planned here. Lawsuit/other maneuver to force delay? Or maybe kill it and extend 1603 & PTCs?
yea , im bored !
hey!!!! Hope to see u! How did the prez go?
Fuck. That was dumb.
FURIOSITY is on ITUNES!!!
HEY IM WATCHIN IT WITH U TOO!!! scariest movie eva!!!!!
When do we get to hear #Coast2Coast?
Just give it some time
Thanks for sharing this man. Appreciate ya
Good morning folks!
#Linernotes.....what a great night!! great crowd, great energy!!!
If you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said that it'd be easy, they just promised it would be worth it
Shit ain't funny. You ain't gotta love me
- How ya doin' over there? :)
hm, it does answer a lot of questions tho :P it does tho!
Strasburg* my phone actually auto corrected that last one wth? Lol
while your talking behind my back, feel free to kiss my ass.
New SPRING MENU starts tonight! (think Deviled Eggs, Greek Meatball Sub, return of the Binkert's Corndog, and much more...)
I'm moving back. I'm leaving fgcu.
I would like my legacy to be teaching the masses that "anyways" isn't a word.
SXSW + Saint Patrick's Day = SHEER INSANITY
Psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
At National Autograph convention in Pasadena!
Excuse me, Ms. Dion!
"imma make you shine bright like you Layin in the snow...brrr" THATS SO HOTT JUSTIN!!;)
I'm just about to sign out of the other account on this dumb ass Twitter app...
Watching friends with benefits with the fam
Oh how I wish I had a and a to have a big drink with me at the new spot....where my girls at !!!? I know, working...
Making my craft list.. caged in for hurricane #Irene = lots of time to be crafty! #wedding #etsy fun :)
Go follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity. - John D. Rockefeller
Today will be an annoying and boring day.
I do lol I love sleeping, I have a dark hooded figure in my room, I've had it since I was 6 lol it's a ghost-like thing LOL
Another successful morning in the studio writing worship music w/ !
That's the truth. Dead on, Jason. Keeping it in perspective. Dead on. RT : We need more Tim Tebows in sports.
Hello--catching up with the real world today! Creative community? Well, I'll be next door to DH and his car project LOL!
Huh love??? Don't forget my meds have kicked in!! lol
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 274
History repeats itself, i'm an OF soldier.
": Despite her childish looks, a #Scorpio female is a real woman with a free soul."
it seems that u r having great time with ur brahs ;)
drake is one of the coldest rappers besides kanye west
We are making progress!!!!
Does anybody else spend all of their free time watching Aaron Rodgers' highlight videos? #justme?
Q. What did the advertisement of the Yoga teacher searching for new students say? A. "Inquire within"
1 fried drumstick is roughly 200cals YUCK!
its either very funni or very sad when people r supposely blind(stupid) by love (sigh)
BTW, if you're interested in cultural or socio economics, you might swing by ASSA to check us out. It's a pretty substantial list this year!
oh no! We didn't say hi! I was there too. :)
Used my HRM for the 1st time on a run today & it shows my calorie burn as WAY lower than I thought it would be...by like 150 calories. Huh?
does milwaukee change its tune on tuni? probably not, but that was huge.
I missed the #creatures video premiere by !! Damn it! I'm very pissed..UGH!
44 Is G
or downing's stat of 0 goal 0 assist
Hash tag, number sign, tic tac toe board. Whatevs.
Not sure I'll catch it live. Do you know when they'll post audio on their site?
RT : Growing up, HeMan was my favorite after school comic to watch- so it's extra cool they had Skelator do the Halftime show
Glenn I emailed you 2Yrs ago that the 1933 emergency Powers Act. of FDR is still in effict so why don't you look innto it first
I will say that this sandwich is fockin amazing. I missed u
Happy National Shrimp Day!
beginning work on accessioning 's Haiti Memory Project interviews into Nunn Center collection. Bilingual OHMS by fall i hope!
You are a good man, Corey Smith.
“: If you fear rejection, get a job trying to hand out free samples at the mall food court, problem solved!”
Great sound! Just added a new station to Pandora "Sonos Radio" Looking forward to hearing more.
shut up!
The house always seems to get cold around this time
can sing at my wedding and funeral #Fan Fan Fan
Its a great day to make the world a better place! Tomorrow lets start judging by values not value.
You are not my friend mommy, you're my best friend.
I'm pretty sure I need a breakfast drink.
FYI, I fixed the line breaks so that the posts in my website repository are easier to read on github.
being a Os fan means fantasy baseball! Let's get your top 5 at each position fantasy wise
Big Ben's hat is paining me more than the loss.
I'm calling the police!
Crawling into bed with bug spray still on my body
Enjoy Austin! One of my favorite cities.
That actually made me laugh out loud. Im d to play
: who was that girl #Katie ya'll were talking bout this morning? that was TOO funny ^_^
I cant wait for school to be over ;)
lol i bet
-- the startup, not the band -- Love the logo. When's the t-shirt available? Seriously.
I balanced all, brought all to mind The years to come seemed waste of breath A waste of breath years behind In balance with a life, a death.
I lost one of my shoes at Cheap Thrills.
i found another gem
yea...after i already knew...smh lol
CEO Sheldon Adelson: Your customers want online #poker licensed in the US. Please support licensing & regulation.
You definitely shouldn't follow the owner because his tweets are awful and you definitely don't want to know what he's up to
Little lost hipsters...
You know is a joke when their update today was about their own stupid contest and never mentioned
grateful dear extremely grateful
when she takes the camera focus of her boobs & on her face, she really isnt that attractive.
When you do, contact me. I work for the biggest plaintiff's employment-discrimination firm in Arkansas.
"Daddy issues"
#newplay yes. But want immediate reflection to be dangerous. I confess my interest in #occupy plays is safe engagement
i wasnt was i?
The Oscars is the only of the major award shows that comes even close to getting it right, and they nailed this one. Congrats, "The Artist."
Why is there ALWAYS some kind of dental professional on The Bachelor?! Is this any indication of where I'll end up if I pursue dentistry?
you never text me ! :/
what about beginning teachers with little resources to draw on?
Hey #Chicago what shopping local mean to you?
Nope, not over yet.
Home from DC. Well, not quite. In the office now, but heading out at noon. Early flights are rough.
RT - NFL UPDATE - The Jacksonville Jaguars have sold enough seats to their home game against the Tennessee Titans to ...
OOH KENNY U A DAMM LIERR FOLKS IM BEATIN HIS ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
5000 business cards for $90.00 today and tomorrow.
im grown I do wat I want!
you are doing many things right! (lol) One is sharing your important message in your book, Nice Girls Just Don't Get It!
Wow, I must of been tired when I tweeted that...Let me know how you like #Fireworks NOT Firefox. LOL
#letsberealistichere the mustache makes you look like a pervert. Shave that shit!
you'll need yo go to the gym right now I just got back back and I'm catching up with you'll
Anybody got those red/wht retro 14 size 11 for sale???
"I'm pretty sure it's not safe for us to drive to in and out...no it's cool I have my glasses " convo between and myself
haha I hope so - i dont know if i can deal with
Nothing cleans the colon like some oakland gyros with extra hot sauce
wahhhh no love. kidding, love you more!
RT : For me, I think it was about 6 months from that point until I sold my car. (NB is cheaper and has...
Previews & discussion leading up to AAC&U Gen Ed & Assessment next week in New Orleans? Looking forward to it!
one of my followers!
Upsetting to hear about robbers in Escondido killing a little dog at a home they hit. Police say it's part of a series of crimes... News8
**Slots open April 27th and 28th, hit me up! **
Salt Water Taffy(: yeah(:
Check out tons of photos & more on our facebook page at "Slyder Football" and please "like" us if you can.
ooVoo. now. James is willing to help.
What is the difference between regular and ultra grade airsoft guns? target :)
I'm trying to remember when it was - early 00's?. It was fantastic. You could play until you got a ? wrong, getting $.5 each time
Man riding bike in Lebanon robbed
You're 13. You smoke, you're not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes. Your mom must be so proud.
And let the fun begin! Just boarded the Cardinal at Cincinnati to Chicago - Janice is taking care of the sleeping car passengers
FACT OF THE DAY: WOMEN DON'T LIE THEY JUST AVOID THE TRUTH ANY WAY POSSIBLE. SHE THINK SHE #SLICK HA'
Somtimes i wish they would die
I know right, one time my flight was late by 2 hours, i mean 2 flippin hours!!!
": #NOTSC #Saints coach Sean Payton signed a one year deal to become paper towel spokesman for Bounty: The Quicker Picker Upper."
there are plenty but check who sponsors are so you can tell who is woth it. is woth it.
agreed, it's interesting to see how well they are doing, right?
Talking to my PT...What ya up to?
oh great to hear, didnt realize you were back!
love is pain & pain is love
I despise PHX... how the f*ck is this game tied.
Ol' sucka ninja, always rappin, cake making ol' jive turkey foo...
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (heabt)
finally social networking I understand!
Congrats to to being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
i used to use goog docs, and switched to dropbox. works really well for me
I want it to be august
I love you too Michelle Schwab <3
Follow me on instagram
How do you stop students from getting distracted by links? Say read it through first, then back to links. But will they do that?
It's a Beautiful Morning! Aw, let's take a walk outside in the sunshine! Have a Fantastic Day! :)
Thanks Christine!
sold on rstudio
Wanna try something new...
admit it. We all love homosexual porn cinemas. .
my stomach needs to get back to houston soon for a vacation from my vacation.
Forgive me. I meant the "Fighting Blanks," not the Bison.
Thanks. Now I HAVE to stay up late to read/watch it. You ruined my #beautysleep schedule!
Feel better!!!:)
It already has. I have distribution. I'm going to be able to return to the WRP universe any time I want.
#Paterno & #Cain prove Edwin Edwards right:The only way I can lose an election is if I'm caught in bed with either a dead girl or a live boy
Okay with Clifton out of the mix what is GB game plan for his position?...since Clifton even with a bum back was their best OL..
At work. Having a great time boo yah
At branding seminar. Only way I recognized Corp of Engineers in "guess the brand" was because they are big on Twitter!
confirming two hot artists this week...tune in
Mondo Cane
I got next!
rainy first real day of summer in st. louis = 2 farmer's markets (!!) and best grilled cheese ever
love that film -- Strathairn is amazing. how is the florida sunshine treating you? 40's in chicago this weekend!
Just left Sanctuary in Chicago. What a great place. Thanks Marty.
Awesome! Thanks!
tommorow goin be a sad day
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Jamison will be there.
A tradition unlike any other. A great Sunday at the
"However if it is about $$$, at least bring more to the table than looks... Oh well, to each her own."
OMG ive been trying to be noticed for years by ! when will that day come? mabye after im done watching the movie today? #NSN!
RT : With gas prices this high who wouldn't want to win a family vacation?! Enter LEGO® Travel Adventure Challenge:...
man nvm i not excited about the new COD Black ops 2 trailer i can already tell from the whole technology they have it. the games gonna blow
Just changed my Desc, It Might help more people to learn about me. =)
Did u guys enjoy #RAWTonight ???
Congratulations to on winning the John H. Chafee Environmental Award. Making #NM proud!
Gingrich is going to be where my dad & cousin work. Not that I care about him, but my family might be in the background shots!
RT : I've a feeling my wallet is about to get a bashing...same here....worth it though
I can almost feel the pounds pile on from this holiday break... LoL
uptown Dallas, the crowd is getting crazy! Hook'em
yo, DM me a proper email to communicate properly with ya. Not sure if the one I got works - Mendez
Can I hit it in the morning without giving you half of my dough and even worse if I was broke would you want me?
thank you!
great night at Expo5! Again OVW delivers top notch for bottom dollar!!! True wrestling fans follow me and I will follow you!
I wish I knew more people who understand what I do.
Oh i'd love to! Ready? (;
absolutely. Best to get a pair you love and live in and spend a bit more on them.
ah I knew it. Hit me on the hip.
I need to start making my own smoothies at home. I don't even remember the last time I used my blender.
When are we gonna be on GOOD MORNING AMERICA?!? Coaches have hold me "You'll see it when you believe it."
just follow me! RT for that good ol' follow
Amazing night tonight. I met with a old friend tonight, just amazed how as time flies bye, good friendships never die to share life n dreams
Maryland now up 8-6 with 4 mins to go.....what avery great game. Hopkins owned the 1st half, but Maryland has Dominated the 2nd.
Melo will clutch it again
hhhhmmm gotta try it
One of these days when is free (and is fuggin with me), we will make some alternative music. It will dope
Finally home, another 12 hour day
Thank you cards 24-48 hours after say important things about you
talking halle berry and donkeys
A rasberry Iced tea sounds really good right now......
Watching the sun rise..
WHERE KENYON AT?!?
Kids these days. No respect for there parents. If that was me I would get a smack in the mouth, TO lmao..
Hey Portland.....how's that Oden pick working out for u?
They brought back "avatar: the last airbender" bur its called "the legend of korra" now :D super happy!!!!
Glad to see you've been to more countries than I have, . I think I've only made it to 18....gotta work on it! Tks 4 the follow!
Just landed in Miami! By the end of the day I'll be home again :)
did you almost forget it was #SEXUALWEDNESDAY??
Yeah, they have a cool thing going on. What do you like? I can make a recommendation. Anything I can do to support them.
i'll admit it, i'm excited for season 7 of KUWTK. #waitwhat?
your crew is ready!
Based on TV in Kentucky, BULLY is taking the south by storm.
To Work I Go.
Not now since Newt just got secret service protection. It'll be awkward if they show up for duty and newt quits.
Fundraiser tonite from 6-8pm at ! Email for details!
Having a piece of mine premiered 4/13 (Friday) at St. Andrews Episcopal Church in Highland Park, Pittsburgh. Downbeat is at 8. Seeya there!
this chick pretty
Spurs in 4, Thunder in 5.
You're welcome. Always happy to help in the NYC restaurant journey. Feel free to reach out at any time.
If tno laws, it seems a question of acceptable risk.The state decides some places, family elsewhere
G'Nitersz , hope yu had a gud note despite the complications...hmu.
Making 3 customized vans and crying coz you won't be able to get them for at least 7 months
I might say the same for USC grads :-) RT : Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.”
Okay I can't sleep fuUuuuuuu
that explains so much haha no wonder I don't remember the night
RT : 45% of twitter's 230 million tweets day originate from mobile - michael Abbott
How many kids whose families can afford the PPV price do you think would actually want to be professional fighters?
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Mardi Gras continues with Chicken Gumbo....and Bacon Blue Burgers
worship was great!
When you were having sex with him all he did was giggle at your boobs. Lmfaolmfao tff
saw a double-header of: "La Voix Humaine" and "Paggliacci" - the first one wasn't great, but the second was lovely
Come to Linneman's now! RIGHT NOW!! ROCK!!!
List making is time consuming.
can't wait for Friday!!!
cannot wait! Rod Stryker!
Up all night, tired all day. tomorrow will NOT be fun.
follow me?(:
SHARING IS CARING MY LOVE
Now the next and the backbone step, is to dig out for the right talent
I spy and on the big screen during the DPLA keynote at
Landed in an's VIP suite at beer fest a beer that tastes like white wine
An iPad 2 to every incoming student in the new MA program--one way to encourage hands-on thinking about platform.
she chooses the vampire of course. Why on earth would she want a dog.
that concert was FANTASTIC!!!
#freshmeat jack whitehall's actually quite funny, who'd have thought it!
Hopefully this crowd picks up here or I may consider trying to move down and get a closer vantage point! Come on Cavs fans!
Yeah yea this is how we kick it, love it when yo kick it, wish that we could do this all the time...
I'm getting really tired of hearing my own voice on that Stitcher promo. Anyone else feel like recording a new version for me? - Mike
HEY! WAIT! I got a new complaint.
Randy Ready? Really?
sometimes its lonely to live a state of only 600,000 people. very spread out you know.
the 50 round yoppa clip remind u of a curly fry, when i reveal this long ass gun man ima have the world surpised,
I love you. Just thought I should let you know (:
It's an impressive asemblage of librarians here iin my meeting with Random House.
I have and hope you have too!!! Thanks girl!!! Xo
well of course. How long have LAL been in the league? Only 1 team has more. Nothing to do with the present or future
see u in the AM
Grt news 4 the museum world. Congrats on ur NY fellowship --u deserve it!! Let me know u have a w/end to sneak away to Chicago
Mexican bakery is replete. It's Mexican mother's day and I'd forgotten. Oops.
stop in chicago will ya!
Omg... So excited for your album ! :)
thanks! Hard to sleep during the day tho. ;)
Hi White Strings Records.. Its great to be following you on Twitter.
#ConfusingThingsGirlsDo I take a shower before I go to the gym.
Not gonna lie. Dominos has definitely stepped up their game. Still not gourmet but almost as good as Papa John's.
Welcome back to the excitement!
My managers gonna hit you back in the e-mail we needa talk about something else
Hi Doug! What is your exact date? Is it an exact reprint?
which tim? Got two cuzins named tim. This ewing tim rite?
A late Valentine's Day love story. Rebekah found true love. How did it go wrong? www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page today for comments.
Cam newton court side in all suns gear yeah!!!
Is there a plato's closet in el paso? If yes, can someone take me?
: when I get up make sure I take my phone.. : when I get up make sure I leave with you.
Are you still having issues with your desktop client?
So many awesome things happening for friends. So happy. Hard work pays off! Get to have some much needed Chris time tonight. #bringit!
Okay i wanna drink who wants to?
your a pure badass!
I'll have to check it out! Thx!
Up late workin on #NFG designs for warped tour & listening to #transplants. Some of my friends sell records, Some of my friends sell drugs.
Hey back! Got this while I was at CES in Las Vegas...140,000 people pawing at new devices. Pass the Purell!
That's how we roll!
please austin im begging yue plz follow me
Interfaith Worker Justice's 15th birthday is today. Consider making a birthday gift by going to www.iwj.org
D Rose gon do his thing but they not messin wit Melo after that 40pt game!
hey wat up man I notice that we have the same birthday and we in the same career and city...
This sucks..I need followers...
Usually people will only notice that you are balding when you have lost almost 50% of the hair in your scalp.
are you giving big?
": dudee french class made my day! lmaoo"
I know exactly :)
I miss someone who doesn't miss me :'(
I've got a golden twinkle in my eye
Also Thanks for following and welcome
So much to do laying the groundwork for a new high tech green energy product. A strong management team is critical to success.
thank you. You'll have to come when it happens : )
Nice day...think I'll take a bike ride :)
when will google drive be available for google apps users?
CHICAGO representing tonight in Vicksburg &
It's cute that you think government should legislate our families, but not your moneymaker churches,
Untangling early modern discussions of the evil eye and menstrual blood is not particularly straightforward, in case you were wondering.
Is your PMO not meeting the expectations of senior managers? You're not alone!
Hey, Textbook Industry: UP YOURS!
10 Ridiculous Pregnancy Questions From Yahoo! Answers - Babble (blog)
I know it's early. Any idea on Sherrods jersey number?
Jerico, Thanks for your hard work and dedication to the program over the past 4 years. I'll never forget your hit against Auburn.
A boxer dog was rescued from the top floor of a burning Haverhill home
Student marketing teams (win a dinner) to figure out best way to communicate with students. Feedback: send postcard to students' home (wha?)
I Always Say I How I Don't Need You, But It's Always Gonna Come Right Back To This. Please, Please Don't Leave Me.
What is one thing that someone has said or done online lately that has really rubbed you the wrong way?
hope your fingers het better :)
Raising the bar in 2012
but... pincers would be pretty badass...
Slow dancing in the kitchen with Betsy...if this isn't a country song, it should be.
it was a fun party
this Sat Only on at 9:30am. Can't wait to see what was done to the Go Team
I wish people would text me back
I'm right here in front of you, and I can't stop sh-sh-shakin
So excited For New Jonas Album!
Still on pace for 102 points!
well i kept on messing up lol and yesturday my hair looked a mess lol
until a later date most likely.
Registration is open for today's $140 buy in noon tournament. It's Saturday, which means it's a Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 1:40 pm.
Some slow risers on that one -> "so people like me and a fair share of the members of congress pay our fair share of taxes"
That's sucks how you been
Mirror mirror on the wall, whos the FAKEST of them al
did you have sex with that dog before or after the picture?
thanks for the RT. I'd live to catch up next time I'm in LA. Hope you both are doing really well!
nailed it on Dylan Ratigan's show today!
An incresible score by Canada! But it was too little too late as they fall to Argentina 19-12.
Thanks Betso! Up and Down the Court works perfectly! (I think you might like this one :-) )
thank you everyone for all the feedback and support for my first video!! love you all :) <3
"I wish 1D go back to the UK and be one of those UK artist that us Americans never hear of. Or rarely hear of." HAHAHAHAHA no.
No, repower 4 truth When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable. Descartes
Uh get to notice Hm sounds like a good idea to me 👍 😃 💋
question: how much lab time would u designate for students in a DH 101 class?
- we totally watched this at our arcade advisory board meeting this week!
Mass Effect 3 ending was fantastic. My Shepard would give everything for everyone.
#Str8LykeDes... Im going to a party when the last time you eva heard dat...
#YouTube's 490 million users uploaded more video content in a 60-day period than the three major US television networks created in 60 years.
Wells Fargo sucks a bag of dicks...actually most financial institutions do these days.
oh yeah... and i should really do my taxes soon.
REALLY? you're here.. In MS.. and jus started going with this girl, in Mexico. and you're in love with her?! have you even met her?! #SMH!
the Up All Night tour DVD is leaked on youtube asdfghjkhlgdj i'm so tempted to watch it
Playing a short set at the Hotel Indigo West End tonight at 9 pm! Would love to see some of you!
o hush you snapback back ! #bueshabangh that !
thanks for stopping in last night
I have yet to see any of my friends since I've been home
When the light turns green, u go. When the light turns red, u stop. But what do u do when the light turns blue w orange & lavender spots?
love watching u dance Julianne...look forward to it!
text a homie back
Thornton May. What the IT Leaders of the Future Need to Know. Session
Any alternative to Excel for making a quick x-y line graph? Preferably web based.
see you soon!
Legal protection or license to leverage Microsoft/AOL's R&D? Maybe some of both...
A man a plan a canal panama
Daughter asked me to come to school and have lunch wih her today for her 10th birthday...how could I possibly say no?
that's got to be motivating your clients ! Lol!
Listening to BITTY MCLEAN !!! They don't write 'em like that anymore! , whoever they are.
The Sun Publishes Best-Worst Internet Trend Piece Ever [Lolwut]
He gets so mad when I call him cuz lmao
I'm pretty sure I tweeted that b4, but I have to say it again cuz it irritates me so much
RT : Dear Haters, thanks for keeping my name in every conversation of yours. 😜
That exciting moment when you hit 100mph.
Yes!!! we have so much to be grateful for! And you are loved immensely, dear one! :)
Greg and the Todd. We're in trouble! !!
#internetarchive built their own scanning stations; commercial ones too $$. 30 scanning centers in 7 countries.
When you put honey in your tea, it transformers the last few sips of tea from being kinda leafy to kind of awesome.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. William Shakespeare
Univision is starting to annoy me repeating them novelas nobody liked year after year ugh
found u!:p
I'm SO jealous. Please go to the crumpet shop in Pike Place and have a crumpet for me. Or five.
Cool Bro.
Challenges often make us realize we have more courage than we think and one person can make a difference in this world.
Yeap, it's going to take me 5000 man hours if you want it done right!
kids unreal. Hanks the reason they are in the playoffs but Jesus some of these goals are brutal. Cannot let up another.
Celebrating after making strides pink bra walk!
no problem. gotcha
News: New changes to the wiggles. M€e: they're finnaly gettingmarried?1
It's Friday Friday
Heading to #actorfest with and mama!
It's a kind of day! #PaintSplatterGalore<3
Yay! RT : Absolutely bloody delighted The Retribution is #1 in bestseller list. 1st time for me, w 25th novel. Never say die!
haha DOPE!!!!! Dys what's up!
already followed u! :)
Congrats and thanks to everyone who submitted their great work! Time to put on our dancing shoes!! WoOt!
My 3 year old pumped for her first plane ride. How cool is this?
Meeting w/ other synagogue & communal pros to talk about connecting to & partnering around
Ross Lynch in Austin&Ally.. that is one sexy ass boy!!! i love his voice<33 warms my heart<33
sweet, thanks!
Sunnyslope & Greenfield for lunch today!
Work out , bbl .
Overheard at Starbucks: "I did all my piercings on my body myself."
I CANT WAIT EITHER! :)
What a great quote!
#BOYFRIENDReview when I played it in the car, my friend who doesn't really like JB feel in love with it and him.<3
getting ready for this Pacers vs Magic matchup. I'm thinking the Pacers are gonna take this one. Gotta do business in between ..
Not a single thing in the entire world could have meant more to me this morning than my 7-11 brazilian bold.
you reap what you sow
Have you placed an order with us recently? Let us know how we did! We love getting your feedback!
Great seeing you guys non-virtually. I was very impressed by your talks, quite thought-provoking.
Movie was okay but overrated a bit too awkward for me.
Thanks for the #FF mention and for spreading the word about #OurSDVision!
Quote: Life is like a “Layer Cake”
why are most people mean..? #HATERS ask sarah but shhh. How's the salsa, I made it!
mic to receiver to laptop to PA system, I think.
Heat Fans if yall lose Sunday ...it's a wrap!
hahahaha I know!(x
The new scoreboards will be done for 2012, the South end zone renovations will be done for 2013.
like my new twitter? Lol
Wow 888 Followers! Cool! This one is for the #LibraryOfCongress!
the quick your'e here the faster you fall
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED YEEE SAW IT TRENDING :)
of course.. Same?
Jus Droppd Off Time Ta Go Home N Layout
It's sunny out! Enjoy your morning Pittsburgh!
happy birthday friend!
#swallt2012 keynote, Teaching on the edge: Language instruction in liminal spaces. W/ turn paradigms on side, make visible
no... We were not! Btw
Had a kikn new song idea in my head at work yesterday...got home and drew a blank! Hate it when that happens! Ready 2 start writing again;)
Thank you everyone who came out to support my charity event last night with With your help we raised over 200k! -Britney
have a fun vacation!!
or something to get signed too?
have to admit it..love it when the "Franchise" is on.....
RIP Maurice Sendak, you wrote some really weird stuff but I loved it as a kid.
Sweet! If you need anything please let us know!
I don't understand how people can be so fake.?.
Whoa, no kidding!
MAD MEN and business consulting: Management consultant could identify problems at SCDP quickly, would SCDP Partners act on recommendations?
ZirMed:We are the engine that powers your healthcare transactions,helping you collect money from your patients and payments from insurance
What happened?
Completely embarrassed to call NC my home tonight.
Not sure. Thanks for the RTing. ^dy
Thanks for the RT Tell us about a time when you've swapped skills?
yep started watching it and im hooked god i hope they lock her up forever!
Ha I wish I could take credit for this!
Swimming is my favorite because its the only time when a grown ass dude can urinate in public
that sounds great! I'm actually going to be at SDM on Wednesday with a friend, and otherwise I'm next free on 4/10 & 4/11.
i doubt it would be! :P
so I hope you will have time for mom
Yeah, what are the advantages of Skype vs Twitter or Twitter vs Guest Lecturer.
However, game development companies will only hire those who have already established a reputation
Ill take care of you...xo
I do not want them to meet in the NCAA which is entirely possible. I want to be able to root for both teams.
Downloading Peddl immediately. Love your app. Upgraded Craigslist for mobile. Awesome!
Hamlet and Queso is catchy
gold teeth are back
& I Simply Fukin Hate People. .
Good words to live by. RT : Thank you for the RT!
I will read your blog, Matt. Good luck to you. I went the JC route, too, and wound up getting my degree from UW-MKE.
High school senior Allison Bosse helped her classmates pledge to skip the ...: Since 2008, the organization has sponsored its "Your S...
Hi you're cool.
rainy new york day.
Hello May:)
We are extremely happy to have Dr. Rachel West be part of our amazing team!
watching the shitty ass mets
Have a great weekend. TY for your follows:
You sir, have been hacked.
I'm trying to call u
Not excited to go back to work today...
For the Class of 2012... We say "Never Stop Learning" some words of wisdom from Urban Flight Apparel TEAM.
DAMN , Imma Miss BOTH Games Fuckin W/This KB . Thank God For Smart Phones lol
I agree. #nba season opening tomorrow is gonna be sweet. A lot of great games on tap. Go #lakers woo!
Um, calm down. It's not like he killed someone, it's was a word he misspelled. Chill.
#mmfa2011 Alan Moore is getting us to think of outsourcing / crowd sourcing to change the world with mobile. Amazing
thanks for following!
So now Gasol wants to play.
"To move, or not to move from your hamlet?" That's the question increasingly asked by retiring boomers who are spurning retirement homes.
All this talk about cam newton! We dolphin fans are more concerned that we ended up with Matt Moore :)!
its 6:20 am i should be getting ready but fuck it You Me At Sixs music video came out while i was asleep :D
Missing girl has been found RT Sauk Co. authorities say 10-year-old Asia Crow has been found safe.
follow me thanks!:) followed u already:)
Nicely said! {:>) How are you Jodi?
W.wirelessmarketplus.com, username 5217516. Today I'll give you my pricing on sprint, verizon, and tmobile phones.
at U.Va: yo white fence is amazing
Try giving your customers valuable advice via social media rather than trying to oversell to them. Talk about how you solve their problems.
The Early Arrivals Reception is in full swing. Come join us at Texan Station for a drink!
ask him
On my way to WAKO british champs! -75kg
haha I believe ya (:
hehehe why thank you! :) it was really fun to play that role. Can you Skype today? :)
When do I find out if I get the next voxbox? have the emails gone out already I am so confused!
U want me to give u a shoutout?
came across someone that knew ya yesterday.. Awesome. Hello back at ya.
Beautiful! RT Flowery Nike
It's Tim Tebow Time! Or as I like to call it, non-execution of our offense and do-whatever-you-want-Tim Time.
When a guy says they like you just the way you are>
Such great stuff happening at mixer RIGHT NOW at ! Thanks for putting it all together!
bro, do i kno yu by chance ?
Bar after work: happening. Possibly alone.
I don’t care about your past. All I care is to know whether there’s a place for me in your future.
"And my head told my heart - Let Love Grow. But my heart told my head- This Time No, This Time No."
Scott and shawn, welcome to the page!
THANK YOU
HERE WE GO
Of course not. Who cares about kids in this town?
Start shooting another web series tomorrow..."Rogue Hunters"...reminds me a lot of Blade Runner!
Solar energy is being adopted because the petroleum reserves are facing depletion.
I hate CST's 
So your "busy schedule" this summer was to skip meals bitch? Join the XFactor or release some music. 😡😡😡😡
Hooray! All safe on the ground. Check your CO detectors, everyone.
had an amazing day was booked solid all day with appts Yay!
journal everything that you eat. it will open your eyes to what you truly eat and make it easier to make healthy changes
Living the dream!!
Wiz Khalifa killed that Chewy remix. One of his best songs ever...
Thanks much! Spring fashion has arrived!
I missedU guys but I stayed dry & cozy, + cooked for a change!.Codfish coconut/curry with my Mango/Tamarind condiment +broken rice&Kale!:)
Pasatiempo looks fabulous. Thanks for the pics.
#TeamBoricua all day!!!
Your home is probably your biggest financial asset, which means it’s more than just the place where you live.
Good morning #Indy! Here's to a frighteningly fun Halloween for you and (on a side note!) a BIG thanks to our 102 followers!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your sister says your friend is better looking than you
Thank you to all those who have served, are serving and your families! I appreciate your efforts and sacrifice. Happy
May is National Posture Month and this week is National Nurses and Teachers Week! Make sure to show your appreciation!
Dear , I would like to ask you a favor(: Nothing big, just a wee lil one.. Sincerely, Jamboree.
Thanks kindly...-BF
I love alien 3 and so many people hate it. I love Charles dutton in. I love how unapologetically hardcore it is
off Schultz's "hockey pants", backside.
i need a starbucks now!!!
Didn't say it wasn't; I was referring to the "shit ton that they don't export" statement since I can't comment on those
I'm all so very thankful for Oliver. God is so good, I'm so glad He gave me him. I've never met someone so humble and dope at the same time
Today we remember brave men & women who gave their lives 10yrs ago & fighting for our country. America will never forget 9/11
Oh:"go deep, it's always worth the trip. "
Unfortunately ERRA had to drop off The Psychedelic Sex Metal Tour. However Design The Skyline has been added to the line-up!
wow- kept snow in mouth to avoid breath being seen! That guy is awesome/terrible!
Making #frenchonionsoup for the first time. Its more like American Onion Soup though
Reading Q: What kind of impact has the control revolution made on our government?
Day 2 of InfusionCon and I've lined up 3 DrivingYourMarketing podcasts interviews with awesome marketers!
imma drop - kick you down stairs! >.<
man I used to work for y'all...y'all chicken nasty then a bitch lol
Getting ready to play , at WWOZ
Little-known Indian faith has been here for more than 40 years
Working on some cool stuff for the Summer line, muahahahahaha (evil laugh) Stay tunned! -The TV.
This city needs more cabs It's a matter of public safety. Make taxicab commission grant more licenses.
I'm trying. But I can't drink coffee. So brainpower from me might feel a little... fuzzy.
Here at for the Grand Opening of is here till 4:00 PM 6-8 a Jazz band will be here! Great Food & fun!
Let's make this last forever and ever and ever.
Check out the video on www.youtube.com
Keep her!
The show tonight at STIR is cancelled due to the weather. Looks like we have to unplug ourselves some other time. It will be rescheduled.
A life without cause is a life without effect.
a lot of scammers out there right now, amongst other things.
Early morning Yoga. Committed to get Fit. Daddy's belly will transform from "soft like a pillow" to not as soft.
Antonymic Homophones: chili;chilly, weigh;way.
now stands for “Neat! Beer-Con.” Couldn’t have done it with out ‘em.
Merry Christmas to all! Hope you are having a fabulous day with your families!
Last final today, picked up my gown and bought a lifetime Union membership. I guess this graduation thing is really happening
Sorry to be harsh. No excuse. Lost my mind. Best to you and your friends.
i need to network more, i jus been real busy makin #NewMusic tho.
I'm so hungry
bet that
...and a Happy weekend to you as well!
It's not like #Briere 's goal was offsides or anything... Psh.
Real movers? or from Craigs List? ;-) Give handful of 10s to ring leader while all together & say, "Y'all split it however" ;-)
And so it begins!
how's it going brother?
Been meaning to order a CleanStart colon cleanse??? U can call TODAY (305) 603-8540 and place your order! $68 FREE SHIPPING today only!
Oh! Thank you for the advice!. I'll tint down the talk balloons ;) I was a bit hasty.
yeah, if he kidnapped 30k kids it would be huge news alot earlier than this.
40 oz's for 4 dollars at the bar. #vintage #mke Now time to get wasted at the wonder bar
Bro b4 hoes was the motto i thought, and loyalty was the key to friendship, summa dese nigga make me wonder, wet the bed wit me thats on u!
Holliday sounds good, so yay for Josh's grill! Can we add food signup to twtvite?
Oh, I will. (Enjoy it, not fall asleep. Fingers crossed.)
Solid 5 mile run this morning! Feeling blessed already today.
Well, I guess that's a good way to stay in shape! lol
RT : with dedication, enthusiasm, and joy of your job, you can be as successful as you want to be via
So tired of being tired.
Boi Christmas is gone be very good for me bro
Great night on the patio w/family & new friends. My tummy is filled with fabulous desserts & my nose is still defrosting :)
Hope u get excited about a new work week then u are passionate about what u do
RT Taylor gang Or get a hand job by Edward Scissor hands
hey guys
RT ESPYs party recap: if your wife says,"Who's that? He's REALLY cute!" and it's Sasha Vujacic, it's OK to dump a drink on her.
Two weeks until #westweek ..... Working on the weeks events... #Rugs #fabrics all at Christopher Farr ...more to come
Next: Dream Cities: Urban Utopia and Prose by Poets in Nineteenth-Century France by Greg Kerr for Autumn 2012
Sitting in my harry potter room because too lazy to move ;-;
A cat in my house has the jankiest eye.
“: Will be on at 4:45 talking about the NHL playoffs.” and ECHL playoffs I would assume...
NC State, I presume. You don't seem like the Nevada type.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
Old friends have me riveted watching Clinton. I remember "voting" for him in kindergarten
People should follow he is a real gentlemen.
Have to do simultaneous equations by hand since the mac I am on doesn't have matlab or excel. Tedious but doable. There is Open Office...
Yersterday have my own party
Got my hands in the cookie dough! Making it sweet!
Happy Sunday! Enjoy an Easter Bunny brown butter rabbit burger on our front porch on this glorious day!
LIVE Music tonight at Whiskey Chicks! Spring Break never ends here in OKC!
sent that song we did
What advice would u give soon-to be- college grads looking to enter the Marketing industry?
Behind my smile is a hurting heart behind my laugh im falling apart look closely and you will see the girl i am isnt me<3
--- Is this serious?? Doc just injected him with Synth T w/out anything being said?!?
MT : Had a total blast at UVA... I walk away all agog about the graduate students and SLab hackers. Amazing group.
hey I'm tweeting you c:
Dance your cares away .. Worrys for another day .. Let the music play .. Down at Fraggle Rock .. Down at Fraggle Rock <3
Back from DC. A little jet lag, but looking for a second wind. Had a great time there with the Gemmells. Warm in DC, and nice in Vegas.
guess what song we listened to in language arts ?! #Callmemaybe made me think of you teehee
Christian Dior Flow.. Kanye West.
#cheflife got a nigga tired today
Take a shot every time there's a hard foul or dirty play. You'll be drunk in no time.
Morning have a bless day
Just grinding it out until 2.
♥ to for groovin' with me at last night! come back soon :)
<<< When I was up at Princeton I was thinking like damnn this school dead as fuck! Y'all senior year gon be wack af hahah>>>
I doubt it helps, but I'm craving it too now!
really just wanna hit something right now... i feel like
Justin's viddy > everything else
Hahahaha! I'd have a BLAST with your kids! :)
Enjoying the fact that my twitter feed is not clogged with live tweeting from SCOTUS arguments (and retweets thereof).
Congratulations!! Much love to u! Can't wait for our mud run!
It's 1130pm. Time to force myself to stop working for the night!!
SO excited for the game! Back to the line we go!
i just made $412.95! i hate the job, but i will continue to work there because it pays really well!
Any purchase from Lees over $5.00 gets you a FREE Tofu & Egg Taco....just show your reciept .... today till 2pm...hm mmhhhm daz rite!!!!
Watching coming 2 America before I pass back out... Love this movie
The internet is a scary place, kids. Especially when you are a stress bunny waiting for a call.
Somewhere we went wrong.. we were once so strong.. our love is like a song.
Happy birthday to my one and only bestfriend I love you girl. <3 everyone go follow her! That would mean alot to her:)
Perhaps fears the twitter effect. I'm at a news conference on Jazz Fest and can't get my hands on a news release... Hm
Next time u wake me up to yell at me ..... Were goin to have a seriouse problem...
Better then your 10 speed homie! : Nigga win the MVP and get keys to a kia.
Lady on the bus just busted out an old school Minolta camera and loaded it with film. I can't even recall the last time I shot film.
Is there anything fun going on in Denver this week?
NFL Experience is packed! Fill out the waiver online... Line's long!
We look forward to yours as well!
Beyond mad
R3hab tonight ! Clocks counting Down! Where are you gonna be tonight?
Flexing the power Mr. Jones, he crushed that one!
people are just buttholes dont worry about it
RedCrossPDX RT Been in the position of not knowing CPR. It sucked. And it's so easy. Learn it.
#England General Hooker was American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
lights camera action when I walk through the door how bout the pool
I agree, but the shit still happened and he deserves his punishment
I wana know how ain't no nigga good to y'all?
We are getting excited about upcoming updates to our website... Archer 2012 Website Coming Soon!!
Sometimes I can be such a needy person :-/
we're at the booth...
They are shooting an Elliot Gould movie next door. would cream his jeans.
Haha. Just ask to use the restroom.
It sounds amazing .....SO FAR SO GOOD!
I miss my car SOO much.
Get paid everday
#TurnberryToDo: Flower Pot Decorating: Perfect gift to give mom/dad! Beginning at 3:15p.m. on the Laguna Lawn. $10
I know.
Second chin beginning to form is a cruel reminder that however good life may be, I cannot eat all the Tex Mex I desire.
Who would like a couple of FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? (we have some guest list spots for our Twitter folks!) DM us!
What you know about them
Agreed! RT but where is the relish? No burger should be served w/o a healthy dollop of McClure's Spicy Relish!
aw thanks:)
There's definitely a need for more books on open source web mapping. Are either of you in NYC for AAG conference?
haha she fat to?
off to SB for a spot of downtime and modwork, 7days til I hit Irish soil again ... strangly excited altho ill miss my besties here<3 Luv u x
I love it I love it i love it i love it when you eat it
oh twitter how i miss u!
RT Biden: What other institution...has the power to take on this concentration of power and wealth?
"Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess." ~ Edna Woolman Chase
pretty much. I hate it because bball used to be my favorite sport.
tacos and BTR
ya! i luv that song its on my ipod
An owl just landed in my yard and shit on my lemon tree. It was beautiful
S/o To My new follower appreciate the love
Felix Mendelssohn died in 1847 at a mere 38 years of age from reportedly Cerebrovascular Disease(Stroke).
Okay, we have helped our Cindarelli! Remind me to post it again, too! & where do u come up w the genius crafts???
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” Michael Jordan
i love hoes
Dr. Jonathan Clark - The real reason people go into space: the view
it is!
I should have know the word "frog" would have caught your attention! :) I thought you were on Skype?
wish I could man. Hope it's a good time..I'll be up in two weeks tho!
Thank you kindly! Enjoy a splenderrifick weekend:-))
Splashing On You Hoes b l a t
#RacketBoys is close. Super close. next week.
Videos are in the works! Technical difficulties. beep bop boop
It's pretty awesome! RT : Everyone: Get your asses outside!
I already checked. Shit go hard my nigga! !!
Our purpose is to work His purpose, not our own.
oh I'm sorry to hear that :(( but as per usual you still maintain an amazing positive energy despite the setbacks!!! X
Thanks for the follow! :)
Do your children make you laugh? Mine do!
Hello sunshine
I have Taco Bell once a month...
No homo, but you really look good with the song im sexy and i know it. thanks for the follow. and good luck with the art bro.
LeBron James YOU ARE A CHOKE ARTIST DON'T BE MAD @ THE WORLD CAUSE THEY INVESTED SOO MUCH IN THE lil 3 CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE
Our Atlantic City team is very excited for tonight's 2012 Nightlife Awards! Readers voted Phillips Seafood as Best Wine Selection!
lol, I wish... Next time I will drink a lot less and hang out a lot more lol
Let the Pasco Trivia Challenge begin! Remember to use hashtag #pascotrivia when answering! 1st correct answer to each question wins.
on the Ellen show <3333
I totally agree. Why is our own work the hardest to complete? I never feel like its finished, even if I'm happy with it.
I Can Tell That #oomf Mad At Me.
It is labour indeed that puts the difference on everything--John Locke. Sun Valley Hospice wishes everyone a safe and happy Labor Day.
RT: Borders books filed for bankruptcy. How do you sleep at night, Angry Birds?
im proud of u Dominique..thats great!!!`
Fotis laying out topics which seem important for further work: mapping between models, assessment & validation of models, … #kodm +
Both Tauruses. Mine's coming up this Sunday.
wow.. you are a master potter.. great work on the wheel!
How come?
Now, a moment of sadness.
no prob, DanielleE! oh and gargle with some warm salt water. it's gross, but it works!
followed back mayne
haha I've seen those before. They're the best (:
I guess it does a great job of recreating meatspace experience of a record collection, but that limits possibilities
Hey , Foodfight registration is open & we're thrilled to have & we'd love to have you on board too!
get at me bro its sicc!
Planning a party for my friend. Any suggestions on venues?
I hugged and on Thursday. So that should count. Have YOU hugged a #DearTeenMe author lately?
Are you going to LA for school?
the hills are allliiiiiive
Writing my heart out. :)
watching your marathon is good pre-game prep. Though, the rotten eggs from hong kong were a bit much...
Eating oatmeal 5 or more times a week will reduce the risk of heart disease - beyond lowering cholesterol by 29%.
- Ha! Ya, I am sure some of mine are spam too, but I don't want to worry about sorting... Will do lists soon though! :)
Mining a Year of Speech is developing an XML schema proposal for text/audio alignment.
Why am I still up.
It's not like the other 20 debates haven't produce the same theatrics, rhetoric or spin. Is it November yet?
Don't give up on me Twitter followers and friends. I am off twitter/fb during lent (Sundays in lent are not part of the 40 days)
funny RT “: 95% of spider deaths are caused by women, but done by men.”
Why am I so tired???
go look at facebook... i gave you your own facebook concert :D
Steve Jobs is not going to rise from the dead. Move on.
Feel like listening to Marvin's room for some reason.
RT : I'm really glad I brushed my teeth before drinking that orange juice.
Nope! Purposefully NOT counting this year! :) lol!
Sitting in on the #SPARC_Binfield webcast.
we all do
Yes! I didn't get to see Crazy Jenny in Poland so I have to see her before we leave Denmark.
keep going darling!!! you can do it! good luck with them all
Horrendous smell of smoke and smoke detector going off faintly in the distance. NW Portland
Heading to Acts Nashville to get some booking done.
Just look at what did to me!
Hate my life!!!
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.- Saint-Exupery
"who sat around and thought about killing a pig with a bird? I just don't get it!" -mommy haha love that lady.
May I have a picture with you to prove that angels really go exist?
I just finished a 3.47 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Loving the weather in Vegas today. feels like back east. :)
thanks for the offer though! just not quite sure if my bare feet would have made it that far :D
and God said, Thou shalt go and chow down!! :-D
what a fantastic wine list they have!
safe travels with
The Big Notebook
My speech teacher is really dumb!
Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word "Direction" comes up on a daily basis.
I also turned the air off to get it over 50
5th elite 8 in Self's 9 years @ KU. Not bad. Now, go take a leak.
I found ur lo-jack info should I alert the authorities of ur intention to party ur face off?
Marlins game is still on! Winning 6-3!
Now on to Recall Races. Barrett would win a primary, 36 to 29 against Kathleen Falk. Barrett hasn't decided yet on a run.
I hate it when people can't tell a good story
Packing everything for when we are going to film a new music video for a new song tomorrow! It's gonna be so fun! :D
I agree with you Vic .... Tebow is a gamer ... We haven't even seen one game yet .... Everyone chill ....
i emailed warped tour many times to have u play at warped tour!! im also getting people to too. <3
Unfortunately it got worse today.... Stay tuned. Bed came. But........
yo i got vacation in June, we should do those ASAP.
sorry for the late reply! Our list is constantly changing, which is why.
The only thing worse than opera is someone who hums along with opera.
How the hell can Taco Cabana run out of taco shells?
Happy #Friday. Keep the #dreaming alive :)
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
Remind me who I am.
"When you run your hands over it, you get a feeling?" Can you translate this online?
yeah babe, everywhere
going to my sister's soccer game:)
$823 — The median weekly wage in Illinois for companies of any size.
Prepping for Texas - Oh man we are stoked. :)
im sad and upset that i cant try your new pepsi flavors... sorta feel empty inside. Thinking about buying a coke.
Lisa Goes Gaga.
#GreatnessIs being able to make yourself happy with out others help
Tweet yall later!!
I am so freaking mad.
Getting ready for The Big Read events at Columbia...so cool!
thanks for the follow Gordon. Are you going to be enjoying the Olympics this summer?
Walking in the #SouthFayette #RelayForLife on Saturday. Who else will be there?
when are you writing the next chapter of your wonderful story? :D lol
Burn the list! Problem solved. Sure, it might cause OTHER problems, but...
oh thxs it help
I want to go to Australia. :/
you should have just stayed in miami and play with/for the dolphins. You can do all that cool stuff there!
Working from home has taken on a whole new dimension. Awesome sitter means I can work later, tho' it requires hiding in the basement.
What's news about are we working on the #integrationprocess #convergence? #Rulesoforigin is my book
“So I had to say I believe in science — and people on stage look at you quizzically as though you’re was an oddball” -Huntsman. sad very sad
I'm tired.
Uh oh! I've discovered the world of RPG and Classic Platformer apps. Hello Fallen Realms and Sonic CD, goodbye productivity.
Happy Tuesday!!! Come visit our 50% OFF table for cute finds!
Last day to early vote in Cook County. I just came back, lines were nonexistent. Go!
It's been an day with my #cigars. I've had an Ortega Serie D No. 10 & a Cubano No. 2. Great smokes!
True. Still would like a white Christmas...
disappointed in sportscenter with the placement of 7 in top plays. You were a solid 6 mister.
creativity is best when we get out the way & allow GOD www.nickywooten.com
I miss u
According to Nightline, teenage boys masturbate.
I don't think I can do this..
There are labels/certifications for all sorts of products or check out these purchasing guides.
Just had a revelation about how to use my extra brownie crumbs.
Hey Billy - if you're looking for local support for any of the dates...please check out Leather Feather - www.leatherfeather.net
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:46am in Atlanta, GA it is 25 degrees. High: 46* Low: 28*
Holding my peepee in <
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Volunteer Roundup this Thursday 7pm 18 N. 5th Street! Bring a friend
thinks is the shit. He's like a breath of fresh air amongst all these whack ass "My chain, My chain.." rappers**coughGucciManecough**
Mike Lookingland is up after being tended to by the Blast trainer.
Sounders to play Community Shield 2-29-12 (free admission)
Thanks for the kind words about our Ted! She's a grand dog.
PokerStars Releases BOOM! Hand Replayer Poker Hands Sharing Device
“: Angel funding is a contact sport. Collaboration is key. it's in our DNA. #ACASummit”
RT Thanks for the mention!
I wanna do a music collective mtng where we all bring in recordings we made in a 24 hour span.
pretty sure i had a mullet in 2004... i'm being very serious.
Ratings came in for Mud People and they were AMAZING!! Thanks to all for making it a great show!
well i like them both so either is ok but adele i have to do perfect which i try on all my songs but her 4 sure
now speaking on how helps them reach supplier relationship goals. Focused on SLAs and surveys.
Great song!!! I also love the cover that Nonpoint does of it!!!
A Philly #glutenfree food truck I need to try soon- sounds delic
already knew that we had a chart in our book and it is cool
To clarify: I mean scholarship on, not by, trans folks. Having read a lot of it really did a number on me.
Feeling thankful today for all the artist in this world whose wonderful talents & expressions help define our humanity. Happy Thanksgiving
with you is my favorite place to be
All these people keep saying "FOLLOW/RETWEET FOR A PROMO" Well I always do it & shit dont happen !
biology eoc tomorrow
Did you know that Nashville has ice cream trucks but also grilled cheese and burgers trucks around town??!?
I agree ....i told my daughter when she turns 18 I am moving there; she replies "what about the earthquakes?"
RT The list of things I'd like to embed in the MPAA is going longer and getting sharper every day.
fawk I keep forgetting my dude! Software update fir the evo was released today btw
lol oh god
VINNY FOLLOWED ME BEST DAY EVA NOW WE GOTTA MAKE HIMM FOLLOW U!!<33
Heard that. “: being in a different time zone is killing me.”
I'm giving you up, you're letting me down
That might end up being the worst rated finals just because of casual fans.. but ppl who actually like ball would enjoy it
I just realized I have to shower later 🛀
I know, right?! I want that couch so bad.
Happy Easter! :)
Good night y'all! Wet dreams!
Hot Summer in the city 103, ouch! How are you staying cool?
Amazed we still have power at work after that horrific thunderstorm.
I want to see you, hug you, make you smile, make you laugh, just lie on the couch next to you, and then fall asleep beside you.
PS ladies, it's totally disgusting to blow your nose in the shower at the gym.
Happy MLK day everyone! How are you celebrating your day off?
Going to sleep a happy girl :)
also, if the line moved the other way, and late clients won, it is graded a loss since the capper released at losing line
RT : We loving the crew..RT: ": Where would I be w/o & Iono #thecrew"
At school with
Just wrote, now off to ball.
In scary movies there's alway a few ppl die in the beginning
The boys are supposed to be back in the UK tomorrow! Then their next big thing is the US, 19 days until Chicago, I'm dying guys :) -Caitlin
Wafu, a Japanese restaurant in Sydney, has a zero-tolerance policy on #food wasters.You don’t clean your plate, you can't return.
Huge bummer. My sister and I used to watch the Monkees after school when we were little. :(
that is actually pretty perfect! I am available anytime after 2:30 this week except thursday and friday
RT : Absolutely love the #Packers throwbacks.
How to Lose Friends and Alienate People
A 3 Day Weekend is REALLY going to help get me through this week! #america!
Thanks for the follow ArtfaceUK! Wonderful, informative site you have!
GREATEST SHOT IN GOLF THE PAST 25 YEARS!!! LOUIS!!!!
Some girl in my driver's ed class thinks she's a cat. God help her.
Take it for what it is, it's all we have. Pricks.
I guess I didn't realize that either! The Italians really liked him when he was running...
#Veterans FREE admission to the B&O this weekend. THANKS for all you've done and all you do!
Club hopper
Looking for a light popular novel c. 1900-1915 to finish my fall AmLit survey. The Wizard of Oz? A Princess of Mars?
YEAH, RNG. YEAH.
can you please tell MintzPlasse to follow me man please
Shadow sold, I'm sorry. You have good taste!
. If you look at our YouTube channel, we do media interviews on all channels :) We need to get the truth out.
I don't have a calendar
We All Gotta Go Skating Or Something! And Sure! And I Need Some With Blaine!
Really bummed that George Washington is dead
HAPPY BIRTHDAY/CHRISTMAS!
I'm sick of all of it! I wish they would leave our #Saints alone!!
Damn, I just pulled a
fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse - francis bacon
Haven't lost a ward yet.
I'm tweeting both the blues and the thunder games.
Sports banquet -__-
Hoy you doing today
darn we got caught. xD
At work working on 3 hours of sleep today😁😒
The fourth will be with you, always.
Kyle. one of the best & most consistent shooters this season. Good quality overall. deserves to be in the final.
Don't tell me u want me then ur actions say otherwise
cool we'll map sumn out
From what I can see on the #BC looks pretty full tonight.. fans gotta bring that energy..
Yawn. RT One more time: Chris Paul should be a Laker.
unfortunately not. some interesting points were made, but nothing new or enlightening for those w/basic knowledge of new media.
yeah ha
most respect Commish!
Wait a minute!!!! Some UK fans gave MB condoms?!?!?! :O u kno wat...I'm not even gone say nun.....
I mean really who doesn't like tater tots.
Ugh SOn DonE With My DaM WorK
Things I learned about myself this week: Eating binges are like cutting - just a form of self-abuse when I panic/get depressed.
Yay! :) But is your mom going? Cause i need her money.
Lol RT : RT : 10 Facebook Tips: Its a social networking site, not a diary, stop posting your life stories on there.
Congrats to Byron boys golf team for winning the Mayo Invitational with a team score of 308. Red Wing, Winona tie for 2nd at 315
this weekend... Chilling with the peeps..
Tackeling my brother at 2 am cause he stole my cherry coke. :D
Unfortunately, panic was more like, "Does that mean you gave us all bad grades?!"
Planning for this weekend. . . . .
Angels dont get this pleasure This is the emotion known only to mankind If fate is by side by side
Can someone with an #iPad in hand & a minute to spare help me out to test something quickly, please?
Why do the have braille on the ATM Buttons in the drive through at the bank . Do blind folks really drive
Does anyone know where I can find information on the history of Amaranth? (I'm looking at you, !)
B$%$ i might Be
Haha. Still can't believe you're a Polar Bear. I still wish I could have that as an ECA.
your welcome
Josh Hamilton must of blown a shitload of coke tonight
so no #DarkKnightRises trailer w #HP7.5 does that mean has something special up their sleeve for #sdcc?
"If you want to show your family the real Florida, Gator Park is a must see."
RT : Awesome day at #vedgewater with project. Orientations started, beds are in, soil is ready to go....
Just let me watch u dance baby.
you're mad that i didn't go to school, and i'm not pale anymore. ;D
I've gotten some questions thanks guys :) I'll answer them now
oh ok do you still go to marygrove??
I know...right...lol
yeah yeah yeah!!!!
like, legitimately??
Upgrading a large-ish Rails 2.3 app to 3.0. Props at this stage belong entirely to and the rails_upgrade plugin but now I must sleep.
But then took over 5 mins to check in at Delta kiosk. Shouldn't take longer than 90 seconds. Very irritating when you're late
Patrick Bordeleau has been suspended two games. He will miss both games against Rockford this weekend
": Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years."
Life goes by too fast. [Oldest child graduating college this weekend. Took 10 long years to become preggers, then 22 years blows by.]
She got a mouth full of lies, a pocket full of cash.
Good night gang!
Or Darkhawk. Failing that... New Warriors.
yea. If you want :)
sorry man I didnt see you I was in the studio with just shut it down for the night
Yeah they are TWINS! i can't believe you didn't know that :O And spencer is the youngest twin :)
I have some really great coworkers, y'all.
girl you talked to me yesterday. stop tryna stunt.
Nope! I keep thinking that if I can just get through this week, I can catch up next week, but it never comes!
Thinking about what to drink tonight at
listening to talk about his #GRAMMYs winning album The Road From Memphis... recorded on analog, everyone in the same room
For God's sake, the #PSVita isn't even out for a few hours :-|
This is flipping amazing
but you can TRY things at the distillery! :)
Snow flurries in silver spring! Nice ending to dragon tatoo
Thats Why I Told You, So Now You Know RT : i cant tell
I'm too awake right now.....
This is how I know I'm still damaged
Sending the treasures home mit person is definitely the way to go... When's your big departure date? Have a happy return!
oh that's too sweet! Hope you have a beautiful day! QT : sure
nice shot thanks for sharing :)
Wow...Wednesday. This week is already flying by. A big thanks to all of our clients for a great start to 2012!
Draymond Green and Michigan both finished with 16 rebounds. (Thornton missed FT at the end tied it.) via
you boys watching? That was a quick one.
I am deciding to employ my roommate 's mad skills in teaching me how to tweet. I know I'm behind the curve. Don't judge.
out of town for a while starting saturday. Sorry :-/ cc:
Render slots keeps time separate per slot
oh gee lol
Reguardless of what these dance movies lead you to believe, dance battles do not make you hard. Lol
what do you do?
Parks & Rec FB profile just posted they got a full season 22-episode order. Makes sense for the syndication package.
Watching The Rugrats Movie with #we'recool
i really wish i could just stay home and watch while getting stuff done for school
I miss Rap City!!!
Thanks for the RT and compliment!
I kind of like that girl's voice - but LR is right - she is super shy.
These frozen lemonades from mcd's would be amazing with some vodka.....
lmao...sorry why?
And for you - Viel Spaß! Drink some green wine.
Prior Art. Tony Hayward -- The Man who Soiled the World. #bpcares (via )
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Top Dog
Lots of "choices" in 2012... BE CHOOSEY!!!
New business cards, they look great! ...but just changed my email to something easier to remember. Couldnt I have thought of that 1st?! Lol
do you know what the cost is?(:
Of all the girls tossing rocks at your window, I'll be the one waiting there even if it's cold. #np 
Bourbon street
it's unintentionally funny. but i guess it could be funnier if they replaced Rorshack with Horseshack.
excellent. but "fuck me" must be stated literally. my thoughts are with you -- may the next 24 hours glide by.
Yes! I agree completely.
Its PERFECT bowling weather Boston! Get down here and play a few strings with us.
Thanks for connecting!
go head and @ it at amfi to
that's the new cologne called: "Stanky Butt" lol
Suggestion from , every reporter and news org shld be on MuckRack.
chillin here in atlanta and ready for fall to kick in
Just had a great experience buying a router at Staples. I love it when employees actually care about serving customers, AND know stuff.
Having another interesting conversation about creating a learning marketplace to monetize content. Is this the holy grail?
speechless right ! Lol!
Considering the sign "best wings usa" at place called Quaker Steak and Lube. Somehow cars, tires, & racing fits with wings, at least in NC.
I want the free tickets! Do you have to be in Memphis to have a chance to win them?
That includes everyone I've said I'd name my first born after. Thank god I told Rory he'd have middle name
how you ben . .
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
text me so I can write this down
Let's so Nuggets! Sorry
Halo, halo, i'm not saying hi. Baby there's a ring above your head. (:
It's like 97 degrees in my house... I am sweating... :c
Space Telescope Science Inst NASA will dedicate on April 5th 2012 the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes.
When the person you really wanna talk to, never texts back....
celtics won. red sox won. ready for the bruins to win tomorrow.
Lopez with his first home run of the season. Tribe cuts the lead from the Sox in half in the bottom of the 9th.
It's time to make some moves, let's get it TOPFLIGHT!!!
Um i think i just saw pauly d at the pru
ahh man...the wrath of a 5 year old daughter will jack you up!! Good luck with that.. Haha
Those annoying girls who always try to flirt with guys who have girlfriends. Go away!
Tom Sawyer blasting on the radio, windows rolled down, driving to Homecoming. you know, living the American Dream
Oh , So NOW YOu Want Me too Call Youu Back . Ummpt , Ima See Bout It (;
# Team Beauty # Team Star # Team Babydoll # Team OMG ....
Yes! Let's catch up after the show. Keep an eye out for me.
obama takes the blame for not explaining HC more clearly, apparently the teleprompter wasn't working properly
Haaaaaaaaaaan i was wailing out lastnight
The guy next door aggravates my life !
Now washing
I just want to get away. From here. With you.
hope yuh can pik me as one of yur followers it been a dream of mine ily victoria yur the best 1
I'm on a Red Line train now. They said someone was down on the tracks.
It wasn't a good idea to sleep all day, I'm wide awake!
I wish I could have watched the rest, but my laptop broke again
Haven't cared to see halftime show in years (who is MIA?), but a #SuperAl halftime show, now that I would watch
#ElevatorMuzick is set to be released in #June.... dedicated to all the #Potheads across the world
Good to connect with you
just went to the MSG box office and got the LAST and ONLY ONE left ticket for MUSE March 5th! Wow, I'm so lucky- totally living on the edge!
Thanks for the add! See ya at the movies
TF I look like sharing you with somebody.
breaking jam news! An employee of the offending jam company was in front of me in the line to board the plane!
exactly so come home now!!! We need you in our lives !
Q5 going to expensive lib school got me the jobs i've had in libs
Th/fri this week 730pm at the edgemar i'm in scene bites, a night of short scenes! Come out and support us! Call or message me for info!
I actually work in a sweatshop... Hopefully I'm burning some calories in this bitch 😪
i love you , you love me ..
I scaled the individual reps as I just wanted to get a feel for it and had no idea what we were doing this week
Not being home for two weeks last month = $28 for my utilities. I should take of more often.
This morning,I replaced my people pleaser shirtwithmyGod pleaser shirt. The front read Come Fly with Me & the back read Destination Purpose
Martin & Osa in Perimeter Mall going out of business in July. Get 50 percent off in store and online now.
#2: How Many Dots Per Inch (dpi) need? The higher the dpi the better the scanner-the higher quality image. 600 dpi is good for most offices.
I am ALL FOR this: RT : LaMarcus Aldridge said he wants to open a Chik-Fil-A restaurant... "it's a big deal here."
The usefulness of the Citibank funded bike share system in NYC for swarming 99% protests will make the irony of the sponsorship delicious.
sign mee please
Got my #LOVEGLASSES on!
MIND FUCKED :O
off to tailgate with & !! what a fun day!
I'd imagine. Sounds like you're busy, but in a good way!
haha just enjoying one the few scoring outbursts the A's we'll have this season
I love pie!
my grandma over here playing bro I need to fckn finish my hair ... I look like a troll doll wit half its hair done
Great day today
That's to hide is belly, lol RT : I love how Cee-lo has incorporated a cat into his commentary
OH GOOD YOU AREN'T DEAD. got scared there.
Last minute decision to go home this weekend!
Of course I drive by as soon as xaverian gets out and I'm half asleep in my uniform
yeah, I am presenting so that pushed it over the edge. But will still try to gain $back in either knowledge or free stuff.
he ant get none last night so don't try to fight his bitch ass keep that job
Think you have style? DM us if you do and you could be featured in the next
have a safe trip back babe!
On the right track, Nikki! “: Thanks for the follow Jorge..I'm definitely trying to kick up my health this year..:)”
I laugh because I've known sadness. <3
Looking to add to your IT skill set? Check out the guides I've made available for download! (covering development, infrastructure, & databa…
I think he's done pretty well and he would be well on the bench.
Bonding with my brothaaaa love him😘😊❤
For the first time in my career, a thing I helped w/ launched to much expected customer ire, & I am sad that I helped.
I hate doing things for the last time, even if it is moving out of my dorm.
where shall we meet for lunch on saturday ? It'll be nice not being limited by work for a change!!
Oh crap, I better tell Buck I was just kidding about that bounty idea.
I'm really observant today. I just noticed this guy acts like his ex, and his ex acts like him...
Sadly, the TV alternatives are worse.
More excited than I should be that my test suite is starting to take more than a few seconds to complete.
So not going back n the basement
Man, I'm gonna add my little bit this summer, see how much I can help, & hope it makes a small difference.
Cant sleep
Hello Sun! Nice to see you... -_- I don't like pulling all nighters...
Come to Houston Again I missed you last time because of cheer<\3
MY 3OOTH FOLLOWER WILL GET A BIG SHOUTOUT SO COME ON FOLLOW ME U MIGHT BE THE LUCKY ONE!!
Nice!!! would love to have you out in the Falls for a tailored beatdown. MTHs at 6p
Always be there for your friends. you never know when they might not be there anymore<3
I woke up on the right side of bed today
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
LA Gonna Get The Win ..... Watch..
a wish come true
You can fuck off, you stupid cunt.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.-Benjamin Franklin
they have more than one though lol
Great meeting with you ladies as well!
hey hey! Share the wealth. ;-)
hey that reminds me. What's the name of that screen you put on my iPad? I tried to find the video but couldn't.
love it when a D in the class goes to an A!!
A2: I participate in more chats.......even ones at 6:00 am PDT
I believe he is--he crosses over to entertainment so recent #NBA, #TNT roles have minimal brand impact
Power went out while on the crapper, its dark and lonely, oh and smelly
that nigga leg look broke
D.Hightower come on home Steelers Nation welcomes you!
Pizza And a movie
Today @ 2pm EDT: Admin Karen Mills & Sec Ed hold a Twitter Q&A on #smallbiz opps & recent grads. Ask ? w/
I was offered TWO roles this week! Life is freakin awesome! :)
lets go
dude Dreamsnacks is a great band name
Cake cake cake cake
they are worse than just mentally ill. Mentally ill people usually have some sense they're not normal...these guys: no clue!
We are starting the panel with application #130098 - Kyle Herrington.
take ur lesbian love to ur own area ;)
o sry u were sick :( but I'm just hanging out with my friend Eric :)))
After watching Eastbound and Down last night on it's clear to me that the writers are trying to get the show canceled.
RT : I always say that Twitter is a Think Tank. When you bounce ideas off one another, you get to know people.
This blimpie sandwich >>>>
#hth2012 games theoretically enable learners to build / upon use facts, have agency in game settings
been looking fwd to May1, and David Ortiz to drop like a pair of Prom pants. whered that 400hundr avg go David? 0-4 May 1st.
So happy is using my favorite flowers on stage
Lots of claps for increasing science literacy in general, not just more scientists...
“Progressive authors want the technology to tell their stories with pictures, sounds, & video as readily as they can with writing. "- Digi
agreed. I was stunned when he came out.
Life's not easy, particularly given an economic recession. Yet when I stop & reflect it's evident there is far more more to be thankful! THX
New Records on the way
Hold your camera another way
only if someone is simultaneously screaming back.
Enjoying a day of technology and humanities and fun people at #thatcamp. Crowdsourcing up first!
going to school looking like shit because I don't care about any of the fucks in my school xo hate you all
She's okay :) She's at work right now- Until like, midnight. She got so happy when you wrote on her FB the other day :P
Wonderful work! Do you use digital media for your workshops?
#WhiteSox Peavy may not be so well after all. All Hail has broken loose, hit by a Storm of runs. He gone. I hope it's just a bad day.
being concern about starving citizens of our nation is "DC?" you're harsh man. Only god forgives.
Its ok
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks for the tweet. Good to have you on this morning!
with you. But stay focused, rather than bouncing from actual civil rights issues to things like loan forgiveness.
Whoever trended #BeliebersAreAllStupid , should go in a closet or something...smh
It was an odd illustration of the fact that human progress does not involve anything really new in kind, but only increased convenience and…
Ok ct you can marry me now <3
and might we add, she's totally awesome at it :)
DG alum Samuel Tadros speaking on #Egypt is being livetweeted by Great event... tune in!
Haha I love that shit, makes me laugh everytime.
Can you marry a Giant?
Check out my #Fiverr #Gig: send you 1200+ high quality custom website templates for $5 on
Monterey Ridge or Stone Ranch? Word on the street is they won't turn anyone away from MRES this year as in past
Lol , How When I'm Gonna Leave You && Get Trade.
What are you talking about? you just said that the result in the season is different from the playoffs which is wrong.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
I think I want John Virgo screaming "WHERE'S THE CUE BALL GOING?????" as a txt message alert.
I will never say never. I will fight till forever.♥
Looks like controversial House transportation bill (and my story) are both crumbling. New version said to restore transit to gas-tax funds.
DiRT's transformation into Bamboo DiRT is in process; will officially debut at DH Commons workshop, but sneak preview available
Sign 521 that you are old; you forget your sneaks for playing goal in roller street hockey & have to use dress shoes from the Reagan era
The Band Perry is stuck in my head *sings* If I die young
thanks, work for the Alchemist and Milwaukee Opera Theatre(?)
Gotta love that neapolitan ice cream
Time for some r&r. Remove & replace hard drive & reinstall winxp on a laptop!
lower space access costs- Step 2- Only use reuseable rockets and space vehicles
At this hot ass park waiting for !
Help me out I can't find a way to sign up for breaking news e-mails on your website?
Storms come and go, remember what God has brought you through in the middle of struggle.
#AlwaysClosing Faith without works is dead go get whats yours...
Steve-How awesome to swim with those big guys! Happy be-lated... KK Ryder
Xbox 720 is trying to ban the use of selling your used stuff. Why are books, DVDs resellable but not videogames? m.ign.com/articles/1217310
Is the past tense of tweet, twat?
dang it, forgot that I was signed on to this, when will I learn...
absolutely I just did, lol. That's great, you are involved in many of the same passions as I, I'm glad we met! Cheers! :-D
Hi professor I'm having some trouble finding your blog and the webpage to sign up for SmartBriefs for your Marketing course.
thanks so much - we may be older bug we are a lot of fun.
Planning an accessory exchange party for some girlfriends. It's a cross between shopping and trading. Very green!
The reason I'm not on twitter too much..I read the weirdest shit that makes me leave.
Heather Headly~I Wish I Wasn't.
If something is worth doing, it's worth doing poorly. The best way to learn is to learn from our mistakes!
There are far better things ahead than anything we have left behind. ❤
Great! Thanks!
Don't 4get LADY LACROSSE
I feel really nerdy because I'm getting excited about using QR codes.
hittin the books hard
I'm getting too old for this shit.
Right back atcha!
30 days until I turn in my last paper of the semester
Working on 2010 taxes. I kind of like it. Is that so wrong?
could I BE any more qualified for a fanatic? #friends & yes-If you're a complainer and you know it, whine some more
lol me too. Thanks for sharing that with me
Just watched a multibillionaire slide himself into a chauffeured Maybach so immense it would've made blush
Yes! That article is great (I say this as a Brooklynite who has witnessed all the above firsthand)
#BoyHoeLyrics hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my penis so suck it maybe
NBC&#39;s &#39;30 Rock&#39; goes live for a night with a funny episode that has plenty of life
Has Bounce!!!
ha idk why I'm just seeing this now. Lol lets get head tattoos!
Watching Thunder Over Louisville and noticed a UK fraternity brother, Penn Brown, assisting the coverage on behalf of the Air Force. Nice!
Shuddering at the conspiracy theories sure to come...
Little Weapons just had another successful team meeting! #excited for what's coming up!
Somehow found myself watching Taylor Swifting South Park on back to DC. Wapo meme queens & Need to see it
Playing the Sims game, lol. I need a life!!!
Woke up...god mighty
#YouShouldn't mess with someone elses feelings, just because you're unsure of your own,,.
You ain't called , texted ,or nothin ! !
take,me out of this SHIT!!!!!
I had to help a woman get her son out of one of the metal pillow holders today. Target is full of surprises.
LA VIDA ES UN CARNIVAL JUST CAME ON! AH, TODAY IS JUST MY DAY.:)
I really don't want to go to dance class right now...
Fight with everything you have, just to take that extra step forward, and show them what your made of! Real Shxt The Brave
Tell me when - it's being released in August. Finalizing cover, proofs etc. Hopefully someone will read the damn thing.
sorry so late but it's very good also doing stocks.
It was so nice to talk and meet with you. Hope you new endeavor goes over well!
OMG! What an epic thing to wake up to! Aha! Talk about "IN YO FACE!" And to think that it was ok to do it while you were in a relationship.
my pleasure. It's a great place to live w/ new stuff to discover all the time. I didn't even mention my fave b'fast places. :)
looking forward to my homie & I shooting the video next month! "money no problem, pocket full of that now"
Coming up next at #nasi2012: “Exploring Options to Strengthen #SocialSecurity” with Elaine Fultz (of ), Ken Buffin, & Meizhu Lui
#Lakers! Are #Losers more #classless acts. SMH
Good to hear, but how did the boy do? ;^)
You already know ^_^ ": Virgin tweet RT : I long dick her like...."
Nice to know I'm not the only one who thinks so! ;)
When a man loves a woman, periodically he needs to pull away before he can get closer
Dang girl. Why do u keep snakes in your pocket?
Absolutely. Same schtick. Six months from now I'm going to feel like ice cream (it's a given). let's organize a library social. :)
I know! -thought it was a comeback of 50s style 'fun music'- so disappointed:(
Oh. Well in that case I guess they're right about what?
Watchin my & loving my Fri ORANGE! :) the draft & Giants baseball, a girl's in heaven...
~ok cool. I'm good!
everyday it gets lighter nd lighter outside wen i wake up
Time for The Killing!
Making it happen.
love this thats a great outlook
Fuck the police
please go check out page 70-71 of the yearbook and see how much work I've done!
You should go straight to "He Loved Him Madly" on Get Up With It, and sink into the floor.
RT On gay marriage: 12,167 couples have spent $111 million in Massachusetts since legalization. Economic win. (Reuters)
“: Producers, its not ok to send your multitrack beat in mp3 format.” Too true. You tell 'em!
if I ever meet , I might just faint or just give him x and o's ;) muahh luv u twist#team twist
excellent, email me at javid -at- fanlaunch dot com and we can coordinate.
I love
Any damn fool can put on a deal, but it takes genius, faith and perseverance to create a
It cracks me up when the salesperson says they'd like to "align me with the appropriate resources" at their company.
Thanks guys! Website seems like you never have open dates in May. Blah… we really want to celebrate there :-)
hahaha :) my mom really needs to get off her butt and go get my phone! :( she wont take me tonight either
Getting a husband to switch his sleeping schedule over to night shift is what I imagine putting a 2 year old down for a nap is like
haha are you going?
Newt Gingrich and the Silent Majority
You are so lucky!! (: Wish to be on your place x
So I went to see my advisor yesterday, her name is passion
For a split-second I considered using Comic Sans. That was scary.
Planning a trip to #Vegas? Awesome! What's the occasion?
RT Taking ACA test demonstrates self confidence, commitment, initiative #saa09 / Professional involvement does that way more.
i knowww! wahh & I hate waking up early.. I'm gunna have a busy summer -__-
What you don't know is that I also have a hippo and a pig, but obviously they would get too cold and need to stay on my desk.
This is a huge sports weekend and the races top 'em all. GO MENARD!!!
>>>MLM News! Invado International( New Company Listing )
as I hate people who hate blacks discriminate completely! :(
when are you coming to Los Angeles? i want to see you guys play :)
Good thought!
Don't you be holding back you love <3
Forgetting to bring chapstick and your lips get really dry,
That's high school making me chase you around for months, have an affair act like an adult for once
Winfred Williams - Outstanding Contribution to reggae
there gaurd play looks PATHETIC, sloppy turnovers, pretending toplay defense, just ugly. no business in this game
Excellent. Thanks for the confirmation! :)
all my friends will hate me more than they already do cuz of my tweets on their timeline you could at least make it worthwhile
ICYMI: You can now start putting your leaves in the curb for pick up through Nov. 15. You can also bring them to Sweet Water for composting.
well lets look at the schools that are close by
Cereal for dinner 👍❤
Thanks good meeting you guys -
Austin #F1 Racetrack will be called #Circuit of the Americas!
Macys shore mall is having huge sales due to them closing for a bit for renovations... FYI :)
Looking for awesome antiques & found a #Pucci scarf in the process. A Pucci scarf for $5.
Happy national kurt cobain rememberance/f@&k you cody lamb day!
I love how the news says there won't be anymore rain and then it starts to pour.
I should let you know, I'm no slouch when it comes to fisticuffs. As DeLoss already knows.
Happy B-Day buddy, hope your having blast in New Jersey.. Best Wishes.. "JR"
#NP D'Angelo - Feel Like Making Love
And my Osh Kosh B'Gosh overalls match my He-Man lunch box.
Before I run far away, I need to take a holiday.
still, very cool! always nice to find fellow female-run businesses (we are two sisters, which is why i asked!)
Thank you! RT :
And now is here to hand out buttons & #CulturalCrawl Guides! People are pouring, so come get your childrens books now!
RT Will give that a try, if I can find it in USA -> Yali, Three Lagoons, Carménère, 2008
Hehe. You're going to give a big head..! Can't wait to see the whole video together.
cool. I go back aug 22 they come a week after. Maybe we can share lesson ideas. You are in Philly right?
Welcome to #Chicago !! Going to be an awesome season!
Aesthetica Film Fest is accepting entries!
proper "ruler to the back of the hand" technique has to come first
hate fony niggas just be real wit a bitch
I can't make that up. True Story. Google it.
yes...skull caps/knit caps right? RT : hey Mike yall got beenies in there?
We can't wait to unveil the Minerva lineup on Monday. Truly the biggest thing we've ever done. But for now, it's time for the
Finally home watching the PGA on tv. Maxing and relaxing
FUNNY MAN - Dave Chappelle spotted at the MSNBC WHCD after party, I knew i shouldve gone to that party,
What's up fellas. Glad to see you all.
In my feelings again!
you are one of my favorite actors. Im following you on twitter
I dont care how old the kid is, i love him.
ah yes. I understand. Probably see you tomorrow then.
yeah, that's pretty much the "other" field.
You made their Facebook page! You're officially internet famous!
peace brother!!!
I set the hammock up. Of course it's going to rain. *facepalm*
In times of uncertainty, you must press past the limits of how far you think you can go. You will see God & that He was there all along.
ya I do that in my other 99% of time :)
Prepping to shoot a fabulous infomercial tomorrow, people! Celebrity skin care line...can't say who yet, but will soon:)! Yay!
yes we need to hang out.
I want to fix the controversies in the #NBA (draft age), #NCAA (interest/one and done rule in bb), and #MLS (schedule/player development).
I am! I had a meeting with a student, sorry I missed you!
some lady all in my uncle face girl lol smh
If my twitter page unfollow one more person.... uuugghh ":(
Congrats! I get my birthday cupcake next week and am also having a hard time choosing a flavor from !!
So bitch you can update a status on #facebook but not reply to my simple text!
Attention #BeerMob: Be sure to join us at the #beer garden today. Don't miss your specials for Blue Moon Winter Abby and the Raven
mount kisco crushed and con Ed no help with no information. How can an organization operate like this?
books on a well known press looks good to the old guard of the academy
My day >
Yap “: No panties + a pussy piercing = A wet ass pussy”
Wow...thanks! Are you trying to butter me up for something? Cause it's working! :)
HEY WHORE. NOTHING. WHAT IT DO WIT YOU
Chillin on a street corner in the cold for the 5k...#why?
Hey it's BK, with March Baldness in full swing, what chick would still be hot with a bald head? I'll go with Sandra Bullock, and you?
Good luck with that - Once Remote, Goldman Sachs Puts on a Friendly Public Face:
I repeat - YOU oppose consumer choice, I support it. Go overpay all you want.
Wth When did they make a The Cookout 2????????
Beautiful and wonderful day to help people. Feeling generous today, thinking what can I do to help our world!
I'm literally singing the "She's a b*tch" song in my apartment...oh and I made a dance too :)
r.i.p. rich from lfo :(
Thanks for the RTs!
Those text messages you never delete. >
All I wanna do is forget you, but no matter how hard I try, I can't get you out of my head; you make my head and my heart collide.
We're trying--interleaving paper and isolating the mold, moving everything to a separate location. Ugh.
When you die, you probably will be held accountable for all the lies u told on #twitter and
a boy and a girl where talking bout a pool... boy: i have a small pool girl: i have a big one;) boy: that's what she said:O
Hey bachateros... I'm heading to the Dominican Republic next week. Would love some ideas on where to dance #bachata!
those do sound like awesome pants. And I liked your other tweets BTW
When you think mobile strategy in The DMV area who do you think of? Cc:
Unfollowed Dane Cook, Shia LeBeuf. Fuckers are entertainers. Entertain or be left behind.
That has been the case for 40 years (with the exception of 3 or 4 seasons).
Remember when Uncle Jesse's Greek relative died in Full House? Random thought. In other news Seinfeld commercial was of course great
Ah, the eternal chicken-or-egg problem.
and kicked major ass at tonight!
i retweet to show my shame
Thank u to Wayne for giving me the opportunity to attend a prestigious university and devoting 27 years of expertise to that institution
I already miss They need to come to the Chicago land area son :D Because WE LOVE YOU!
lol I love how you know exactly who I'm talking about :) #bestfriend♥
Don't Cry Your Heart Out[<3]
Man They Bullshitting Tonight it's over
the only rusher with more yards then little during his tenure was o.j. he is 7th all time and #s 1-6 are in the hall.
New Edition "Cool It Now" is the old skool jam
Do you mean to say that partisanship is the problem?
Refer someone to move into Colima Linda Apartment homes and receive $100.00..
sleepin' in all my classes, hollla.
These disrespectful ass gay youth!! U want respect then give it.. U want to b treated like n adult then act like one..
All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players.They have their exits and their entrances,And one man in his ti
YOU'RE WEIRD!
Dear Tim Burton, please keep making those addicting movies of yours! i don't know what a night would be without Sweeney Todd <3
Liquid Band-Aid is a dear, trusted friend in the dangerous world of cut and paste.
thanks! We'll see you when you get here!
Sweet Jeez Louise, my head is spinning. So many things moved forward today; next week is full of gorgeous blossoming potential. Grateful.
The birds that surround HEB are super scary!
to each its own
i can see through you c;
RT : Heads up to parents with a child on #autism spectrum: there is an #autismchat happening right now. Just search the hashtag.
O! Me!! Need to be back by 4pm, tho. Possible?
do u have some advice how to be beautiful as u are? Btw do ya have bff? <3
IM STILL GOING OUT LOL.
FROM THE MOTHERSHIP! Check his Spanish! RT : Yo!! Just WAIT for the next artist u gonna flip!
By random chance, three manuscripts that I've been looking forward to all arrived today. Convergence of literature 2012.
At a pho place! Yum! Spending the whole day with my sis at the mall and at Ulta! 😃😃
I'd like to do the rest of my work with a glass of wine, but it might not help my proofreading ability.
No #BEAUTIFUL :) and mine is here all the time haha
Best moment in TV: When Rachel failed her Niyada audition.
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do. -Dorothea Dix
#aurality Got my invite, did the download, first article exceeded the max allowed length. Maybe tell me u r going to shaft me in advance?
co-sign. : your personality is HUGE! Seriously, put it on a diet. xoxo
i take that back, likes big hairy cocks to sit on her face
Got so much to say,
The sun is hot
You happy Rick Santorum? Snooki is having a baby.
Live with Special Ed Attorney Bonnie Yates talking IEPs! call with questions 877.864.4869 listen live at www.toginet.com in 15 minutes!
yay for that - congrats!
VOTE ASHLYNN DUVAL FOR STUDENT COUNCIL TOMORROW IN YOUR ENGLISH CLASS !! RT THIS TWEET
So if tracking whats up in the US and Asian markets, take a peek at my book on trading the Bond and Futures Markets, big moves happening now
there is a need! MT: what websites wld you suggest as starting points for library types who know nothing of dh?
Today in 1925, Dr. Florence Rena Sabin was the first woman elected to National Academy of Science.
I never left! It was all a lie! I think I'm making some progress, actually.You seen my zombie news links?
We will have pics from our Editors at Wild Eagle media posting all day tomorrow. Stick around and see how well it flies!
Thanks you for voting Yes!
Chicago Is the place too be!
#Blazers clearing house. Wallace, Camby and likely Crawford will be GONE
- thank you Mr Fry for bringing eloquent sophisticated humour back into our homes.
We're sending out "break-a-leg" wishes to the cast and crew of COWBOYS, opening tonight in Crossville at Cumberland County Playhouse!
Happy 4th of July ppl! Just got out of church so now I gotta find an oultet to plug my fone up in cause it totaly died on me :-(
Nite of guitar playing tonite..much needed
Exactly.If an object goin that fast hits a building sorta at the top y would the entire building collapse?It had to be controlled
that was better I have to say, Im off to garden, have a great day!
D-wade is a bad mother fucker
Thinking about Halloween, in the past I grudgingly gave candy to adults w/o kids. Thinking I won't even offer candy this year.
Spa Wellness Week is March 19-25! Where will you be pampering yourself #SanDiego?
Cruising down the Atlantic for the week with stops at Harry Potter World & the Bahamas with
I absolutely cannot wait for 2012. So many ventures, so many ideas, so many opportunities. More details will be shared soon!
I just updated the www.spcarbon.com website with some hot new builds. Have a look at the 105 bike. Cheers!
whereas my Pac-Man Moleskine just said "awesome."
remember what I tweeted at u bro!
Watching Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to start off the weekend, oh yeah!
thanks for the reminder re winds and securing outdoor stuff!
you might as well come out this season and showcase your talent. Skies the limit G! Keep your eyes on the prize
What is your New Year's resolution? I hope it includes a wellness plan for you that you can maintain, whether it be diet or excercise.
wow I love fresh pineapple
“: I would if I had enough hair to let down! Lol” Ditto!
you got my support!
Check out the Mad Rollin' Dolls roller derby tonight at the Alliant Energy Center!
Waverly has BALLS. TAKE THAT VALLEY. TAKE THAT.
:) @ that Ronald McDonald House Super Bowl commercial. That was sweet!
well go look hell lol.. How come we never text bro??
the one i've heard the most is red hot chili peppers.
LOL copy my tweets much?
RT : How to get into a craft fair. 1. Follow directions 2. Clear concise statements 3. Beautiful photography -
Sounds like a good experience
thirteen weeks and counting <3
I need to be in bed! DANG!!
thanks for the photo. Makes and I so happy to see you having fun. Did your mom ever make you cookies?
Who needs a good clock cleaning? is your man. Wow! #Brewers #Astros #GamelSmash!
OH: "I am just a back end developer. Why do I need to care about UX?"
Just got off work studio time I'm going in
just watched your spreecast. you can drag audience questions and comments on screen too. DM me if you want me to show you how.
Spasibogt Stevengt gt gt gt The ticket of gt Copyright of Of codeWeavers of Incas :-)
uh yeah
I'm going to be live tweeting ON-AIR about 5 times over the next hour. Instead of freaking out about it - come watch and chat @ Zenlive.tv
On #GH Sam in going to lose Jason for sure because of her many lies and secrets. She has never learned to tell the truth!
Philip Glass and Peaceful Protest - Art is Life. ://www.therestisnoise.com/2011/12/the-satyagraha-protest.html
found free booze on my way over, thus didn't make it.
Tired but don't want to sleep yet....... But then I have work in the morning. Ugh 😒
Good morning twitter friends! This is the perfect weekend to bundle up and stay indoors-- tell us what you'll be reading for !
Vanessa Hudgens lunch date with boyfriend Austin (photos under ...
so lazy//obese.... how will i eer travel to new yor like this?
Here's the master. Follow for amazing collaborative book reading:
with Laura Carlo on playing ever note in Strauss' Don Juan: "When one falls down stairs, one doesn't land on every step!"
Kiss me , touch me, tease me please me
Congrats to 's Dan Matre, awarded the grand prize in 's Lubar School of Business, New Venture Business Plan competition!
I'd like to try new google wave.
nothing hanging with Aaron (:
Just got tackled by her lamp in the process of drawing a barn for someone on Draw Something.
simple explanation: a screen photo puts you with the artist.
Good Morning :)
What are you sad for! Divine timing is coming your way, just you wait.
Snazzy new site man. Plus quite a few things I hadn't seen before!
It don't matter what my frns sat you've been right here from the start
state property
awesome! You're a natural then :) I made this killer pizza the other night and topped it w home-made pesto w hemp seeds. So good.
no flipping yet but I'm thinking about it! Miss you!
I'm always a day late and $1.13 short.
nifty! Looking forward to it with hope (as to my own bit in Crossed Codes). What's your angle this year?
Have you had our Pintxo Moruno? Lamb skewers with Andalucian spice & Tunisian couscous. Wash it down with a Hillards Amber.
X7??": #RT4RT? I go first if you ask!"
With video: Thousands in Michigan strike out on their own with new solo businesses
Ha! Without needing to look, she's berthed on the Anacostia River in the Navy Yard!
good times!! We missed u at the game Jordan! Xo
I'll check it out as soon as I get to ta computer!
I eat mine plain
you're welcome!
what's up with error 403_2 in the mobile app? Can't log in at all now.
haha anyone would be interested in him
Yes, the day has come. This old man needs glasses...
from one person that's the most but all together, the most was $27
even worse when both of your exes start dating each other
I couldn't imagine having a wife and 3 kids and we take them to the movies and spend 80 fucking dollars each time.
This birthday is turning out better and better.
Tonight WE ARE YOUNG so lets set the world on fire! We can burn brighter than the sun!!
Insert #Latino & replace Port. w/ #California then read again... #economy via Lack Of Graduates Hampers Portugal's Recovery
About damn time it was friday!
seeking Account Executives for WMBX, WHFS, and WPBZ - CBS Radio West Palm Beach. if interested, message me.
Choose a side. Apples, chips, fruit and yogurt parfaits, or COOKIES! Which goes best with your #SUBWAY sub?
I know there's no changing your opinions
LOVE that one!!!
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.
handles and jumper could use some work, 6 '7 maybe an inch or 2 smaller than typical SF but it is tall enough to play it
Just watched my nephew get babtised
To all that we are following, please follow us thank you and God bless.
I haven't benn early to school in months ;o
Met today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb; great advice, simplified. Kudos 2 my fellow UMBC alum! blog: www.TheVictoryCircle.tk
I wish I knew what made a persons day SO shiddy they couldn't smile back..
oh my :/ I doubt they are.. I hope not anyway
I try to care about what you're saying. I really do, but I really don't care.
gold coasts finest
Ha ha HA, #Glee is getting moved to Thursdays where it will get killed. YAY YAY YAY.
Happy Early Birthday Wonderful :)
Why are matches still made in Heaven? You would think they would have started making lighters by now...
Our nation's government was created on the principals of great #compromise. I pray we can still achieve that
Another long day at LitFuse... hang in there team. The end is in site! We are almost ready to birth a new badass site. HAHAHAHA!
Germany, of course! Guess I should read to completion before posting. :-)
I don't have that. I'm so anxious and worried.
We love it too! And will also pass it along to our chefs. Thank you!
Don't tweet to me again. Not down with the sales stuff.
watching #keeping_up_with_the_kardashians on netflix and writing music, #good stuff
How 'bout you shut up and just let me bite on your neck awhile. Yeah, then I'm gonna leave you horny and wandering the night. I'm a bad guy.
UNFUCKING REAL...JJ vs AJ...A on turn...AGAIN! How bad do I run?
"Stay hungry. Stay foolish"- Steve Jobs
All at my college if they wish to have any courses. I teach in my field 1-2 times per year.
Getting ready to party with the parents...free beer!
Coffee brewed, drank a cup. Poured a second cup, drank half, realized original empty cup is still on the counter. Now I'm wondering...
Question: What do you think was the best movie of 2011?
waterfall. Check your texts. Please tell me in detail how to fall on the floor and die of laughter.
First thing I do wen I wake up I give my thanks to God Cause everyday I risk my feedom man this life is hard!
sorry in advance guys, but I sent Nan the first DVD
Great backcheck by Kunitz. The Pens play all 3 zones tremendously.
The new update for #GooglePlus on the iPhone is absolutely stunning. It's almost a shame no one actually uses Google+.
Just finished Monster by Frank Peretti :)
What is a vampire's favorite sport? Batminton.
Great Whovian shirt by on today! Get it for ONLY $10!
followed :) & fer sure.
u realize a lot of his fans are agreeing as well too.. They realize it too!
oh boy (pun intended)....
Happy Birthday ! :)
Back from Target. Time to open some Bowman.
Hooray for new partnerships! It's what being a citizen diplomat is all about
#thankful That I am Grateful everyday not just today!! Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!!! May your plate always be full!!
heyy alex can you follow me please :) ILoveYou
how bout this we just gne stop doing the passions thing unless we just need to laugh 1nite
OR, #1681: the foolish man builds aircastles
nun what about you
Forget who hurt you yesterday, but don't forget who loves you today.
definitely more of an art than a science.
still no share or tweet button for monthly #GreatRecovery article, just a link to site.
my music sounds better when i imagine you singing it
That's just not true. I can't listen to "Welcome to the Jungle" without thinking about your intro. XO
Heard they're gonna remake Multiplicity. Only one actor for that role: Poly Shore.
Good time to be a sports fan in LA; Kings 3-0 series lead, Lakers & Clips both playoff bound, Dodgers magic, Galaxy back on track.
Training new #jhilburn partners today n Washington, DC! U can b trained to. Join p/t or f/t, contact me for info
She is with Ethan, who is friends with my brother. And alright haha
What up w/LAUSD reducing credits 4 graduation frm 230 to180? Do we really care bout kids lrning or r we trying 2make politicians look good?
I see you!
We're here until 6pm today... Come on by and do a little blending!
Just landed for my flight. Haven't had a flight in awhile it feels good to fly again 😃
Hey Can you guys Please follow ? He is 2 away from his goal!!!! Please help him....
feeling a bit sad :(
on stage! Live concert starts at 2pm. “: Their performing on stage or just with the troupes ?”
Trying to think of a witty tweet but it's raining and I need to get on the subway!!!
So we'll be drinking beers next year at #GopherFootball games...beers purchased there not smuggled in.
Grateful for the app that allowed me to listen to the beginning of #LDSGenConf while I drove home!
Checkin on attending Agenda in September. Looks like the coolest show. Plus its another reason to head down to SoCal,my old home, 4 summer.
No! Do you want me to meet you at South Station later with a hat?
Thanks so much for the follow I can image your tweets will come in handy when I get my #vitamix up and running.
RT : Feel like the world with everybody's problems is on my shoulders
Press gagged at 'new media' seminar - National Business Review
man!!! Good looking bruh!!!! God be the glory for this day
& every guy thinks they're bobby badass haha
"Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't." Jerry Rice
I want to sleep with Luly.
Hope our background vocals are right. lol
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible – David Ogilvy.
thank you ;)
This food need to hurry up
Noting mi just a Learn tweeter so mi start. Wit u lol
I am indeed! Since Jan. of 2010!
Watching the first new Sherlock and I'm most impressed by the outfit that put Alan Cummings in. She's a genius, y'all.
Ever heard of Ecotrust? For every letter ordered, we now donate to them to help our local ecosystems. Cool, huh?
I lost you at last night! It was a mad house in there
i love you
No! DM your mailing address. We can fix this. RT : I haven't been able to afford in weeks. Worst ever.
Damn I'm ready to get out of this office!
like a page. It's way too long. :/
Thats why the Jags are the Jags lol..
I think it's genius. It helps that Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun are pals.
one more...officially it's a 'sound garden' with make&take musical things/folk art. with yarnbombing. u can change the space!
hahaha idk if I'd fit in! :-P
It's been one amazing year with Happy Anniversary!
Liquidators is looking to fill a few for new #sales positions! Come in & fill out an application!
PS. Where were you last night? I wore my assless chaps and you didn't even show.
Happy Birthday Mister Rogers. You are sorely missed.
John just turned into ben
thanks for the follow. Keep us in mind for all your events around town.
Ah I have an important appointment to get to. BBL #MayTheFourthBeWithYou :)
happy new year everyone :)
Thank god I voted 17 times! RT Made it to third round by 16 votes!? In top four now. Semi-finals!!
Here and now ..I promise to love faithfully..your love is all I need..
RT : Can we hope for a (limited) BMM to BPMN to BPEL translation that works?
We were not able to take anything off the price of oil (to speak of), but the market manipulators were not able to bring the DOW back up.
anywho. . . .bye twitter.
Hang in there!!
Made it to my bed before midnight, but still awake on the dawn of my 32nd birthday. At least I get to sleep in my own bed tonight!
successfully busted my behind three times today..1st time i bruised/cut my knee, 2nd time gashed my foot, and 3rd time scraped my butt :(
tweet me a pic of Rachel and Boots!!!!
It's funny how these kids think that the back of the school by the football field is lovers lane. Yeah right.. #GETTOCLASS!!
too bad we're gunna miss you tonight!
Do you know when you're going to do livestreams again?
Game of Thrones Season 2 starts tonight.. :P~
I love my followers Dont Forget that guys:))
#ImThatPersonWho cares about others not just Myself
Im not watching that shit. Are you kidding me? Waste my day like that? SMH
follow me, please <3
Thanks for the follow Phil!
Oh how have I missed this fantastic store!
what's up..how are you?
We have a special surprise for you coming tomorrow. Stay tuned! ;)
I've never been there! Sounds like a blast though! Oh no! What happened to it?? :(
put your hands up... cause it's a stand up... and I won't be leavin' 'til I've finished stealin' every piece of your heart... <3
Noon on Saturday would be a terrible time for a tornado.
today's the day! our holiday show with starts at 7:30 at the nampa civic center! bring canned food or new toys for donations!
pressure's on ;)
how did that happen?
The future is about non-invasive brain machine interface.
Lol. Watch, in a few weeks, some "other club" will have a tweet off. Let haters and replicators be your motivators!
Busy weekend of birthday celebrating amidst stints of work and quality time with my kiddos.
"When you were under-21, didn't music kinda save your fucking life?" -Ian MacKaye @ #webwise. Save all ages venues!
Pacific 2B baseball: Naselle 9, North Beach 4. Naselle wins Pacific 2B League title and will be league’s top seed into district on Monday.
Tried to make home-made pizza... but I'm not sure if what's in the oven right now has a name.
tried calling num on your FB page, went to fax. Can we chat for writeups on Zagat/Drink Philly? Good email address?
Having troubles with Drupal. Too hard to use.
longs for a more temperate climate. Is that too much to ask?
The Economics of Peace: Give what you have to keep it. :)
I wish you and her the best. RT It's not only me--it's my 69 year old grandmother as well.
representin for the gangstas all across the world ... Houston's with Granny
Have you ever hated someone so much but it just turned out it was you along you hated
Love y'all too! 
why is what lol
Just took my sponge bob vitamin
LOVE McCormick and Schmick's Happy Hour. Only $2.95 for a 1/2 lb burger with fries. Way better than McD's and cheaper!
#500 tweet S/O to everyone following.
A return to Denver area in May with a much bigger little boy. and hide the valuables if we stop by.
🍴Lunch at Razzi's with family..
96☀ This is ridiculous!
Heat game and jersey shore! This night can't get any better <3
*Smiles, and laughs.*
no, you can't buy a gold ticket unless your city is gold!
my fav was always, If Olivia Newton married Burt Hooten... My grandma used to tell me that one, and I'd crack up, everytime!
is that austin corini?
I see all white people with beards dressing up as confederate soldiers downtown now
Hoorah, impromptu parallel parking lesson from
Putting "LOL" at the end of an insulting text doesn't make you less of an asshole.
I think I see in 1988.. Great tradition at DSU! Congrats on the new job & best of luck in the coming years!
Front office doesn't want a full rebuild. Ya, Shuttlesworth would be interesting!
tomorrow = big day. that is all.
Nice! Hope you had a great trip! -- we're going to try getting cooking dinners together every few weeks.
you all better not get out early when i already worked an extra hour to get out early!!! grr...
marvelous first day at SINGERS FORUM! great space, accomplished much!
just realized that the title link in google ebookstore is BY FAR the best way to find volumes in a series.
RT : IKM Graduate Architects participating in Design/Build Day at Carpenters' Training Center Open House today. Link and photos soon!
Off to the #RolexKentucky for CrossCountry! One day I'll be in it, you just watch!
or framed, or does what they did have some larger purpose, there is always a grand scheme, and sacrifices have to be made.
no noo noo, CARAH wants to pound on your muffin I just wanted you to cool your muffins
she looks like sex sex sex sex.
<3 to You!! Have a lovely day!!
Knol but when you go to you tube you can gett JUICED UP an have you own party with Meech Dogg Juiced UP.
Oh to be prince caspian afloat upon the waves
GPS Conference time!(:
Our Talent show is coming up CSHS. What's your talent?
jealous of the beer cracking. What is your flavor of the day?
Just opened draw something on accident. I'd like to publicly apologize to the 16 people waiting on me...I've led you on. Sorry. Bye.
Thanks so much. It's all very exciting but also stressful and time consuming. Not enough hours in the day!1
RISE of the REAL AMERICAN ARTISTS
Yes Carl's cell. Hundreds of call already. His VM is jammed, text messages, etc. has details. Not cool
Do what you have to do.
Yay! sparkles for everyone!
Outside on patio. Today 71. Tomorrow 50. Ohio sucks.
Going to hoop...screw homework!!
um.. ok. walking dead later on tonite!
Checked semester grades and I understand an 89.31% in one class won't round up but getting an 89.91% as a B?!?
Seems like I'm always trying to feel a void, especially since my daddy passed away in 2009 :(
for sure. wonder if the barriers they see are cultural/identity or technological/integration.
You might like Hollywood, CA. That's fine, but I Hollywont be caught dead there.
If only there were petabyte external hard drives. Maybe they don't make 'em yet. Oh well...
We do not have time for this kind of silliness.
Kincks have shot 29% in the 23 mins J Harrelson has played in this series.
Billionaire tax cuts doled out by the decade. Working class cuts, tweaked week by week. Your 21st century GOP, hard at work!
With the Denver Broncos fifth pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, Denver selects Center Philip Blake, Baylor.
Now is the time to get your Christmas guitar strap orders in. Contact us with an idea for your loved one's dream strap.
The awkward moment when the only thing you know on your test is the date and your name."
Northwest to buy Bank of America branches
Pride and unity awards was a success, I'm so proud of my senior classmates, but this is not the end its only the beginning 😁🎈🎈🎓
Laying on the couch and snuggling on the couch with my kittycat watching familyguy meow!
thank you hope to meet you one day too.
I do not think I would taste good on ice cream
Work, work, sleep...
What bugs me: it's always the super expensive hotels that charge for Internet. It's like, am I not paying you enough already?
I dont like the fact we had to settle for a field goal but at least my fantasy team is doing allright
Smoke is now smoking'. Looking for good #NASCAR finishes for #14 and #11 tonight in
I think it might be time for a little Vesta Williams.
Love your work!
RT : So the Saddledome has new beer taps that fill the cup from the bottom.
Oh and thank you to my amazing daddy for going to get me an iTunes card in the rain so I could buy this book (:
yea yea yea.. Whatever nigga.. #Gooftroop ass
I always fall asleep when I'm in the middle of texting a person back haha
national gay day ;)
Bean is my boy if you didn't know #Lakers Got home just in time to see him go off but, looks like it won't be enough tonight.
you know that's right!
how long have you had this account and why didn't I know about it?!
What city are you going to be at in late june?
If happy ever after did exist ....
no, you're sending death threats. stop that.
Pom Wonderful Presents the Best Movie Ever Sold is hilarious....LOVED it.
Thanks for the retweets! The more applications for #OutrageousBiz the better.
u guys snugglin?? Me too...I love my boy, hope u guyz are cuddlin good too
Brewers win! Brewers Win! On a suicide squeeze!
Theodore Sturgeon, Mary Minow, Salmon P. Chase, (Captain Christopher Pike, Kilgore Trout): interesting people with fish names
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Just made some Peruvian food (Lomo Saltado).. yummy!
Home sweet home . . .
Gotta love him! Slides are fun!!
List what you love about an #HBCU Classic like our #FreshCoastClassic in #Milwaukee. We'll start....we love the fans like YOU!!
I forgot Tennessee been there a few times guess I was in LA and Texas and Ga when I was itty bitty do not recall
For every exciting punt return, there's 5 plays where he makes a stupid mistake or dogs it.
they a brunch fake werrios any way!! Over in young money! Lol
wondering how seriously I should take my job as DC citizen/observer of the historic this weekend.
Come help steam up with some SALSA for the final Fitness by the Fountain of the season. Monday 10/25 6:30-7:30p. OLE!!
Good morning, #PLA12! Join us at Booth 818 for OverDrive Theater Presentations; you could win an MP3 player... Schedule:...
I can't reply to your DM bc you're not following me.
nigga I will lol! throw them stones if you think I'm lying
Observation: Just because you've been working on crafts for the past 11 months, doesn't mean anyone wants them for a Christmas gift.
I enjoyed you're blog, Annie. My house is getting smaller, but it's hard to let go of memories that certain things give us.
By Carter Maness It's no secret that weed is a huge part of Wiz Khalifa's life, brand and music, but lately it seems to
just dont breath on the candles
due to all the bs in my life, I will be going to disneyland on tuesday. :)
Aww, thx much! :) RT : Lovely 2 see ur face shining from my inbox tonight. is lucky 2 have u!
We killed it last night and Jenfek had the only mosh going of the night..it was a great show with really awesome bands
. Your so disrespectful , Thats Bryant's family weather you like them or not you should treat them with respect ,
There is most def a nice chill over the Northeast, hopefully fresh snow follows
jalons fatass just sat on my chair with with his legss between me
Hope you didn't miss out on Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Wiz Khalifa and hologram Tupac at Coachella. They put on a show!
#CONNECTsocialmedia this Thursday for some new training, staying ahead of the marketplace.
Hi! So glad u liked it & thnx 4 ur comment. Ur a brave soul 4 asking me 2talk abt Kafka. Once I start, it's hard 2 get me 2stop!
We should be makin love, instead of breakin up..
City Room: Several Killed as S.U.V. Plunges Near the Bronx Zoo Seven people were killed after a Honda Pilot went over a guardrail on the
How can that description be real?
the OEA show is tonight at Louis Bar in Benson!!!!!!!!!!!8:30
that's so unfortunate...
I dress up every day for all the different varieties of tools at my school. I just care so much about what they think of me.
Did you see him in dublin too.
Giving a #GIS tour of #FDNY to Firefighters from Topeka, KS and Harrisburg, PA this afternoon.
Day 62 of 100: I am thankful for seeing opportunities outside of my box - and also for my mentors and friends who keep me grounded
I RT'd your story! :)
Gonna go ahead and knock out this arm and ab circuit after I feed the little one
I just don't feel incredible.
Went for a swashbuckling adventure of asskickery on Mars screening of John Carter. It's a movie made by nerds, for nerds.
that's why I don't like repeaters along with giving .....
Awesome. I'm going to hold you to that.
Great time at #THATCamp today! Lots of great ideas, resources, projects and people!
that moment when you get whacked in the thigh because someone doing pirouettes don't know how to hold their place
Come back! Oct 14-16th! tix go on sale in July
I addicted to Strawberry Philadelphia cream cheese .
I went to take the high skool test
Good to see what it takes to bring you back to twitter...
I wish I had an identical twin.
dont make come up to Maryland and beat that ass
#kidding I'll be pulling for bama over lsu anyway
Another 80 degree day in Boston! Come cool off with one of our summer cocktails!
It's about time Jay Cutler got some pocket presence
Going to be another #epic weekend
And now sirens.
Almost time to #putitdown with them iTunes sales #TwoEleven for
I changed my twitter handle. It seems to cover me a little better than just the blog.
Just want a cold bud light and a bonfire
I AM A PROFESSIONAL...PROFESSIONAL!
"bravo! Bravo! Well done!"
hanging out in HUB 302 at the gov & np fair...hope to see you there!
So I'm all lost n idk what I want well I kinda do but oh well today was super sad day rip tio well all love and miss u! <3
#4FamousWords by Politicians: Money doesn't influence me.
The internet is immediate. I hate reading news feeds from people that are DAYS old - ATsocialplaza
Cant believe it's February already. Time flys by fast.
4 million users and 5 thousand corporations can attest to one thing: #CST works!
I always go to bed late and regret it in the morning.
Playing Djembe for w/ UnderGround Horns @ Grand Central.
Pres. Obama said, "elections have consequences" during the health care debate Is this note the same
But... women do have cooties. That's what we learned in third grade...!
Time To PUSH.....BYE FB
Tuesdays With Morrie is actually good. <3
Great UDL class with and fun activities so far!
RT : Alan Heathcock and Anthony Doerr discuss their "Top 10" favorite short stories on The Writers' Block, KRXB 89.9 FM....
Omg , we almost got in a accident.
i mean, you weren't even there!
THIS GIRL IS PRETTY AWESOME!!
"There is a very fine line between love and nausea"
..still don't UNDERSTAND me? Wait, let's wrap our heads around this for just a bloody moment..an Athiest, you..became OBSSESSED with a girl,
I know right ! Have you even had a chance to recover at all this week ?
Omg so many girls r after u!!!
exercise does it for me too. i just need to remember to keep a pen close to the treadmill bc thoughts go away as fast as they come
😳RT : Need Some new nipple rings
no! You go to bed. :p
#ICantStandPeople who wear crocks.
Brockton Reds, Bens Dream White Sox, Middlesex Brewers & South Shore Cardinals advance to #cooperstownclassic playoffs on Sunday.
tea party kicked off shortly after this time period
The metro can be a little creepy at night..especially when your sitting next to a person that is talking to themselves
you got... Ordinary Girl by Miley Cyrus :D
My friend's evil plan to get me watching #GreysAnatomy again didn't work. I'm not watching it again. Don't care about the characters anymore
Lol, Here's to the night...
love it! Serenity now!!!'
I hope that World Peace learn something when he was on suspension,
No comment
"Milania's a terrorist." gets me everytime
Unicorns, like Blockbuster, only get wounded when no one believes in them.
no f carter and Stefan for their comments
lol if yu want to..and I got king at da crib wit me
same to you!
Try something different on your burger for lunch today! Our Ginger Soy sauce is exactly what you need!
One of those days. In dire need of wrestling practice. Those 2 hrs with my boys can't be given a price tag.
its the classic battle of the ying yang or yin yang or black and white circle howev its spelled
Bet I make your back hurt
How can you be a sidekick? You are Robo-Debbie!
'70 Years of Archie Comics' a retrospective, includes over 40 pieces of original artwork & will run at The Cartoon Museum July 16 thru Dec 4
At first I didn't think Sleepy Hollow was a real place either.
actually that is true to start crying when ur angry, it's a way of letting the anger out instead of violence.
YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT BRY SIT DOWN. 👊
Take note, ! ;) RT CODE BLACK WHITE GRAY!
pants are recommended > RT : can't wait for NYE ! I hope everyone has their party pants on :)
Got tickets to see in August with and ! I get to meet my.husband, (; Haha. #BTR<3
stranded at school in the rain during a LAX game
Well, flipping around during commercials I got to see Minnesota and BC score.
Picked up hybrid Zipcar Colbert (good omen?) in Milwaukee, on the open road!
What crawled up your ass and died ?
I don't know yet.(:
he's definitely not as manly as U R Homie!
Did you know they're giving handicapped stickers to big gross blobboes now? It's true!
I told a customer buyin a phone & returnin cuz u don't need it, is like God creatin u and then takin u off the earth cuz he don't need u! 😂
I'm traveling. What's the topic n what time?
hit them in the leg and be like DO YOU MIND?
check ! love your lippie color. ;-) looks like Mac's "Girl about town " :-p
she can't have stuff like that cause she is allergic
your welcome :)
The 2010 Navigator's standard feature list is generous
ABP is a great place to do business. We can handle your copier, printer and document needs. Give us a ring. 303-778-0600
RESILIANT!!! There REALLY are multiple reasons why this is my favorite word this week. Thank God I'm resiliant!!! #whatdoesn'tkillme ~Peace
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
ima dance better then cb forever....lets argue
Finals today:(
what??? and tell me if u like my tumblrlll
Hey guys we're going to have a show on Tuesday at Arlene's grocery on the lower east side at eight hope u guys can make it. #Riley 😏
Why is this guy here??? He doesn't even go here!
"He was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities; upon him the chastisement that made us whole, and with his strip…
Hey, wondering if you could shoot the / show 1-21-12 at
I will, as soon as he stops telling me his incredibly interesting sneaker stories haha.
sir, nobody wants to hear about your wife's vagina. Not even the government.
I think exams start tomorrow... I don't even know which exam it is!!
I'm ordering them later
The Magnetic Fields - A Chicken With It's Head Cut Off
Who's ready for our big update tomorrow?
Got into some Curtis mayfield and EWF. Now I'll never get to sleep
Tomorrow cover maybe?
You are not. But hope tomorrow is better. Maybe will send you an orchid...
Thnx Amy! RT :#ff If you enjoy crime fiction and
we love he turns the AC on when it gets hot
Come to Mexico with
And now DUKE? wtheck is in the water?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen a cop catches you during
Stay tuned for special events coming up with Buffalo Wild Wings, Flying Pie Pizzeria and Caro Amico Italian Cafe.
Today #MusicTimline recorded song. Are you ready for the first episode of "Making off #MusicTimline? Online soon..
Breaking the ice, so to speak. RT #ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate - I need you to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
enjoy it Kim, I'm sure its as beautiful as you. Blessings
Stay tuned to our weekly video update!
: I was just randomly scrollin down and saw what u said about Snooki and Justin Beiber and DIED laughing! Thank you for that
RT I'm going to play music and unpack here at mom's house and yeah...
Wave on wave
Running a Linux distro upgrade over SSH. I'm an idiot. But an idiot who's working from home today, so there.
Fuck me two way to Sunday...
Targeting south park's towlie in late rounds rt : Martin Mayhew says Lions won't shy away from players who used marijuana
If you're a male & checked any of the traits I listed below you're a puss
hope this starts becoming the norm
: The awkward moment when. the teacher asks you a question and you dont know the answer and you end up in an awkward staring competition.”
Every vote is important. Please take a few minutes today to encourage your friends and family to vote tomorrow.
Working on an England lead. I love England leads since I lived there for a year.
So who won the Colorado caucus? #CNNElections #cocaucus #
was she murdered?! Older people always tell me I look like her but still have never googled!
Cant wait for tomorrow.
Why don't people cover their mouths when they sneeze??!!! Gross
Friend: Do you have a boyfriend? Me: Yes. Friend: I want to meet him! Me: Me too. Friend: You're talking about Austin Mah- Me: Yep!
Show Saturday is gonna be great!!
extra 20% off on sale items online at White+Warren
Compare the classroom culture of Finland and Korea vs. America;Note the self-discipline and self-engagement-no "cool" factor needed
haven't seen that one. What is it?
More #awesome for today: RT : LIVE JAZZ on the patio today 1pm-4pm! Try our "Hang Over Helper" Special, Medium Pho + Drink for $10
Rico Over There Playinq Games !
#10factsaboutme I like ketchup but I hate sliced tomatoes.
tell me when u post the stuff :D
note to self: if you don't want to hear people say "I don't know if you can hit your goal," don't bother asking them in the first place.
My Magic better not disappoint me on Friday when i go to this game o_O
I sang super well even tho I had a cold. No awards though. Oh well! Onto the next thing.
For many of us of my vintage, Donna Summer was our first quasi-lover. RIP Donna. You will never be forgotten
"the strep" is really bad today. You're totally missing out.
Love a night of hanging w/ the bros and listening to some good classic/new age rock. I'll take AC/DC and The Who over today's music anyday
Anyone have a link to a tool to check that flash banners are compliant with Adwords policies?
"a nonvintage tawny port that reminded me of long-abandoned Halloween candy, with hints of Skittles and off-brand caramels"
SkyBitz, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Telular Corp. (WRLS), Further Strengthens Market Leadership with New Iridium-Based Global M2M Solution
RT if you've ever been to a concert
are you okay?
A child sings before it speaks, dances almost before it walks. Music is in our hearts from the beginning. ~ Pamela Brown
Okay, so my tattoo needs to stop peeling. -___-
What's good on this beautiful Friday?
GIRLS ARE SO STUPID................i dont even want to go to the hotel just to spare myself from anger
you hoopin tonight
I got a full dose of mindless entertainment! Baskeball wives or just VHI period! Don't judge me!
Awesome news! Welcome to the family! You're going to love it here...just wait
the pact that you hate me .
HAHAHAHAHA YOU DID IT! :)
Don't miss screen printing..you can have it all w/CAPS Int. equip. Purposely made it affordable for all.
Tonight's episode of #MadMen was #Pryceless !
This was his chance to announce his presence with authority. Swing and a miss, Bud Lite.
Odds of making a million dollars yourself: 1 in 106. Odds of making a billion: 1 in 780,000. I guess hard work does pay off!
Same here. Same here.
new piercing this weekend i think so.
is developing a product launch plan for client who wants to reach customers in more than 13 countries!
I don't think so, because they are led by individuals, not the library. I know that Reynoldsburg branch has one.
hey hey buddy sisi~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
may we dance with your dates!
White Sox are playing some ball! Hope we can keep up the pitching
thanks foe including us!
#3WordsForYou it gets better.
I swear, that dude would legally marry a hot pink fixie if he could.
"Safe to drop"
Me: I've got this horrible headache all of a sudden. Engineer: Is the barometric pressure changing? He fixes things and is hilarious!
dont forget to add to that list :)
You are such a strong and brave girl! Very sorry for your loss and yes we are all behind you.
If the game proceeds today. Matt Kemp will sit out due to a tight left hamstring. He will still be up for a pinch hit later in the game.
“: #FF - she just did a Celtics story w/ NO HIGHLIGHTS." // Ha ha thanks! Glad to help! :-)
People change when they get some new ish and dunno how to act but what goes around comes around
My boyfriend just said my boobs are too small to work at hooters :(
Yeah Jose (:
I&#39;d love to be a dermatologist: Aniston
He really is....they just started being buddies since the other dog left. Other dog was overexuberant for kitty.
because i bet it would
i see what you did there :)
Been spendin' all my life livin' in the hipsters paradise... -_- My dad loves that place. He thinks it's #Coolio. =)
The games are at 4:30 meaning I can't take my nap 😭
Thanks, Nancy! Glad you like them!
#Blackparentsquotes , go get me my belt, and if it's a small one you'll get double the ass whooping.
My thoughts are with you, Elizabeth Edwards, rest in peace. I'll treasure the day I saw you speak at UNC.
Limited time - Free advertising for Twitter followers at HRResourcePortal.Com. A direct message is all it takes.
I've got you just the way I like you: soy addicted
Yep! RT A2. My "me" time starts to consist of Comedy Central marathons instead of creativity and relaxation.
Cheer up, buttercup. #SmokeAboutIt :)
Great find!
haha no way !
simply writing samples and maybe a resume. i think a passion for golf and an ability to write with wit helps!
Well, you've got me there buddy. Well played.
true... I will think about it..cause I really dont wanna be here today.
Please let baylor and stanford play this is not quality bball
Prom in 2 days
You'll never catch me in a work branded polo, pleated khakis and white reeboks.
SB 1581 is up tomorrow in the Senate, supposedly. Has guns-on-campus on it as a rider. Call your rep, please: "guns not germane on SB 1581."
Hunger Games tonight soo excited
That akaward moment when your left out of everything -___-
Hi Jane - safe flight in! , Kimberly We're working on place and will tweet in a bit. See you!
At #NSA11 excited to be delivering MiniBüks for
#Pinterest rolled out new profile pages, but mine isn't updated yet. Who has the new profile? What do you think? -Kerri
heres something to do: follow me (;
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 7
nice work!!
Since it`s golf tips night w/ Luke, how do you hit a draw?
Student Senarios on the main stage...
More women than men die from a broken heart. And yes, you CAN die from a broken heart.
Merry Christmas to all..Hopes everyone has a great christmas
Heavy rain and next to zero visability from fog at Newark/Liberty. This looks promising.
Chip Khan, CEO of is doing demo of new software solution Tue. 5/8 11:15 am ...Tweet to meetup
very this account
Do you use Gaylord's in your process? FIBC'S? We maintain a large primary and secondary market for both
Love that song. :)
I am at #SxSW, I'll DM you my whereabouts and we can connect when it is convenient.
Punt coverage in 4th qtr of ps game? #hedeservesmore RT : That hit last night on Pats RB Danny Woodhead was...beyond brutal.
May not have titles but #B1G is tied with the ACC for most Final Four teams since 2000
made a humble offering of 20 today. the big one is in four days.
def! Just easier to do twitter pics from phone, fbook updates will come post-con
My dog, Colby, from Alabama, loves miller lite
#NiceHorrorFilms •Remembering My Ex•
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  26
"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you." Ralph Waldo Emerson
its so cool our favorite label follows us as well as one of our favorite bands shoutout to those guys
Missing my mom already :(
he should really really follow us ! It's not fair :(
So excited to celebrate 2night w/40 high school graduates who overcame the odds! 54% of kids in foster care ever graduate from high school.
would it make sense for some of the 1.0 crowd to first move to 1.5 since there's a path for that and then move to 1.7?
Haha, I decided to stream the brew. Don't care if it is behind the tv feed.
I'm done
True power will always be spiritual power.
who wanna skype .. I dont use it that much .. soo who wanna get on with me ??
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool we should pull a prank on one of the teachers!
you gon learn today!
stomach ache....not used to it!!!
I just saw a Yahoo artice (yes I know they ae terrible) on hockey player injuries. Good heavens these guys are warriors! I love hockey!
Well then perhaps the issue is the limits. Rendering crashes chrome
#IWantYouTo see me
Because people were to distracted by the Nate Dogg hologram. One small step for man...
at least the caps suck as much as the flyers
Judge admits ad is "unhelpful" and could "potentially hurt case." Judge says he is not ready to make decision on gag order (VIA )
Un treno presto sto andando a Roma. Buon giorno. Early train to Rome. Sounds like a country song.
Love walking by Sophia's Heart on my way to the gym and hearing them practice. Great tenant at the !
Officially booked every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from September 2010 until the end of January 2011!
............because there's a case going on. Daniel can't leave, so they can't be snowbirds, either, huh
#nweafusion Keynote speaker Anne Udall's closing comment Every child is a story.
oh my god. jc follows me on keek. ;D
See y'all in 12 hours!
So pack your bags real good baby, because you'll be gone for awhile
DIANA, what time are you going to be @ school?
Any chance there will ever be an NBA team in Louisville?
foreal? Are those both your kids?
"A pen is mightier then a sword as a sword may only take life while a pen can change the world."
Leaving the mountains:(
miss those #mealmoney days.
Wow today was my last Friday as a freshman....dang this year went by fast!
My great uncle, unaware of the movie, would joke about people having something that "runs after the family" as opposed to in.
NO Jon.
you're right that the original cause of the riots has gotten lost in the news coverage. honestly i think you (1/2)
How they escaped this debacle I have no idea. RT : #mahoney RT : At least Bleacher Report's integrity is still intact
Friend was telling me about the cast of Wes Anderson's new movie last night and basically named everyone BUT TILDA SWINTON.
Yup that crap bothers me.
jus for her
live from studio124, we're prepping for a substantial read tomorrow, we will get to the promise land...rs1
THIS IS U13 SOCCER NOT THE WORLD CUP EVERYONE NEEDS TO RELAX
"Web marketing is about delivering useful content at just the precise moment that a buyer needs it" -David Meerman Scott
i know it's not gonna happen, but that's what i would want, cause he has been worthless. Quiz is much better
heading to class. Yourself?
#nyapd #artsed #artsed good arts educator pd should include community reflection and be a shared think tank
: I'm certain that u receive a great deal of fan mail; nevertheless, I want to confess my sincerest admiration for ur work.
Shall it be margaritas, sangria, or beer? I'm hoping Sangria. It's possible we steal a pitcher and make in room.
Chloe is my favorite little dance mom girl. Haha. (:
look at the tweet I replied too
a puppy dies every time a woman goes out in public wearing jeans with no back pockets
its going good(:
Thanks to everyone who voted for us in the contest for Edgefest! Voting ended yesterday. We find out Monday!
Scotland education has shifted from knowledge to skills and knowledge
"H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?" "Nothing much...About to throw a dictionary at your damn face."
Why is America so offended by a talented woman artist? I don't remember ppl being so offended w Springstein or Jagger's age.
Is Jillette still rocking the ponytail?
LOL...you're DUMB!!
The moment when you're laying down and you're wondering what it would be like to be Austin Mahone's girlfriend..
How to Write Faster than a Bullet Speeding Through an Orange! How to Write Faster than a Bullet Speeding Through an Orange! OK, let’s be
your welcome hey can you follow me back(:
I been doin good
I told you!
Heh, I sure hope so.
except for the giants.. Cuz they just won Super Bowl XLVI
earlier watch episode #21 of the vampire diaries the best so far this year ,,,,,,
When is away from the Octagon Lounge, I control the remote!
Snuggled up on the couch with a glass of wine watching a movie.
Guns N' Roses has been nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. I think this is the first time they've been nominated.
Just do it! We think too much. We talk to much. We don't do enough!
Don't let the clouds and potential rain keep you from enjoying March Madness. Sound and Basement with specials are open all day!
3. Race and Racism is big business. It generates ratings, $, and made careers for people who use it to promote their agenda.
The idea that a skyscraper is nothing but a vertical suburb is ridiculous. It's not what happens inside. It's what happens on the st
Patio party at CopperTop good food, drinks,people and dj cyn its beautiful out come by after u
Getting excited for this Thursday and Friday. Friday afternoon's schedule is packed -- indecision time!
I'm putting together a list of #authors on Pinterest. Can I add you? @ or DM your user name and you'll be added!
Happy Monday!
Wow, #Caps, wow.
Created a lot of outrage here locally! They have since hired an attorney and now the case has disappeared from local news
I'm only going to keep playing as long as some of that money goes to bathroom renovation :)
Day 2 of living/eating Primal!... Feeling good!
“ “ Everybody ain't who they say they are.””
Bret Michaels Settles With CBS Over Falling Set Fiasco Back in 2009, Bret Michaels suffered a serious head injury during a performance at
Remember when someone would say "Get off the phone so I can use the internet" ?
Lady Gaga going to Peru because a the club fans of Mother monster I was born thsi way Yeah So very very good on you´r country bye bye
"New guy, new day, everyday!"-- Miss NatalieNunn BGC4!
ok. I will. (: see I'm following rules
dude, im gonna miss out on so much sunday. fml.
omg we are no longer friends.. those two words make me so grossed out.
xD that makes me laugh every time!
Patrick Ewing Jr.? Wtf, I feel old now! Smh.
They're gonna make me hand them my phone & all of my jewelry. No tweets for an entire hour. How will I survive?
It is very unnerving to be proven wrong, particularly when you are really right and the person who is really wrong is proving you wrong and
perform Tonight on CONAN on TBS. Its their first national TV appearance! First of many that is..
so disappointed finale is cut to one hour. what a slap to the fans:( for the voice? UGH! but we'll be there bob! always:)
Oh I know that too! Sunday though Katie was almost acting like a lady!!!
I knw Im late, but even if u already saw it, PLEASE REWATCH #THESECRET,#LifeChanger(IF one puts it in their daily) on Deck 12n
: indeed! Plus some new small plates :)
a #cartoon or #animation show. Based on idk something good. Lol
#CLASSIC RT And on da count of 3....GO! Go go go go go go GO! *common voice* << Im going to be singing that all afternoon lol
Home alone till Saturday Boa Lexi, Will, Lia, Cam and Tiarius and Reco comin over !(:
That was the most annoying thing that's ever happened to me.
yes yes!! But rehoboth is on the east coast? What's next?!
Feels like Friday !
god damn super moon made me look like an asshole last night
very inspiring story Marion! God bless, and rock on!!
I've had same experience. In many respects DMV's bad rep is a bad rap. Like Post Office.
Lmao. That Was My Ringtone.
that 70's show is too funny!!! those are good too!!! Cartoons are not what they used to be;(
Check out our band The Bellmen!
where does she got out? of another galaxy, because... HER EYES ARE OF ANOTHER GALAXY
CAN YU FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YUUU PLEASEE THANKS XO
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Marketing Brand Ambassador for Pirate Brands. Deadline to apply: Tues. 1/31
Some people accidentally walk on your feet & apologize; others walk all over your heart & don't even realize. RT
Facebook, ice cream, and Beavis and Butthead do America on a monday night.
hi my name is ____ and I am the SWAGMASTA of fields..
Glad everyone is okay. Do you know how it started?
Tmac actually dunked on somebody
- thank you for attending and speaking!
The best thing Tebow can do is run for 8 yards on a consistent basis. The bad news is he's a quarterback and we need him to pass.
like seriously just got so excited.
Don't know of they were UO Team Members or not, but people were golfing at the Drive-In. And no line like last night.
The merch table is where the magic happens. Price your CDs & t-shirts right, or even better, bundle them to make more every single night.
you don't know what cold is until you've LIVED in Wisconsin! lol
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you! have a great weekend!!
Bible! Robyn- "Show Me Love" is on the radio right now! I got so excited I almost ran us off the road!
Lots of good soccer/football action on TV today. Plus start their push for Stanley. April is great.
Does he ever? RT agreed! But Coach K doesn't look to happy w/ the refs!
Good morning SF! It's a big day...let's do this!
A man and his thoughts are a lethal combo, stick shift, clutch hit, dimes like rondo
thank you for listing us! Much appreciated
not watching the game because my roommate is watching lost.
“: pulling an all nighter tonight. FML” Me too. Kill me now 
yeah, always seems like an excuse for me.
Happy Tuesday Tweeties! Stay tuned for our nightly special tonight. In the mean time, stop by for some great breakfast & lunch!
Just got home and woke my wife up to chewing lifesavers and how cool they are when they sparkle in the dark. Not sure she appreciated :)
Please remember in #Syria people are still fighting to have the democratic life we have. Take a moment to send them one of your prayers
"Move your meat, lose your seat" -
Yeah, I think they really biffed it on the casting. I pictured Malcolm McDowell as President Snow, not Donald Sutherland.
u in chi!
I notice that Peter Barlow was dressed as Shakin' Stevens in Tonights #Corrie , retro style mega!!
Yay, lights are back on!
#amasummit isn't quite the same without - I'm sure plenty of other #AMA peeps would agree!
Confession: I laugh more when Jacob laughs. His laugh brings me joy.
Good morning!!!
and average people talk about things... : ) I love that Aristotle said: "all things in moderation"
Awesome! Ch. 17 shares my friend 's story. She was gracious to let me tell it.
Landfill presence is obvious (signage & huge grass covered trash mountain). Now what's really in it? Who knows?
"I SAID JUST THE TIP"
Pimpin' , then heading to and 's Cinco de Mayo fiesta! Ole!
Hey Holmes, What It Is? My Family and I are wondering if we can get directions back to the expressway..
hahaha i dont thinks she can ever here us though
Heck yeah. They are coming here later this month too and I'll be there. Caught White Fence at SX and dug it like a shovel.
Attending my first #Cowboys game today. They better win!
text me
speaks, great comment......Happy New Year
well... we'll see you soon then!
Indiana Jones and the Mountain of College Debt
Sang in church choir,hr bike ride, cleaned in house,watched3 NFL games ,staying bussy ,but 2nd week alone at 64 lonley w/no lov of women ;0(
No guy ever asks for a picture in your sweat pants a t shirt.... That should change.
what if you found a Twinkie inside of another Twinkie? Wurrrrd.
It's going great! How are you?
u should dove into dat bitch nd been like pow bitch
i wanna see the new #harrypotter movie.
Just realized you're not following us. Wanted to let you know :)
if u ever even act like u want kids u will understand. I'll b there for ur mental breakdown
What an amazing New Year's Day! Excluding the agonizing hangover and missing shoe of course. Really lovely though.
#keepitfresh RT most of the shit in your head is in your head-if you can get over the static, you can proceed
they were only a "secret" up until like august 2011 when WMYB came out...
Beale St Memphis = crazy
are you alive?
thanks for the #FF! Hope you had a great holiday!
Did you also know that we have a weekly content meeting in 25 minutes? Jacqui, it is mandatory...so uh...
long story
I officially met this Korean kid who'd been picked on and I stood up for. I let him know I was there for him, I reminded him he wasn't alone
Happy birthday Dave. RT : Wait. What!!?? It's your birthday!!?? xoxoxoxox :)
that's why they're now 'servers'.
Clippers don't play that
#media99 John Wellington Ennis: Everything comes down to the story-telling.
Good Morning Tweeps!!!
I'm with the FBI
you will be sleeping most of time.
From all at us at SenSpa we hope you had a very happy holidays!
Opponent set for Tuesday night #CIT ": quarterfinals(elite 8) OU vs. Rice Tuesday at 7pm in O'rena. Be there! #GrizzGangorDie"
Very True! RT : Listening 2 Bill Bratton Americas top cop "leadership is lonely if your not a good leader"
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!!!
Tip:) Hold volunteer positions in organizations. This is a great way to stay visible and give back to groups that have helped you.
RT : Best thing about living in this 'hood is being close to Twin Anchors ..& the worst thing
hahaha tell me about it
“: Let's all make a fuss about Dwight Howard, the guy who's pushing to get traded from a 28-16 team to a 15-29 team.” THIS
Precisely. O2 would make it a problem:-)
well he wasn't thinking of us LMFAO
has google taken you over too??“: O man, I feel the urge to paint a real big map on the floor. Again.”
Um RT ARE YOU EXCITED TO SEE ME THIS WEEKEND ?!!?
I just saw a B&B tow truck stranded on the side of the road.
Apparently my crippling fear of sounding douch-y in my first tweet was grounded...
Oxford Property Group is pleased to announce that Sercan Atalay has joined as a licensed salesperson
are you attending today?
Is it supposed to take 2 hours to figure out what I'm going to do for the rest of the day?
Gee, I wonder why? ;)
with the boyfriend for the night :)
'Every research group was interdisciplinary: chemists mingled with physicists who chatted with metallurgists who lunched with engineers.'
Lineups for tonight: Mosaic Wine Bar in North Park: Curiocity, Slow Cal BBQ, Hoangies, It's a Dogs World and Groggy's. Eastlake: Asian...
Sorry had to go! Next time
oh u got meds
Oh yeah oh yeah - I can't wait for tonight's episode of
Just did a radio interview. Host asked if you can forego AV if "you are careful where u click". Bad advice! 2/3 world cybercrime victims.
he jumps to high to NOT be rebounding I mean come on...
laurenitis beat the dog shit outta cena, Brock fucked triple h up bad, broke his arm,smh it was some bitch shit
thank you.
Caramel frap. Is so refreshing right now<3
I would have to say Take a look at his tweets... hahaha :)
At the Denver airport waiting for the shuttle. I see that the airport, while technically near Denver, is still in the middle of nowhere.
Thank you!
So awesome!
We're looking forward to the 4/11 event and just printed out the readings. They look really interesting!
lol shit would be funny as fuck ... But the cops probably on to us trackin our tweets we need a new plan
Yeah because a teacher is not suppose to degrade no student either she gets fired or suspended.
Ah; okay. Will there be a hilarious web series chronicling their journey to fitness?
Off to check out a possible venue for the Summit County gotta find the perfect venue. Fingers crossed we find a keeper!
A little late but here's my short #FF... and
Did you know that in 1996 that 1 in 10 people used a MAC.
You should never forget who your real friends are because when others turn they back on you, youll see who sticks around
ha i wish i could do it!
Found one! Yay!
Finished the first season of heroes!
Highlight of my day: Stepping out of the office, catching a whiff of 2 homeless guys' weed & their unconditional love "God bless that ass"
I could spell correctly if I wanted to. I just didn't feel like it at that moment.
Bad news from Double-A Tulsa tonight. #Rockies De La Rosa done after one inning in rehab start. Left forearm tightness.
Sure thing! Glad to look at it and give you feedback if you want another pair of eyes.
Cabin in the Woods, Ice Cream and ! Jealous!
who sexy?
Who's Laughing now....
It's going to be in the 70's all week!
Vol-de-mort Vol-de-mort
Chilling with my honey...
Definitely cleaning my baby today. Too nice out.
... that's a great idea! We'll look into it.
Doing some heavy duty writing, stuffs sounding so amazing! :)
Favorite email of the day began with: "I am a grandma and a proud hooker!" Right on, grams!
i wouldn't mind the NIKE contract!
hey love like my page for me on Facebook it's ski new York
O I like it! I like it a lot! :B
Pravda and report #Ovechkin and #Eminem to collaborate on new hip-hop track. We will not be able to decipher one word.
What does “a la mode” really mean? “In style.” Our favorite item a la mode? White lace.
Good night thirsty peasants! Enjoy Kobe's #diarrheagame! #Storylines = #ratings =
I still love you BunB!!!
Two more days intil the Avengers comes out :D !
Latin Vibe Fridays VIP tables going fast. Don't miss out! Reserve your table TODAY! It's going to be crazy. Sorority-Fraternity-Fridays
Kobe isn't sick... He's just an actor like my man
my new favorite song... #MarilynMonroe by ♥ hot damn i love this sonnggg so much EVERYONE go listen to it NOW :)
I'm jealous of you with that 92 degree weather, but hey we've got 63 degrees today in the Windy and Brewcity.
I ask myself that a lot ;) ..if you have a blog or something & link to LyricWiki, that helps to fix it! :)
u're welcome : )
GET OFF MY TWITTER STUPID HOE
you should come in sometime, we open at 7 am, close at 3 pm. Happy New Year to you!
S/o to for being able to dunk, tht shit look hard
Have you listened to me lately? I've been going crazy
Finally got a twitter! #YAY #weirdo ;)
buzz buzz..slap.. owww..
follow this babe for me
I will do my best to attend!
#TheHungerGames was and A-M-A-Z-I-N-G Book :D
well thank you then!!:)
We work with everyone! Just followed you. DM us your address and which one you would like to review
Given your age you have to admit he does have a similar-valid point.
In disbelief and annoyed...r
Just entered to be 's Official Twitter Reporter for #SummerJamz15 ...voting starts May 28th, make sure you all vote for me!
im so tired for some reason!!
i wasnt talking about you, i know you dont know everything about stretching lol
enjoyed your podcast presentation. "teachers and students are always on, even when they're off" good to keep in mind
Got a little inside dirt on the upcoming Punch Brothers album 2b recorded this fall. Sounds like it's going to be a bit of a new direction.
Knicks @ Nets game
Come see me at the Sherwood Regional Library tonight at 7 for my discussion of my book.
That awkward moment when coming home early means coming home at 4 am.
want a soda
time for this Ohio girl to hit the sheets. I enjoyed chatting with you tonight....#youcanjoin #waitdidIsaythat ;l
And Rick Santorum proves that God exists by dropping out of the Presidential Election.
Menstrating is for the birds ...
Jameson, butterscotch something, and orange juice.
I guess my point is that *best* means nothing. If Grease 2 is a favorite film, then you'd make a case for why its "the best."
Awesome weekend in Charleston celebrating. Back to reality with a flight to catch first thing the AM.
lol not starting till 4, gonna attempt to get a place at the rw24
I've already played it to my mom...#TurnToYou brings me to tears..I'm so proud of you justin we've come on a long journey<333
yea it don't matter wit me
I tried to tell ya :)
will be coming 2 an arena near you SOON! Keep a lookout and follow him 4 more information.
yes you have. RT : I've trained my folks to give me a treat when I beg.
Start tweeting! What makes you proud of ? Tweet
Now I have to wait until fall to know if they end up together. Ugh.
I wish I wasn't so insecure.
Oh Hell,yeah....an Indie singer from Wisconsin just won best New artist of year. Hello Milwaukee. Love you Justin Bon Iver
no lo dudes gorda♥.
girl she good still bossy as eva Lls
I HATE SUMMER HOMEWORK!
Beal *sidenote* I still have so much hate in my heart 4 Rumeal Robinson, that day at UM will live in infamy lol
Pics or it didn't happen.
- looking forward to the Black Animator Round Table Discussion...stay tuned
Nothing online is private or personal. If U want it private don't post online, anywhere. Don't blame Facebook. Take responsibility.
We didn't care if people stared, we'd make out in a crowd somewhere...somebody'd tell us to get a room...
im so bored P.S i got glasses!!
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~Mark Twain
Purchasing a die cutting machine to cut out 1500 dear heads was the best decision ever in the whole world
throw back Thursday!
I love this song !
You're welcome :)
**and not before 8. Bulls are on at 6.
susie, bobbi and natalie at the Stay Classy Awards
You Think u The Mob Nigga we The Muh-Fuckin' MOB !!!
More Tweetup attendees: and we saw and pals
... that the #matrix cannot tell you who you are ...
Voicemail:"Hi Page this is a viewer, u need to get a new wardrobe. U r v cute but u need to remember u r on TV and dress like it" haha.. wow
Man fuck bodybuilding. Meals every 2 hours. supplements. Now I know where all my money goes. Ripped as a ma'fucka tho ;)
I can't believe that...
Cautiously optimistic about going to Cali at the end of June, might be a weekend or longer if I can find a friend to crash with....
the awkward moment when someone walks in on you taking a picture of yourself ...
I used a phrase today: "active learner" - active listening, synthesizing to reach new understanding
Breaking Dawn this weekend with Javi?... I hope so<3
28 hours till the NFL draft
The Album WRITTEN IN STONE is #1 in NEW YORK AND SOUTH FLORIDA REGGAE CHARTS. (2 weeks in NY and 1 week in South Florida) Thank you to...
Many things to do! But, Enjoy The Little things around your life! The one and only day has come, I'll pay for all the bad things I've done!
Of course the first major snowfall in Rochester would be on Friday the 13th
tell me about it:/
Ha. "But I wasn't being racist! That's just not how I pictured her!" And THAT is why people need to discuss race more often.
Another case of the #mondays folks? It's ok, #bartab and #MNF are here to help you get through the day! Who you guys taking tonight?
product placement penguin
The name of that beat is called "Order Up" Fam.
#ThingsNotToDoOnPublicTransportation 1-Use disrespectful language 2-Display your intoxication 3-Forget children and families ride, too
*crush walks towards me* *I move over* *he walks passed me* ME: WHY DID I MOVE WHY DID I MOVEE. fml.
Chairman Hayes about to follow-up to the #SOTS on News14.
At work...AKA a day full of tweets and fb status updates.
Ik!!! He lives 45 mins away from me and I went to the marlins game yesterday and I was like mom lets go find
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one
Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps. -Helmut Schmidt
....chirbit isn't letting me record!
Hey everybody go follow shes cool, and she follows back,!
My #FundraisingFriday is part time job apps. Last project got 65+ new leads and $130K in 3 months. #NPO Chicago, interested?
If you always give, you will always have. ~ Chinese Proverb
My new website is up www.kristengandy.com
AlphaBeer is tomorrow! We're tasting fantastic craft brews like , RSVP: bit.ly/tltabv
First snow of the year came a little soon...but I love it.
yeah it was a fun project. Short turnaround time though-Wish we had more time to work on it...
AH can't wait to meet him
DeAngelis Donuts just got personal. Stop in to find out how to make the Delightfully Different Discound card work for YOU!
MOB=Money Ova Bitches
Twitter will never be the same with you on here!
well, I guess I should have said 2011-2012 seasons. Cutler, Forte, Toews, Hossa, Rose, Noah, Gibson almost snapped an ankle.
yes but do pws start 2 think early enuf in dev prcess past their exuberance at world theyve created+focus on where they+aud end up?
Today's pizza : Chipotle Steak w/Roasted Red Peppers and Cilantro Lime Sour Cream, just $12. Free toasted ravs if you mention this. Tasty!
Off to Princeton to see my baby girl graduate. Can it be possible?
Black is a status, there's no one on this earth the color black or white.
Simple salvation. The good news. The challenge is living the Word & know the rewards are great here on Earth on our way to heaven.
Congrats gents. Happy moment in the Gradkowski family
Lawd, where is ??? I need to vent n I know he does too lol
I'm glad that other channel switched to the AM dial. It brought me back to your show. My radio hardly moves off
If the only time you EVER talk to me is for a ride home im giving you the hell naw
Had an awfully dirty amazing night with some old cheese tubes and wideboys.
#Social #Media + #PR Exposure = 17% Consumer Spend Increase vs. Prior Week w/out these elements.
Will try! RT : Whichever #wine warms your soul! Tonight we are drinking Cotes du Rhone wines join in! #winechat 9EST
All Sole EVERYTHING follow da drummer,
i just want to disappear
Going to sleep while it's raining means I'm gonna sleep like a baby 😊💤
So my mom is surprising me by coming to visit from Saturday to Thursday!...a little thrilled, a little not, lol.
I give up on this series
'those 33 days in the summer of 2006...'
I was trying to find out where got his AA necklace he wore at the Grammy's last night, but all i could find were a bunch of blogs a
The thing I hate about resumes and cover letters is that you can ask ten different people and you'll get ten different answers.
If you were a member of the Riot Grrrl Online website or the forum/message board, please share your username on those sites.
RT I want a golden tan
fill in the blank statements on twitter. RT “: RT & Fill in the blank: I could not go a day without my _____________”
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
Great stuff, keep up the good work and let us know if you need help with your insurance!! :)
Left for dog park at 530 then errands, dinner date, now home. Did I really miss anything?
Dude! Brilliant. I already own the books, so I don't need a second set.
Rain and Thunder :)
Opened LONG $EURUSD @ 1.39893; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
how about Tampa Improv?
"Saving one dog won't change the world. But surely, the world will change for that one dog."
Yes... If friends can't be honest w/ each other no one else will...love yall!!
RT : Would I be opposed to someone making my impression of Caillou's father into a ringtone? Two words: "OH! NO!"
messing with my LinkedIn/twtr settings to make sure I am not bugging my LI connections (too late I fear :-) ) Let's see what happens....
Lol has custom made headbands to hide his reseeding hairline. Holy shit. No bullshit, that band is 2x as big.
RT : Do you know any good DC based Java/JSP programmers avail right away? Please send them my way. GSA a bonus. Thank you tweeps
Off to buy clothes...I hate shopping.
The day is flying by, thank god!!!!
we're still here :)
happy new year!!!! updates are on the way!!! i promise ;)
just said twat is singular for tweeting, somebody follow this guy and help him out!
i can see the n
Watch out. He could be a raptor.
If I had written the Screen play for Romeo and Juliet I might have a problem with Hunger Games. Just a bad Copy of content.
Ain't no woman alive that could take my mama's place! R.I.P. Mama </3
you're welcome.
You know when a girl acts like she doesn't want you then you want her more. It's time to be that girl Buffalo.
congrats on your success, I look fwd to following your journey. Just Wrapping up day 1 of 15 myself.
Family day. Fun with family
Great work on Dajaz1.
Ricketts + Blind trust in Theo = Disaster waiting to happen.
Heeelllllllll yeah we got MarchingBand7Days trending :)
What is one characteristic that you believe every #leader should possess?
I've done that! I got to drive the Duck on water. Did you see the post where the same goose has nested for ten years?
#whosgonnalose - san diego at dallas - san diego will lose
auto black on black leather. About 155k. Open to offers
What you get
That was another bs call. Come on you dumb dumb refs.
18miles? Wow, that's incredible
Xmas Tweets: Mom is saying how the teachers don't do "Dick and Spot and crazy stuff any more."
Hey long time, no see. Just wanted to say hi :) so how's it going?
I don't have a problem with anybody being rich. I have a problem with people being GREEDY.
I think I am going to frame this picture today :)
Praying for some encouraging answers from the Dr's when we get my dad's test results back today.
- very very very. D:
Sessions, yes, crying.
will be in the UWM union tomorrow 6-7pm
where am I?
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Up All Night!
oh wow ok thanks , I fell asleep n woke up to the best part
Happy Psanders Day! :)
RT : We're going to go out on a limb and name a #postseason legend. RT if you agree!
One of the main reasons people overspend is due to being completely unaware of their current financial situation
hahahahahha I love you
#ArentYouTiredOf politics already? Especially during election years!
Eatin lunch outside and listening to hipsters analyze a Selena Gomez song that they "hate"
Just saw Dark Shadows. It started out well but fell flat after the first half hour.
oh thought u were a guy sorry jkjkjkjk lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! & I will celebrate for you! I wouldn't mind having some cake!
lol so true
And THAT is why we should be together!
I'm big on a healthy Ryan Grant this year. He has something to prove
YAYY!!! Text me twin
exciting news for Received $750K in funding to expand healthcare services for #homeless and uninsured in
sounds like heaven...
T minus 15 minutes until Rock of Ages!!
Have you noticed how every spot has the BEST music by DJ _INSERT_NAME_?
RT : Guests arriving at Healthcare Breakfast
NEVER look for someone to COMPLETE you. A relationship consists of 2 WHOLE individuals.Look for someone complimentary. Not supplementary
When i'm sad,i stop being sad and be awesome instead
Looking forward to a visit to my studio tomorrow by the #AIGAStout student group. Irashai, mina-san! Herzlich Willkommen!
I am interested in your public relations internship. Are you still accepting applications?
R this morning " I hate to tell you this, but there is water all over the laundry room floor....but it's all going down the drain." GREAT!
Thought for today... It is infinitely better to be for something than to be against everything!
the comments are great!
i have left campus for 45 minutes in the past 3 days
the question has been asked.
it is. Or a rescue.
This week I'll get my patio and outdoor areas ready for Summer sitting around and outdoor cooking season.
#c21nonhuman the video piece we're watching on the screen is delving into my memories of living here = good strange feeling
HOME ALONE AS USUAL bored as hell I need a gf but not just any gf I need a LOYAL HONEST FAITHFUL RESPECTFUL gf if that's u hit my DM
“: It is not rational to rationalize life.The irrational wisdom of the heart is more trustworthy” Ah, the irrational blood pump
“: Don't be shocked if Hue Jackson doesn't last in Oakland he's welcome to come to #Baltimore and be OC.
I'd expect nothing else from that one. Already looking forward to it (and will stock up on wine).
an in-the-weeds meeting - the devil is in the details - ideal theory meets old business practices - my mind is whirling
30 day challenge!
The inside of my vagina really itches, I'm going to finger myself until I bleed, bye
Wake-up call for dormant ideas/insights in your head via amazin videos! Don't forget to check out the #PopTech2011 speaker preview!
That place is fricking sweet. The owner won one of those Food Network "top chef" shows - you'll leave some cash behind, though.
no, YOU
Hahaha! That's great!
Joey, quiet in a playoff game? Nah
Gotcha! Generally speaking, I find the economics of growlers to be confounding.
thanks for the prompt response! Hopefully we'll hear something from soon
So true:"Early Research Catches the Worms" great post by about getting outside ourselves + testing our assumptions
someone paid to print that, huh?
What is up with gay dudes having nasty attitudes on Twitter? Grow up and man up!!! lol
pleasure! Your entry has my mouth watering ... candied bacon? Yes, please!
When your lobster roll tastes a little too fishy...
IT'S MUCH EASIER to turn a friendship into love, than love into a friendship.
FYI I only read your blog every few days because then it's like getting an angry 20 pc nugget instead of 4.
I miss you! Get back to Fayetteville already!!!!
After just 1 year as a new Christian artist I have received more support from the Christian music community than i ever thought possible!
Lmbo I'm ONLY saying....they love me...They keep secrets...It's all good! NO CONSEQUENCE lol
I could be crazy but, the word "customer" bothers me. Thoughts?
drinking that weird NJ-brand guaraná
Well, that new heart didn't quite make Dick Cheney Mr. Nice Guy.
Everyone go follow NFL Runningback . He is going to do it BIG for the BEARS this year.
Please make a hilarious hashtag.
"oh thanks for tagging me in that picture of fake sneakers on Facebook!"
"Any team not winning its division should not play in a National Championship game" -Nick Saban 2003, Kirk Herbstreit 2007
I go to Laura Walker.
I am verbose today. hm...
AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon form joint venture to power contactless mobile payments nationwide
Yup! Hint: in German (closely related to Yiddish), it's my understanding that "schmuck" means "jewel." RT Did I make a Yiddish pun?
I cry on every family holiday
Excited for you!
"like" this is you will ALWAYS help keep the underground music scene alive.
i saw esg with luscious jackson approximately 97 years ago in ny.
Seriously, you look 12 in this profile pic. lol
Will be in the St. Patrick's Day Parade Saturday March 19th!!
To be fair to Madonna, that was a rogue Pube ;-D!
winner Living Social Boston aka sent last tweet 4/19. sent last tweet in 2010. R U Leaving:(
This boy got a text from his girl sayin she has mono. & all i could think about is his ass gettin tf away from me lol I don't want it
Anyone have a Hazard/LCA final?
might be going to the reunion filiming in New York!
will do! on the agenda for today! cheers from NOLA!
Had a great time exploring Shakespeare's Sonnets last night!
Hot latin music with conjunto alegre sat 25 at the conga club, 10pm-2:30am. Come celebrate dominican independence day.
Your butthole will break soon
when are you gonna do a pro shoot? :)
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art & working is art & good business is the best art. ~Warhol
did you send your spam army after me?
Happy #Bornday to the big homie . . . Go'n in heavy #Beezeweek 2012
Looking forward to #chichat at 11:00! Comedy Wednesday!
you better!
Thanks for the tip!
Sigh. It's true. This puppy needs a few good TCH!s and some calm assertiveness...
Same shit different day
You are not who you think you are.
Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch
plz don't piss urself plz... she'd need a lot more than just a "couple wet wipes" for that mess #NotCute lol
whoops! Sorry! I didn't even notice he was was that tweet! Funny.
is so awesome -- the songs and artist pairings chosen for the duets are amazing!
How can we look at a map and be in the map at the same time? Does God even know?
Get well soon baby...sorry for getting you sick
Pick your battles in life. Just because you don't say anything doesn't mean that you didn't win. (daryldorsey.com)
Interesting that some of the most important bizz meetings happen in the least expected places.
We'll be waiting for you!
where are you, we need an #LSDO reunion
that would be a legit adventure tho lol
Road Island Tweet Queen!
There is no better city in America to bitch and whine about April baseball than Boston.
awe damn, its cause of all them damn donuts, cupcakes and shit you ate
not going to happen
whoa. sorry for slow response ... DMing now!
I just left so cal. :(
You know they're lying when their mouth is moving.
Thanks for the kudos. It's one of our favorite shows! Keep listening!
I'm sort of assuming my church's gen convention will do/say/pass something that scandalizes me.
Dinning Room Set $ 279.- table+4 chairs HUG FURNITURE SALE!!! up to 65% off!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Now that I've hit 1,000 followers (without following over 1,000 people), I feel as if I've made it as a parody account.
traveling lol then gotta do it all again MONDAY !
DEMAND POLITICAL REFORM. Lets start a REVOLUTION. Demand Campaign finance reform. It should be illegal for anyone to give $ to politicians
Yay!!! Happy Birthday! I hope the crew is making it extra special for ya! Knowing , the cake rocks!
YEAH RIGHT !!! Lol
Sounds delish! RT : post run smoothie turmeric elixir, , hemp seeds, sunflower butter, blueberries
I'm singing Diamonds Are a Girls Best Friend for the 1940's show. Shocker, right? (I actually think Xanax and champagne are better buddies)
contact me....let's chat about my show...and my VIP group
thanks I am just feeling overwhelmed I have 2 kids in the autism spectrum and I handle it pretty much ok today was hard
people who have less than 10,000 tweets are noobs
You failed to ignore my tweet.
Traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets call me 702-882-6007 No court No traffic school
"Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."
Heartless Bastards are rocking the , , and at party at Bat Bar at #railsconf. Are you here?
Getting extra money in your paycheck and you don't know why
is catching up on Tiny and Toya
Thanks for the RT!
good stuff you sent me on
My dog is missing and my soul feels dead. I will love you, forever, Zsa-Zsa.
When you think Tim McGraw. I hope you think my favorite song. The one we danced to all night long <3
time for my aunt's baby shower! :)
haha no way!?!? I was working out
I'm not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." -- Louisa May Alcott
ugly ass swear she hurting me aww no Mami I don't think so boo!LMFAOoOo
#Sad :( In Loving Memory RIP Kenneth Gary Vann You were A Wonderful Person <3
lol.....lol OMG only you josh, only you!!! :)
that's what's up, what about my Drake and Lloyd
Off Track Art: “Child of the Universe,” the latest exhibition by Phil ...
Great!! See you next year!
I got Casilla. Come on baby!
those little kids are hyper a.f . i gotta work again tomorrow. 3 days of practice tomorrow is the last day . thankyou jezus.
thank for all the hard work!
Morning Twitterville! Wonderful days lay ahead! Lets get started! *nudgingmyyoungesttowakeup
no bunny has to know
and i bet 6 in 9 will offer to do dirty things with you BECAUSE of this tweet. ;)
I MUST have a cape!
WoW! The Simpsons ride and Harry Potter rides were my favorite!!!
My favorite pen just ran out of ink 😖
Standing in line for take out. Asked by the guy behind the counter: "Are you here for pickup or delivery?" Small logic flaw there ...
strategic. I like it!
great news...there is a 20% chance of rain today thru wednesday!!!
#RITBrickCity Tickets are selling fast for Al Pacino and Freguson. Don't miss out and sign-up today! www.rit.edu/brickcity
I'm greedy.. I don't think 50 cents wings is a deal.
High as shit
i just got done carving my pumpkin...
sorry to hear the missalbany diner is closing. had some great bkfsts there.
Turn out the lights, the party's over, they say that all, good things must end...Good night everybody!
Mike supports the Children's expansion plan which will bring the number of beds from 250 to 600
fuck yeah! That mini jam was pretty dope. We gotta jam with everything and everybody though!
all you single ladies put your hands up!!!!
Saturday night on Bourbon I was assaulted with a few rock chalks because of the blue.
- LOVES to read and tweets about it!!! I suggest that we ask him to be on a READ poster!!! :)
LOVE LOVE LOVE. (;
At the eye doctor...I have a feeling my eye sight is getting progressively worst
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Gotta get ready for rehearsal
I'm done with the Drudge Report. Deleting the bookmark.
finally got tickets for the concert in 2013, next step is to get the may and MSG concert tickets for this year !
Just finished 2 days of recording w/ my new trio w/ John Hebert and Satoshi Takeishi!! Lot's of music!
wouldn't it be nice if customer service actually meant someone would help you. not at
Kayne West, John Legend, Robin Thicke, and Trey Songz belong to me. Keep yah paws off !
what was the sample on?
You can't accomplish one goal by just writing them down. Get familiar with HAVE, BE, DO.
Sex and the City is serious a life saver.
How could you expect to run with the wolves at night when you spend all day strutting with the puppies?
the leafs. They were down 3-0 then came back, tied it at 5 in the last minutes and won 6-5 in OT
check us out for your Nashville tattoo needs! kustomthrills.com
I wish austin would have brought me to NYC!
May the fourth be with you.
Thanks Josh!
My Aunt is a computer god. Definitely just helped me fix my computer which I thought was a goner.
Check out Jenny Saldana's "Happy Cancer Chick Web Series" on youtube. It is both educational and entertaining. I love it!!!!!!!!
Thor just likes to have a little company LOL. Lonely at the top.
My long-time dear friend Kimberly's Mom died today. My condolences and love to her and her family!
Thanks for suggesting lunch! It was great catching-up!
HER: "I'm sending you home, so that clearly makes me the alpha male!" HIM: "Okay, well, here are your alpha male panties."
Next Saturday.. OSU vs. Bama? Who's with me?!?
One more time : one more chance toO chill wit my niggas . Ill c yall soOn . Time keepn us apart.
Thank God there's TJPD presence at the SYPOE Sentri lanes also on Sunday's, would had been a mess this weekend without them
That is NOT my job!
hey PTX, would love to get my hands on some design ideas for your look - marketing is key ;)
beat it!
Working. So hungry I'll die any second.
We totally had twin Saturdays.
but in my opinion track record isn't that great...not to mention black ops was horrible
I love you
that's what I'm saying, I asked my mom not to go to work this weekend bc of that
. . . and there's that day you pitch fastballs to your kid as hard as you can - and he's completely cool catching.
she hates the idea of me leaving she said it's real emotional
Also 'Nodir' get a better name and stop shaving your face with the same razor you shave your sack with man.
day two of working on Friendship Nine pictures. Hope to have the fb page published by 3pm today.
MIDDAY on HEALTH, questions for Dr. John Cmar 1-2 pm today email a question in advance
Never too much never too much so much!
Thank you rad people of
wait- songs from the year you were born? Hard to Handle? This kid was born in 1967?!
hahaha great movie. Hope you and the boys are having fun!
"What are you talking about? I found a baby before."
Congratulations! RT : finally made my decision. i will be attending St.John's University in the fall :-)
makes me warm inside.
Friday is a happy day for PIERRE! #L'Enfant today visiting our loyal Ficellenians!
Some girl staring at me in science. LESBIAN
noo I'm not :x
Lawmakers: House Will Vote On Stadium Bill Monday
The boyy needs some followers ;o hit him up ;) #MF SWAG
Lets go
is this who I think it's about??? 😳
asked for my number I said no, u still asked & followed me out the store & I said no again then proceeded 2 call me a B**ch
Is there going to be VIP?
RT : A great day for Rip City!
Gav my laptop to my girls sis to fix hopefully dar ain't no pic on it ;P [FuckIt]
hahaha beanies like that though not her fault :p
ha.. Im glad they are optimizing the page load.. the site never loaded so quickly ;)
i hate my teacher
Have to say...i have the most amazing followers!!! Thank you all for watching my music videos and all your amazing support!!! You Rock!!! :)
don't leave New York! The team needs you and city idolizes you.
Come to Springer booth 118 starting at 1pm today for 20% discount on books, free journals, & meet the editor to talk about your book idea.
RT : Tmrw 's Scott McCown will be talking TX school finance lawsuits w/ at noon RSVP here:...
Please don't tell me & were the only ones that saw my bike get bitched by 's trucks tail whip action!?
The All American Muslim controversy can be summed up thus: Radical Christians attacking Non Radical Muslims.
ok i'll buy 2 tix today, i work right by the field
It's funny when actors resist you putting them on a winning path. But it's tough to change sometimes. It's worth it, though!
Would love for & to follow me, LOVE THEM ALL! XOXOXOXO
I'm coming to Madison Friday night or early Saturday. Stay in touch weezy.
Watching real-life movies about people on drugs make me glad im straight-edge.
lucky! lol i get to go in march. how is it there?
Found you! Such a pleasure meeting you. Have a great Thursday.
One lane highways with hills and slow drivers
Very welcome. thanks for following back :)
that is so wrong! Opposites Attract! With cartoon cat!
Yes to coffee! DM me and let's get a plan going. Happy New Year!
how many times have you really messed up on stage?
About to raid the granny smith hive, look out applebee's
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. ease follow me ? :) PLEASE
RT : Always feel inspired after every piece. Thank you for a wonderful production of Noche Latina
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Gregg Rogell
Memo to Republicans: Virginia is not your play ground/ launch pad You are miscalculating and overreaching. You are power hungry sad sacks.
#WHChat Thanks to the President for sending advisers to help stop #LRA attacks. What’s the plan in 2012 to ensure success?
Niggalettee_32 peed herself
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he'll quickly learn how to chew it. -Roy Ash
A job title doesn't define a person .
Have you ever tried to sneeze with your eyes open?
Being from the hood is overrated.
Another item crossed off the (patented) Multi-Month To Do List. *pumps fist*
that's so cool you interned there-I bet it's a great place and awesome experience! Congrats on finishing!
Willy T. Ribbs is racing again!!! Can't wait!!!
Combining spring cleaning, packing and moving by throwing away everything I possibly can
Whut the whut tumblr?! How am I supposed to get my blog on if you are on break?
who wants to know? LolRT Should be
Clarity Legal will be closed today for Good Friday! Have a wonderful holiday and we'll talk to everyone on Monday - John, Clarity Legal
My teeth hurt:(
Bad Call
They died a really ugly, slow death. Even by the cut-throat world of sports business standards.
Kendrick Perkins is still trending!? Poor baby, LOL
i miss him soo much </3
this homage to Serene Velocity is most gratifying
yea real exciting day on the job
At least this time I've heard of the terrible pitcher the #brewers are getting schooled by.
True fact: I shot a rifle for the first time over the weekend. Hit within a few inches of the bullseye 5 out of 6 times at 25 yds. Fun!
Prove it.
My new twitter account is: , follow that account please. Thanks.
Silver Fork winner on on now!! Channel 9
y is what?
Love that #FlyMeToLondon is trending now. I will take a free flight to London anytime, #Olympics or not. Just send me!!!
Looking to take some HDR Homestead shoots in Cincinnati area. I'll photograph your home and convert to HDR, send me a reply. :)
No poll necessary. Dave Grohl is 100% awesome.
It is important to celebrate even small victories. It's tragic not to celebrate the big ones.
Do u like or hate Michael Cole? I'm pretty sure you all will say "I hate Michael Cole!" lol just Sayin ;-)
RT Ultrasound Fat Zapper! Seriously...sensible diet and regular exercise perhaps?
well, it IS to some extent. But if people don't realize the importance/value aside from "ROI"...
Text me your nam if u are going to scottsdale az I will get u vip free drinks and bottle service text or call me 480 233 5463
i'm in! And so is
Now Kimi is sitting on the floor, looking up at me, and saying, "meeyyyoooaw! (let me out)."
Consult your magic 8 ball for the answer.
Jesus battled satan with the words of his father in scripture, whose words are we battling with?
Omg I'm very excited that Justin and his team will be here in Brazil this month. ,, ,
I believe it might be time for a need picture. Lol. Had this one for over a year already.
Starting this weekend, purchase Revolution Cider at Garces Trading Company, 1111 Locust Street, Philadelphia!
"Milk was a bad choice": what the kid on the cover of Time Magazine will be saying in 20 years
Looking at a hot pocket and thinking "why am I putting this in my body?"
Wow I'm honestly embaressed
what a beautiful morning, and i get my new bike today ok =)
Thanks f/the retweets, know we'll get some fabulous candidates. , ,
Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart. - Myla Kabat-Zinn
Good morning ! :)
You guys, I spent way too much on bathing suit(s)? today.
goodnight I love u!^_~
The only way most people recognize their limits is by trespassing on them.
Yum, PIE DAY!
#FF Happy Friday!
It happened again! Co-Editor-in-Chief, Clara Fannjiang, won a national award from Scholastic Art and Writing...She is a poet to watch!
thanks for the mention! ;)
Home is not where you live, but where they understand you
glad to see you came to your senses. I was reading an argument we had on Facebook last year about the C's. Too funny.
what's happenin
where did younger this from ?
he hates Nebraska because he's rich.
From now on I hate physics!!!!!!
What's going on my twitter fam? I
#OnceUponATime is stressing me out. Haha
Family Feud in Denver as Texas D1 Morse nipped Danny Granger D1 87-84 in an epic display of fundamental hoops and 3 point shooting by both.
Only if you make me.
night “: well good pain yes. Good night.”
I think this is what they call cyber bullying. I don't remember agreeing on this
Won't teams throw games to get Andrew Luck next year? A once in a generation talent and bonus certainty? Might need a draft lottery.
Happiness is not of the same kind as material objects are.
have a great trip! :)
LOL!!!! RT Tomorrow is Lebron James day, everyone gets to leave work 12 minutes early.
#Resolutions are made to be broken.Choose goals that You'll keep trying to achieve all year! .. Not quit within the first week.
I love the #smli webinar with & ;-) | great work and I will be using your tactics often!
Those Chase card close-ups aren't really in the spirit of the show are they?
Bring it!
OH female policewoman: I have blood on my arm!!
I like the temperature, but not the rain.
I'm glad you enjoyed your Game of Basketball :+). Let's see if you'll go twice a wk. Have Fun
New york in the morning
"Besides conferences and email lists, the Internet Marketing underground is held together by a weird fascination with video."
So Modest Mouse is coming to the
Fleas in cats can be especially sensitive to treat-check with your Veterinarian
i voted over 1234567890 times....can i get a follow back please....btw i LOVE you guys:):):):):)
nope I am not I stopped promise haha
Do you provide reference services? Helping setup and wondering about the possibility.
#StickyNotes are your best friend when you have the feeling that your day is gonna be filled with brain farts.
I am having one of those "I am so sick" days I am counting down the time until husband is home so I can tag out.
I could've sworn avocado was a fruit....
aye dont forget to watch pretty little liarss tonight! ;D showw's full of
your gorgeous
Thanks for the follow Sean!
#TheLifeSayings: You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost and realize that what you have now is much greater.
Can't find my stylus for my iPad!!
4 what it's worth, PTI is the sole democratic political force in Pak. Re:Much to criticize re IK/PTI, but ...
I've seen more famous people in the year and a half ive lived in Chicago than I did in over 3 years of living in LA.
as in, his mom tells me he's mine anyway ;)
Everytime I play Blink 182 I think of <3
For sure!! Hope you had a great weekend :-)
Picking up Joshua from school.
At least the #Yankees didn't forfeit after 1 inning, kinda equivalent to what #Duke did in the #NCAA Tourney.
Just prayed to a God That I don't believe in
At PhDeets, PhDs can tweet the essence of their dissertation to the world! (In fewer than 125 characters, 2 save space 4 @, #, RT)
Fresh fiesta garlic salsa, I am in heaven!
At UCSD Rady School of Management speaking w/ MBA students & some incredible successful startup & fastest growing companies in our region.
Have a great night.
You cannot put on dear John, what a girl wants, AND forest gump on on the same night!
We were just making jokes about #gamification in the office!
I want a YOLO tattoo. Lol
I'm a terrible cook. Tonight, I try eggplant Parmesan...wish me luck!
Cute! Back row, third from the left?
I'm having the hardest time concentrating today...got photography on the brain like crazy
Oh man. Just saw the news about Adam Yauch/MCA. Totally stunned & floored. :( Just bought the 33 1/3 about Paul's Boutique. Namaste, Yauch.
I live 12-min walk so you win. Still--freaky! Where is yr piece appearing?
and I are celebrating our 100th DM.
Camping at Raystown lake PA and riding the Allegrippis trails all weekend.
I developed an instant crush on at AWP. It was like we were on a picnic every time we spoke.
#Verizon, your bad idea commercial is a BLATANT rip off of SNL's bad idea jeans.
I need to buy a better camera to film my beat making process...
- my dad went to high school with Duck. Seems we're losing a lot of musical greats this year.
we use #informatica in our healthcare business for similar reasons as #foxtrot. Cloud product is great.
": shout out 4 shoutout ?" Sounds like a deal :)
Dude, I am loving the raw, unbridled conservatism. I need more Repubs in my feed. I think following you was a good idea…
My car is like a revolving door of signs. Lots of people committed to visible support. Reminding them all to vote on 6/5
Just a reminder, CDM is open until 10pm this week for your #finals studying needs. Free Wi-Fi student discounts. Good luck!
Social Media Promotional Sale :: ALL THIS WEEK :: [[ all monthly packages only $50 ]] Email Us For Details ::
i showed my mom the version on the stream. all she said was "oh my."
Who is going to MNF this upcoming week? Go Bolts!
what about Shottas
Thank you! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed the program at Tanglewood yesterday. Bravo to you, the pops orchestra and the vocalists.
Aye man,can i get a follow back?Maybe we could talk sometime
Throw away idea you'll be perfect and you'll be closer to perfection than ever before
I'm so done
Merry Christmas. :)
Got to see the lovely and talented CJ Merriman on stage at tonight in Magic Bullet Theory
I am ON. BOARD. Yay!
Hello twitter
I love this. Can I cite you?
did you see the picture on the baseball page? :)
my dad just admitted to me that he used to come into my room in the middle of the night and get my secrets out of me because i sleep talk..
Much much needed nap
how did it go?
can NOT wait for tomorrow!!! Excited! He's the reason why I'm tuning in tomorrow! <3
oh, and if u are in LA or NYC and looking for a great workout, just let me know and we'll get u into soulcycle !
Am experiencing great frustration with label printer. Will library re-org ever happen?
What about diet coke?
The Spring Home & Garden Market Series just Ended!! We had a great attendance! Fall Dates are on the website! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Student: wants to know how mini funds are being spent. Is there a way to expand transparency?
how come you can stay out so late? my curfew is 8:30 rofl
I wish I could cuddle up with HIM right nah! /:
You're not kidding. Luckily, all's well, but apparently there was a SWAT team stand-off in a nearby neighborhood. Yikes!
RPD confirm they found body in Iron pool & they "believe" its the body of missing girl Larie Butler. We're live @ scene @ 7.
I'm sorry, I don't think I can help although it's a really nice idea, my balls are prints of my paintings, the paintings take about
i thought you didnt use smile faces like youre to cool for them
Ah, I haven't started watching it yet, so it's all spoilers to me. :)
Dance Moms Miami is good but i like Dance Moms better
I hate when people don't text you right back.
Yea, I've got 2 good through July.
lol. they wouldnt even trust you tho if you was living with a female. EVERYBODY know how you are. lol.
"Money can't buy you happiness" yeah, but it can buy you concert tickets which is pretty much the same thing.
Dey Call me Inky!!
It's a mobile strategy game. Insanely fun.
I DIDN't laugh at yours! i was laughing at your face lol
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
Feels good to barely beat a bad team. Orange crush is back suckas.
Is masculinity oppressive or is male insensitivity oppressive?
Thank you very much for your vote and your support!
Well it's the same thing with football for me. It's all about who has the "purdiest culla"...
I just saw this but yeah sIGHS it's so good it makes me died
how are you?! You ready for tomorrow? How's your song coming out?
You must change in order to survive
Wow he was out by a mile lol
When my sister & mom argue in subway <<
What is this nigga real name cuz I'm sure I don't know them
Moved on to #Shameless. Sorry
cool , hey follow me girl.
Better not...my other half will be upset and then you will have to deal with her :)
Great to hear you will be at #drydensocial You really get around! Fedex overnight flight? or do you have a twin?
I hoping too
Life is but a dream.
Q3: Now, to change topics, since it's grab bag day. What can small publishers do to revive an out of print favorite?
When I graduate people will wonder who the fuck I am!!
that bull duke is working
Somebody needs to take me to go see Titanic in 3D.
Okay, does anyone know when Battleship premieres in the U.S.?
Either way, keep up the good work, nice to see the in depth coverage you provide compared to others who shall not be named, ha!
Smile For The Haterz! :)
I've always said a comfortable chair is the sign of a powerful executive.
Injustice could be eliminated, but human combats and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Another rainy day, another #27 no show.
5:00 PM - RT In the Trenches live at Claddagh Irish Pub.
Happy Birthday, !!!! I love you!!! xoxo
I can't wait to see these places!
Sure , we like to keep in touch with forward-thinking #venturecapital companies! Thanks for the shout.
Why is there a Boy Meets World marathon on MTV2 ? Why is my brother a BMW expert?
DC: 29 degrees outside. GOBAL WARMING, WHERE ARE U???
Think ima delete this one & start al over...
is haunted by the story of walter lyles' booger.
That awesome moment when they're showing the Flinstones and the Jetsons on Cartoon Network ^.^
Have you guys had Gorganzola cheese yet. It is heavenly.
why are auctions like ESELL economy proof? We provide things to the people that matter when times are tough, and that's a fact uncle sam!
Actors, Screenwriters, Directors: showcase your work directly to Hollywood studios on my new website. Coming December!!!
congrats on beat Duke day, now go grab a no.1 seed and beat KY if given the chance.
Sometimes when bad things fall apart its so good things can fall together..
Michael's been around for 2 yrs!? Boyfriend needs to deal w/ it & show up. But holidays are hard
Dude if he is really on SOMEONE RECORD IT AN POST IT ON YOUTUBE OR sumtin cuz Il'l die #freakingout..!
If you happen to find a gold earring in your cake bag , its mine! The reward is my vinyl of stevie wonder's Innervisions.
Its worse than early collage.
no survivor... no Amazing Race ... boring summer.
tweets the info or :)
i found 's last name on the word search in 6th period hehe (;
that is more of a deterrent
Today should be a good day, no school (y)
Trust is earned;)0
It's coming up next Wed 5/9. Going country line dancing... thus the need for some kick ass boots!
and how in the stars did u get THAT nickname?
Forget trying to "compete" w the Jones & Smiths try my neighbors on for size
Just watched Cabin In The Woods I gotta admit it was a good movie I was laughing mostly tho cuz I just laugh at horror lol :P
you're always at egyptian.. you should start checking out instead of checking in.
Y is orange leaf following me ... I don't post about yogurt ...
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all. Cheers for a very green & safe day!
Thank for the RT, Mike. Hope all is great with you.
Its funny how being in Vegas has made me pull back from the world, being away from the internet is the best vacation. Peace out.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama ♥
My #SuperFan levels will one day be equal to your Napoli #SuperFan levels... I hope.
is looking forward to the RBS 6 Nations starting in Feb -
Hi! I Agree that is a good book.
that's f'd up tho
Love Love Love Lil Miss RC!!!! Lets Go Crow!!!
Song of The day: Stay by U2
That's what I would do and good it's been too long since we all kicked it
Never fall in love with a man who don't love you
For a Happy New Year: happiness book display at Newark Public Library, 2nd floor
Say what you want about America, thirteen bucks still gets you a hell of a lot of mice!
i saw iron man 2 , 2 weeks ago it was awsome :)
Alex Epstein suggests sending a query letter BEFORE you write the script to judge the response. Your thoughts please.
you don't have to tell me about unpacking...we still have stuff in the garage!!! :-O
exactly. an agency that knows how I do it, and do it right.
look solid so far without Pujols, but it's breaking my heart to watch him suited up for Los Angeles. Still, I wish him well.
Is anyone a vegetarian?
Kudos to the organizers of #MoxieCon. Great conference concept and amazing energy. Sad we can't stay, but we'll be following online!
i'm not a wild one, i fall asleep at 11 pm.
great we hope she raises awareness of the Colombia IDP and refugee crisis
can't wait to shoot. Fun, fun, fun!
we're in the front, come say hi!
Indoor cats and indoor plants don't seem to get along very well...
To my mother - a loving, compassionate champion for marriage equality & more - Thank you & I Love You! And Happy Happy Mother's Day to all.
Today's special is A-FREDO-MAZING! Chicken Broccoli Fettucini Alfredo! Served w/ garlic toast and the knowledge that this meal rocks.
That was one of the oddest and most entertaining stories I've ever covered.
*tear* ...I LOVE YOU MAN!
Ayurvedic prescription for headaches
RT : The best way to predict the future is to create it- Peter Drucker RT
David Harris: If we don't have strong schools downtown, we won't have strong neighborhoods.
THE VERONICAS - MOUTH SHUT LYRICS
Wondering what's happening in MA. Brown win would be totally awesome - if the Dems don't figure out some way to stall.
try aloevera as a gel, coconut oil, and olive oil...suave or herbal essences for shampoo and conditioner
We already know your password: iamawino
#tasteofdc countdown!! Final hours before kick-off!! www.thetasteofdc.org Join us Sat Sun & Mon to Sip Savor & Celebrate!
Baby makin weather
Thanks so much for this and all your support!
They should make an award for anyone who uses an entire tube of chapstick without losing it.
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
Unions do all the work, then share the wealth then unions can give the 93% nonunions some money
Live fake , die fake .
If you think i like you then i probably dont
Raining in SoCal. Say it isn't so. ☔
RT Eliminating my alma mater's system would be the biggest travesty to the HBCU community. I need them to think things through
If anyone is having a bad day remember that today in 1976 Ronald Wayne sold 10% stake in Apple for $800. it's now worth $58,065,210,000
National Nurses Week begins on May 6th! Want to join the celebration as a nurse? Call us at (888) 682-2761 to learn more!...
“ “ I am not mad, I am hurt. There is a difference.””
Oh, ONLY a grizzly, monkey, and a mountain lion?! comforting. :-/
Let's Go Yankees!
was relocated to my own office because they started movin cubicles around.. seems like they forgot cus ive been in here for 2 weeks
My #quarterlifecrisis is telling me that my life is in shambles. It's just one of those mornings but I know better. Must push forward!!!
haha RT “SURELY NOTHING HAS TO LISTEN TO SO MANY STUPID REMARKS AS A PAINTING IN A MUSEUM.” – Edmond de Goncourt
watching punk'd
Vegas hotels have some great food, but with my shake in the morning I can pass by the temptation!
glad im not the only one who feels that way.
Plenty of sun out today :) RT : see you baby birds later. I'm going outside to soak up some sun. See you soon
Wisdom arrives in silence, Beth. Shhhhh....
I'm obsessed. You guys are awesome!!!
this world was a better place because of your father. There will never be another joepa. Please continue your fathers work
yeah, I'm optimistic big picture, like a lot of ppl wanted it this yr bad
In Seattle this weekend. What to do?
. or "my husband and I's," which might be my ultimate annoyance.
I like the title stories in those collections. Figure they titled the books after them b/c they are particularly strong.
that might...tickle.
Learned this by exploring how to put a fence on a retaining wall on our property -- public space permitting goes through DDOT.
finally pulled out my new compressor / nailer combo to put up some shelves tonight. { insert Tim "the tool man" Taylor grunt here }
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE RT IF YOU DO TOO
DM Simply put, we developed an Edu solution gaining more momentum than we can support. Would like to explore turning over to HP.
Can't believe the Ky. Derby is next Saturday already!
What is most disturbing? A) Twins' rotation B) Plouffe's hair C) Doumit's stache D) Butera on roster E) All of the above
You need to leave all those reality broads on the sidelines and come get a real woman...lol
Wah-huh? ": 1 adult male stabbed in the upper body in the 1300 block of Irving St. NW."
Meats and Meets, Beets and Beats, Spirits and Spirit; Come to TAG RAW BAR and see what I mean!
If they 6pool you, your scouting wouldn't amount to a whole bunch unless you send out one of your starters as the scout
I'd say: do your work in the done() callback. embrace the "asynchronousness". gist an example and I'll help re-write.
Who would like a shoutout ???? :)
have fun with that lawn mower. I'm teaching Sadie today!
The higher your station, the less your liberty.
13m: knock on by Japan. USA's Mike Petri to put into the scrum
Thank you for naps, Lord!! I definitely need one, today. Wow.
what happened?
Who said ya about what?
I just sent a text asking "how much for a cow and seeds?" friend in Uganda needs to feed his family long term, puts my life in perspective
Did you book your Limo for the #Steeler Game this weekend? Call today to book Pittsburgh's best Limo Service
Is there a social stigma associated with being a "media whore" as a scientist trying to simply communicate their work?
WORK THAT BATHING SUIT......FIERCE
OMG MEAN STREETS IS ON NETFLIX STREAMING!
I love you. Will you be my bestfriend please?
I did for like a day, but got it back :3
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
It's Late Night in New York with your host J Lino
#IndySM Which athlete or celebrity best used the #social46 hashtag?
not here.FB ;)
thanks for that - the tweets are great
What's the equivalent to retweeting on instagram? Regraming?
THEY ARE SO BEASTY . Except x2 I god damn hate THAT RIDE
RT : Got a haircut & straight razor shave last night at in the 3rd Ward. Highly recommend if you need a cut or shave.
Anchorage it is official...we have sunshine! Let spring begin and please, please for the sake of our eyes wash your cars and trucks!
i give up. i'm going to go take a nap.
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH I WAS AMAZED. Us and our crazy facial expressions.
Where do I get a Barrett/Mitchell sign?
I thought that was only me!!(: lolol
happy birthday!
You too Martin!!!!
Got my mobile settings working..ish. Tech is a godsend!
How about "the minister switching sides, in G's mistress's compound, with the gilded automatic"?
Wondering if is good for you? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable about it, w/ , , and more on Fri!
Actually, yday House Dems intro-ed Senate bill in House as HR3743 #NoMoreExcuses MT The Reid bill is in the Senate
We're going to Puerto Rico for the holidays! See ya in 2010 New York!
Luv My Undies is offering 15% off womens and mens undergarments for Diversity Platinum cardholders!!!!!!
I'll cry. Turkish fans don't care why? Please answer. TURKEY! PLEASE! PLEASE ! <3
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath
what about all electronic devices need to in the "off" position? :)
Reconnected with an abandoned poem tonight and discovered its heartbeat, alive & musical. Cuembe laced within. Yo amo mi
There's no future in time travel.
The hardest thing about robbing a train now a days is finding a place that rents cowboy outfits and can keep a secret.
Obedience happens when we trust God more than ourselves.
Omg I miss you (:
I'm so serious lol but okay :)
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Your article can be in the format of frequently asked questions
#turntoyou is such a beautiful song<3
Happy Leap Day! A whole extra day to explore or come see Use it wisely.
Watching Money Ball. I love smart movies.
SEE YOU IN DENVER TONIGHT St Patricks day Shenanegins!!!!!!!!
Sarah and i are going to watch the starwars series, she has never seen it, should we watch it 123 or 456?
Very early, but here's the #MLB attendance standings with the #Phillies leading the avg attendance per game. Avg MLB tix $27
I use Plume for twitter on Android. Like it a lot.
I really make a mean cup of coffee. Why, this one just called me fat.
Listening to Calexico con Iron and Wine , working on a conference presentation.
RT : Features kill websites. Let's go for experience.
Good luck in your search. The DTWatch was most entertaining. :)
your suppose to stareat it then blink really fast at a wall :)
so todays the last day in florida. how sad....
Getting tired of hearing about e-readers and the companies who own them. Remember when the book was the subject of interest?
Editors over 40 at my company are unceasingly paralyzed with fear of SEO, keyword tagging & social media use.
Do you need a second opinion?
Heya what's up?
Pierre escargot.
Noted.... Im just getting off. Soon I get 2 the house & out the shower I'm gone call. For the record tho; I haven't got a call
Soon. RT : Over/under on when they stop having FoxTrax up for every pitch?
i love ur long hair will u marry me maryse ?
party rock. im actually on twitter. like on my laptop.. woot. hello world(:
If they ask me 1 mo time, when I'm gonna use this bubble bath!!!
Women know how to fake smiles. Men know how to fake feelings.
On the break both to go
Bout to head to tha game
what is ?!
yes Bella dog you've been hacked :( I rcvd the message too
R.I.P Joe Frazier
i know it's insane!!!
Riggins cut his hair off?!
The Office = Awesome.
Why YES. Yes it is. Although I've had 1 lg cup of coffee & now moved onto a lg Mt Dew ;)
“: Putting the pro in procrastination this week.” <<-- I can relate.
News Leonard, Kim, Stenson tied at Disney Henrik Stenson and Justin Leonard are part of a three-way tie at Disney in the fin
That's false marketing like a weave that looks too real
Google plans to launch a music service in India to help users search for legal online streams & downloads to combat rampant digital piracy.
sweet its always a good time at #FatFalfas maybe will join us Saturday night for cheap beer and movie
Could you set your viewport to 640, and just multiply all other dimensions by 2? Hacky, but might work.
Okay then if not Vinny is a cute Llama!♥
Hope everyone had a fabulous weekend! What did YOU do?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 18
idk if will be okay with this he might spear you and take you back to his tribe
OH NO HE DIDN'T. Chris Lynch, CEO of Vertica (recently acquired by HP) just connected Lady Gaga & velocity
Thank you!
Keep an eye out for Pluralism & Unity board's new program FULL DISCLOSURE, launching November 7!
You hot sexy guys out there should follow this chick... me, so go follow :)
well, I'll take what I can get.
me too!
IF THIS COUNTRY'S GOV. IS OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE THEN WE CAN'T BE BROKE, THE COST OF THE CAMPAIGNS PROVE THAT!! lol !!
Got a cake 4 my bday, someone takes it without asking, shares it and leaves me with none
Me. If that even matters.
"Imagine" by Jonah Lehrer. It's about creativity, pretty interesting, easy editorial tone.
no and believe me...I've got a good reason.
Thanks for RTs!
i need my cousin sheem to let me get that id damn
Great events meeting with today. BIG stuff coming this Summer!!
Early crisp morning w
RT : How much Dirt is there in a Hole tht is 2 feet by 3 feet by 4feet???? (There's no dirt, it's a hole!)
for WTF Wednesday with $1500 to give you. Come kick it if you looking for a party!
Really enjoyed my day ...went to two church services n thanks to sum friends ate good been a blessed Sunday, wats gud twitter
My biggest remodel is she is beautiful, talented, and AWESOME! Somehow I wish I can somehow I could meet her just one day
Lying to me?
lol! u right though
#BestPickUpLines "I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?"
Consideration: wireless access--other devices were not allowed on the network (on lockdown)
At the Kingdom of the Sun watching hoops. Always trying to find players.
Q: how to make donors feel appreciated? A: communication outside of asking, explicit thanks, building relationships
it's funny. I never got a message but just saw this. Probably because we r on diff planets
I have no words for this. Y'all are crah-zeeeeee. But happy birthday, either way ;)
Tonight im performing @ the world famous comedy store 8433 sunset blvd. In the belly rm shw @ 9
o Nap Wednesday. Let's make it official.
$5 Pubwhiches all day until midnight! Choose form one of 10 delicious sandwiches like the Salmon BLT, Veggie Cheesesteak or Rueben!
If Twitter and Facebook were school subjects, my parents would be so proud of me.
I would be in for rounding up some DC bloggers for #thingsimafraidtotellyou posts..breath of fresh air!
They call me dr. Feel good
Happy Halloween!
The stone was rolled away from the door, not to permit Christ to come out, but enable the disciples to go in. Peter Marshall.
Okay it's bed time for me! Thought I could pull an all nighter but apparently after five days of three hour sleep my body decided To sleep
Dawgg, U Fucking rule!!! I Worship You!
We'll post it in our events :)
Bahahaha!!! I love it!
I love watching Go #snowboarders Andy and Tommy!
morning! How are you doing this morning?
amen! It's getting old
Any word on how many living Medal of Honor recipients there are? 60 has to be a large %age.
Good weekend, my brother. Macadellic on repeat. I'll get at you soon, gotta get this graduation ceremony down in the record books
triangles are my favorite shape
THANK YOU! If it weren't for pink bats, I would never know about breast cancer!!!!!!
Apple has only 8.8% of cell phone market, but accounts for 73% of cell phone profits. So why has their stock been going down?
#askthechief. What is law on unconcealed carry?
Fuck Valentine's Day :|
lol well thanks for being concerned...I think
Hate netflix
Mary Poppins is a TT! LOL. When I was little, I used just to sit there and watch it again and again all the day.
"What is your long term pension plan?"
the tweet I responded to was an angry one... someone obviously pissed you off haha
Aw, you couldn't have told me earlier? I just bought some. But I guess I can still return it.
The girl who made my sandwhich sucks ass at making sandwhiches
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
well i was supposed to go to california/L.A on the 20th, but amazing news, we're leaving friday after schooll. i'll be gone till Febuary!!
It's good thing I am not court side right now! :)
Curiosity piqued and peaked (and plateau'd). You'll let people know once it's ready?
Thank you Kodesh!
My score is 27. I improved it by 14 points over the past 30 days! ~ This is pathetic I think I like Klouchebag better.
4 DIY Compost Bins You Can Build in One Day VIDEOTreeHugger - bins
Dropped passes were a killer to K-State
that was a dumb statement considering bane is in it. Bane will steal this one just like the joker did in last one.
eff that. Don't let other people determine your self-worth. Best to learn that now instead of later.
Please follow me ?:))
Wassup cuzzn how you been...Aint seen you n a while...
Go follow my twitter buddy !!!! :DD
Sweats today ?..yep
Going to see Jane's Addiction & The Duke Spirit tonight at Bass Concert Hall. It should be a fun show that won't make me feel old, right?
Welcome! Followed you over from Twitter. We LOVE beardies! :)
Thanks Tommaso! I hope you are well and we can catch up soon.
What makes celebs think of their music videos? They're always so rare.... High?
Much less dramatic, "The Brazilian Lieutenant's Woman."
Where are you guys? Your website is being taken over by the spammers. Come back to us!
Sorry if you got spammed by Facebook about our page yesterday. We tried a new feature of FB and it may have sent multiple emails.
don't hate the Heights ... we got it all!
can't believe i'm going to visit colleges next weekend. i still feel like a little kid lol
i already know yall do nasty stuff in public! Bt yeah get a room, and remeber to hide the condoms... Ha
Im having a good week but could u make it the best week EVER and reply?I <3 you so much!ur such a inspiration!
Just signed up for . Should be fun time in sunny St. Pete, FL. Will be my 4th conference this year!
your so pretty <3
Gettin it in @ 24 hour fitness. I am really not feeling this...BUT I gotta do it..
Happy birthday(: can't wait till next weekend;) #partytime🎉
Absolutely but not the way it feels divided. Politicians run on a platform of fighting the opposing party. What good is that?
Off soon to Facets Multimedia for free screening of imprisoned Iranian director Jafar Pahani's film The Circle.
Wow, that is quick! Did you stick to the 550 calorie diet as well?
but Harry needs to come back to new york so I can see him again..
What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy.
Just waking up n da mornin gotta thank GOD...
you should follow
love the avatar haha
she is just tired..she's fine
i actually love this ... i watched it again .. you have me hooked on this guy .
“: - we are filming a music video for here on sunday May 20 - would you like to be in it?”
Late Night Snack Aunt Jemima Pancakes & Sausage, Made In Nature Dried Pineapple, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Breakfast w/ mom, second breakfast w/ and , pie by Sarah w/ , and snuggles w/ Eddie
i make the most of it
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
So, do the Knicks bounce back and win tonight? Or get drilled again by the Heat?
miss you guys! I'm at 55th and madison now! Come to midtown and save me from mediocrity!
Damn, I don't remember Battleship ever being that cool.
one time I showed her a picture of my nephew, and she said she wanted to punt him across the football field...
I hope you find someone else that treats you nice, opens doors and pays the check :)
Hopefully we'll get to see you next Tuesday, if not before then!
Monks make common cause with Shaker Village - Concord Monitor
We have the "my Big Fat Greek Zombie " burger !
Do we have any fans who live/or would come to a show in PA, MD, DE, CT, VT or NH?! Let us know!
where are you from, girl? I'm following you, follow back? :)
I just love seeing them live and so will u now that u got the ETF bug.next show tweet me and we will meet up and
Any gigantic headbands Blair Waldorf style. Ugh I hate them.
Once there was a focus on pure motivation -- the rah, rah! you can do it! -- which is rather old school right now
o my gosh. You should have just seen how terrible it really was. Ruined the entire grammys
Thx for including me in your daily :)
it's kind of supposed to be awkward...it's also often the only time in a service that the (cont)
forgive, but never forget
Get a job. Go to school..Smh RT “: Lots of kids out here who should be in school. Lots of adults, too,hanging out. #ROC”
“: I hate when pencils have the erasers that just smear the writing. What's the point? (pun intended, I guess.)” Punny.
Yes! And out in the open too. RT : people still use Blackberry?
Phil Knight just read your Tweet and said no need to show up Monday. RT : Man I can't stand Duck fans.
Lil B really said the booty tasted so Nutrious. And that it was TASTY!! YUMMY!! SCRUMPTIOUS!!
For sure. This one is sponsored already so if they are cool with providing the space, we can update location.
"Success is dependent on effort." ~Sophocles
"All you need in the world is love and laughter. That's all anybody needs." August Wilson, born on this day in 1945
At school ready to get home so I can send dis girl dis beat to sing on :P
Just had a GREAT conversation with from Thank YOU so much for sponsoring our amazing #twSEA event!
Thanks Doug.
They're inside man! They're inside man. ...MAN.
Spending time with my princess >
Sadly, I'll have to leave for work soon.
Back home... waiting for bags at SFO.
GET.IT.DONE.SON!
Just can't stop bringing reality into the overly giddy discussion can you?
I wanna have a good chat with somebody! Blah! I'm too overworked. No time for socializing.
On way home now uh cause we have three year old :)
Awesome! “: Join Dollar Per Month with me. Make a small contribution each month and help change the world.
Love that my daughter refers to her V-Tech learner as her iPad.
she replied back!!! I'm fucking dying xD
lol im down... we can tailgate and pregame potluck... start a new tradition
“ “ Why does Gucci Mane's bottom lip look like a sidewalk?””
Lol but I dont understand the doubt! Yeah, Im about that life!
The ladies higher than the Sears Tower!!..lol. Well they celebrated well..lol
yeah for my bday, you should come through, i know you can use a break from tucson, haha
Feeling tired and Unmotivated today!
Thanks for sharing! Have U entered yet? :) RT: Sunbelt Snacks Giveaway: Enter to Win a FREE Granola Cereal Prize Pack (50 Winners)
I read them
I learned that a "drop" is 1/20th of of a cc. It turns out that US units it's 1/60 of a dram, and in UK 1/20 of a scruple.
anna wintour is my queen!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Hell yeah F Man U
My trust takes a while to gain, and is nearly impossible to REgain.
's piece for soprano (also playing piano) was exquisite. you would have loved it!
Doesn't matter the time of day the staff is always friendly! RT “: What is your favorite time of day to shop at Sprouts…and why?”
Pics or BS on that one. :)
I mean, in particular, alone in this world
This dog is going to make me scream
someone who likes 2 skateboard and im just following people
Breakfast tacos are the way to go
Went out to the beach for a drink and some live music. Ended up in a millionaire's boathouse playing music. Is this real life?
At church with Kristal Nyguen and the family :D get at me lol
Crow should be a starter based on what? they tried that, he had a 6 ERA, in AA.
made my Pinterest post go viral! Thank you for your help!
Replace Karl w/ Simon Pegg and #idiotabroad could be a movie.
Lol dont see anything boo ;) jkRT : lol you know how boxers have a front hole O.o ......... *takes DP down right away*
ah!!! He's a dance dad at heart! He will need to get in line behind the minis for a photo! Ha!
just catching up -- glad the conference went well! Congrats on the positive feedback!
i agree. I love Jimmy Page, along with Ted nugent and others.
#BoyzAreBack OMG THEIR BACK AH I THINK I' GONNA DIE!
Happy Easter everyone :)
People ask me what I'd most appreciate getting for my eighty-seventh birthday. I tell them, a paternity suit.
What have you been up to girly?
Dawg U need to come to the back of the bus tomorrow morning we need to show out again
tech attorney says a typical line to her cool-new-idea clients is: "You say data, I say breach."
Do you think Above The Peak should scrap wordpress and get onto tumblr?
RT : I didnt realize how white trash kokomo is.
I bowled a 156! But, really, who's keeping score.
Omg most hilarious SNL I've seen a while, every skit is on tonight. Lol
oh yeah! I forgot!! Have fun(: and we can do it whenever you have time! Just let me know!
oops. That was supposed to be tornado. :)
what happen???
I like your middle name
if you could only answer my Dms that would make my nifht better!!!
We are losing our top chef Christine Gallagher today. will miss you Christine. You're the best! Good luck.
Connection between business development & people finding jobs-who knew? But some still don't get it-any good stories out there?
Confess now, and here, if you have ever purchased something from J.Peterman. Owners of Mongolian horse-hair vests want to know.
ooh just look up where the county is and then see if it shows a map and we'll put the battle somewhere in the county
we're all anti-theory, u know?
Happy Easter and Passover Green Room! Is anyone celebrating this weekend? What will you be up to?
What kind of salad?
Let the April fools pranks begin!!
hey are you free this Sat?
I'm awake. That's a start.
Really love the new Lisa Marie Presley songs.And just read that she worked with Richard Hawley who i luv, on some of them.
-.- being pinned on the bed. And, he still doesnt like you?
on average, how much does a booking cost?
Filming a video with right now. Super excited for this shot!
We are looking for a donation of a gas stove for our Middle School program. Please contact us at (561) 533-9917 if you can help
you better make sure that you can pick up 02 2mar enjoy yourself
come on defense. get that ball out of there.
Working all day...true money gettaz over here!!!
AHAHAHAHAHA! You don't even know how hard this made me laugh! Are you surprised???
lolz when i had heard #wizkhalifa and #mindlessbehavior om #BE Tawards11 i fell hard on the floor
Credit score is perhaps the most important component in determining one’s mortgage eligibility.
lalalalaaaa AVENGERS TONIGHT. finally getting in the loop
Pilsen Community Market with
and I thought you gals were friends
“Content is King!” - Bill Gates
I only get excited about the Superbowl when years the Niners DIDN'T get to the playoffs. I still feel the Sting...
Great game ADS!!! Bring on the Heat!!
I am His! He is mine!
Thank you for talking some sense into me 4th period I LOVE YOU.
#WHITNEY HOUSTON WAS THE GREATEST..... YOU WILL BE MISSED!
its beautiful!
What's your favorite spot on campus?
Good luck
I LIKE CATS! They taste like chicken
because I know I don't have a cold, only a sore throat & I had a fever earlier :( whats the cure?!
Brie Loskota says "I was actually 12 (in '92) and I am 32 now." Just like Manuel Pastor!
Likewise! I love your message - very important! Have a wonderful weekend!
Tomorrow night's showcase at Gypsy Cafe closes out a month of 10 events for Songwriters in Seattle! More fun to come in October...
some models are ugly and always remember "fuck the naysayers cause they don't mean a thing" 311 brings good vibes
so fake big Sean
sweet dreams.
Back in lex and waiting for my date to come pick me up :)
We've extended the deadline for poetry submissions to midnight! Send 'em in. <100 words, <2 submissions/person. Topic:"the first."
Very important, ninja skills have surpassed bow hunting skills as of late. I would like social goodness! Womp!
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!:)
check out & 's remiz of #BothOfUs its brilliant (:
Really could go on a tweet rage right now, but I'm just not feeling it.
If someday an out-of-his mind guy decides to propose to me....the proposal has to be over the top, fa'sho
EW. I HATE SCHOOL. #summer #summer #summer!!!
huts and people with spears and they have witchdoctors instead of hospitals. They also think that we're better off because
I just started reading Hair Story: Untangling The Roots of Black Hair in America. I hope it is good.
“: 🎉 rock is in the 🏠 2⃣🌙, everybody just have a 👍🕑. #LMFAO” Spots Dance 2012 haha
i honestly dont like the timeline on facebook
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
Work is for sukkas!
Mafalda? R u there?
GOOD MORNING BABY
Im like an onion, I make you cry.
What are you most excited about at this year's Kihncert??
But first, walk around to all of the rummage owners and collect some coin since people will be buying more thanks to you!
Thanks for the clarification! Hope you're enjoying #ideadetroit!
I already answered before as Swe/Ger hybrid for "breadbasket" as far as I can tell.
"Don't settle for Christian. Be salt. Be light." Thanks to Andy Stanley for this message. Happy Sunday everyone.
LOVE that song!!
Grading Arthurian-lit test. Standard "gotcha" question: who steals Guinevere away in Layamon? (It's only Lancelot in later works.)
SURF REPORT: 04/06/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft thigh to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 59-61°F
I wish I was good enough. :'(
was it mario?
Ann Arbor is beautiful in the spring.
Hour nap. Then job interview.
Taking applications for a volunteer leadership position to organize tutoring for foster kids in OKC metro area.
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can. -Jimmy Carter
Talk sh** get hit
“: hello my Frenchy missing you :-)))) big kisses”missing you too my beautiful friend.
Nah, it's over anyway. ;) Ha.
is it safe to say that he won't be living in 10 years let alone 50? something just screams
Last night I made a Google+, & a myYearbook.
Getting really jelly that my favorite people and are out with out me
Leaving for the #brewer game - if ur going, maybe see u there!
I love the blind side. Probs a new fav...
!!! “: I am ready to get this day over with”
hope you had a wonderful day! <3
i'll admit it, i'm an asshole, not an antagonist.
Common mistakes of amateur writing at the craft level? What a short story (vs a novel) should accomplish?
Neva had a headache like how I have right now...........
Why do I always mess shit up ..
Sure. That and a tube of Super Glue would do it. Great Luck on the final, then we do the SwanBoat!
Arizona abstract artist, Tim Hovde, is always looking for exposure through galleries & museums, please contact me - www.timhovde.com
it happens!
#SPED grad work should include a course on data collection. How to do it and why it's important. Many teachers lack training in this area.
you never fail to make me laugh
i keep telin that he not makin it to 2018
holy drunk ex boyfriend text that was a fucking mistake
You are welcome ! I'm a girl ma
where you been bro
turn on the AC cheapskate.
Ebooks aren't print books...but we sure treat them that way. Especially when looking to revise US #Copyright mandatory deposit law.
Okay Lamborghini mercy, your chick, she so thirsty
Happy Mother's Day! Treat your Mom to some Do Hwa :)
Great to wake up & see your face this A.M. You have a nice voice, too. Take care of yourself.
Im wishing you an AWESOME race and weekend J!!! I know your ready!!
I stand for what I believe in and do not censor myself, I don't give a fuck how other people take it.
good tape. cant wait for the next one
Our webcam lessons allow even private guitar students at our LA studios keep up with their lessons, even while on vacation!
He's great. What a fun night. Felix CG to top it off maybe? Hope so.
Wouldn't miss it! See everyone next month.
BOS G Ray Allen (ankle) is listed as doubtful for Tuesday's Game 2 against the Hawks.
meatballs prepared with love.
Have we seen the last of Stan Van Gundy?
- you get em?
START NEW YEAR W/ $$$ STOP BY GET FREE LOTTO TICKET! ENTER VALENTIMES DAY DRAWING ! FREE ! WIN MK WATCH,MASSAGE SESSION, WIN CATIER LOOK !
just found out he has two hours of standup on Netflix
Mom I want to be just like you one day. You know make a good breakfast! My 7 year old son.
go hang out at slick rock at the end of the day.
very true good point. As a coach which 1 of the 3 do you have him defend to keep him out of foul trouble and fatigue
Nice way to start the weekend. Ten mile run followed by a dip in the pool. Funny how your thoughts can go on those long runs. Productive.
What the fuck is going on in #silverlake ? There are snipers on the buildings and no one can get in or out of certain neighborhoods...
Very neat Chanele. Simple and pretty.
Never reject anybody in ur life because good people give us happiness & bad people give us experience !
Going out for a change.
' #OccupyUSA Not in my name! #TroyDavisLives!!!
I got you
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women in my life! May today bring great joy to each of you!
thanks for your support. Look out for our second issue coming out soon!
Last day of summer vacation. :'( I'm am very SAD
I can't feel my nipples!!!
Feel free to bring it and ....
Love the new single!! Your voice is incredible ;-)
My foot is asleep.
Small line putsode Verizon store for Thunderbolt.
thanks for the invite
For all my friends that can no longer find their pop-up Haggadah in time for Passover (or is that just us?), the has arrived!
So happy about/can't wait to meet baby Lewis!!!! , we're aunts and uncles!
no problem! imo the dvds with hebrew subtitles r good bc u can pause / look up words. helped me maintain comprehension
Yo u gotta a baby on da way? How u gonna tell yo momma or did u already?
I just discovered the wonders of kale! It's awesome!
Great! I will have to brush up on my British pop culture to score any higher. Or I should move there....I like that option best.
Thunder outside, hurricane inside.
tweeting from the car while on the ride to church
Umm.. I guess that would depend on your definition, she was not young when she had me. over 30.
Great and yourself?
I need to go on an adventure ... I need to shut off my phone and get away from everything!! Who's with me??
Reading "It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be" by Paul Arden. Amazing book full of inspiration and thought provocation.
i love you so much! and yes, you'd be a very sexy chellupa! ;)
No, its not understood by ESPN//RT : Understood..RT : but it was a loss after a tradegy Erin...
had a great time hanging out with Mrs. Alan Lee this afternoon at MGM Grand.
nice sun chips loser
I will once I get one.😉
Just felt a TEMBLOR. Now to launch the USC DISASTER APP designed by the folks at CST!
Woodson out. Collarbone injury
some days pass too fast!
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
I want something/someone to entertain me :)
Yea, it was definitely a helpful article and by the way thanks for the retweet!
Robbie and I are eating "Cuties".... yummy
Uh oh... Claire found "Angry & Unlikable..." by the local paper....
how many canoes does your father own? I'm tryna sell my van for two on craig's list....
First to worst 2012 brewers
Thnx! We have been getting great reviews! We have lowered the digital downloads to $6.99, if you're interested! Have a Good Day!
can't wait to see you girl (;
Drake week<3 so excited!(:
Indeed Principal Haygood is a YAH send! Shout out to all the great teachers at BRICK AVON Academy.
#BELIEBERS we are the craziest fans someone has ever had hahaha #itsBelieberthing <3
Almost bedtime! Heading up to the shop first thing in the morning. Good night!
So thunder is coming up.......
alright dude, good :) ha
How in the name of ____ did Team France qualify for the World's? They don't even have a shot against Borat & team Kazakhstan.
Let's go somewhere. See where it takes us.
GOD MORNING PEOPLE! !!
The huz made me breakfast in bed... beotches. So ha!
Do girls really like guys with Kalon? Really? Please say no.
what genius made this call? RT : Former Western Michigan University & current Packers star Greg Jennings throws the first pitch
Wishing all of you a great weekend. www.globalpointpr.com
Follow and much love
: arriving at JFK after weeks away to gorgeous weather and my first listen of the new Battles album makes me miss Brooklyn. Like a lot.
what a beautiful night =)
Thanks for the follow ;)
When life gives you lemons, tell your friend to eat them just to see their face.
Then call me when you're in the area, you harlot.
haha(: I wish I was going to see Austin in June)':
yup....they did what they had to
cool concept.
I don't get why it's not playing everywhere, that's stupid.
Wrapping a baby up in a blanket to where the baby looks wrapped in a cocoon shape!
same payouts - ive witnessed someone win $5000 AFTER i played. talk about a kick in the gut
Omg I have a smile from cheek to cheek. #cantstopsmiling #thankyou #youmakemesmile!!!!!! Ah!!
Tx for the input.
u should post a pic of your car!!! i wanna see(:
I'm not used to caring this much about basketball. This is killing me.
we had really good guard play from our freshmen, they're the base and the new guys will mesh well, focused on bigs in 2013
Well Dam... No Please?
Attendance in Cleveland 8135 ... and that's WITH the busloads of Power fans.
I'm so fucking dead right now my little brother asked my dad what a song was my dad said "Seduce My Twinkie" dead
follow back
Haha #veryinteresting ": “: Courtney is so fake.” haha apparently this is said a lot... #interesting”
I WILL KILL THEM, CHUCK!!! I WILL! RT : Bill and I just got hit by a flying cup Of beer
Hurt me with the truth, but don't comfort me with a lie .
"I'm just dumb, not malicious."
was it a post about yr kid again? If so, man! We would have had hits for days!
Angel was one of the most Amazing doggies ever!! Angel will be missed. I love you Angel.<3
must b nice lol
thank you!!!
Avengers is the best action movie I've ever seen!! It's a got to see movie! (:
My birthday is in a few weeks and if you would follow me,that would be the best birthday present!
He loves to show off that scar
In 1899 & 1900, electric cars outsold all other cars & the most popular was the Columbia built by the owner of American Bicycle Company.
Planning my "Carol Ann McCracken's McTupperwareness Party!" outline now. I'd be delighted to enter your home and "Seal in Sarcasm."
Uhm, what bitches?
Let's
come see The Bellmen
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The #monsterenergydrank machine is down! :(
RT : I am so happy the press conference and launch event for the "Status is Everything" campaign was fab!!!! YAYYYYY
what timing
I got 3 pillows on my bed but I need to buy some more. I love alotta pillows. Cuz I sleep alone :/ #MyLonelyAss lbvs
it's freaky!!! Your 9 year old sister??!??!she watches a lot of like... Bad... Shows
I had a blast today at Hunter Hayes Concert at 12th&Porter!! He is soo sweet and soo talented:))
FYI: & I ran the 6k this morning and had a super speedy, super fun run. Thanks for the encouragement!
I wanna play miss Mary mack Mack Mack all dressed in black black black
Beautiful & amazing tribute to Whitney by Jennifer Hudson.
Its not up to me anymore. If you want me in your life, you'll find a way to put me there
Gas prices are higher than my GPA..
So many siblings, so many chores
Hope you're having fun today!!
Outside Winter Park, CO.
Yes, I was puzzled by the admonishment of people not wanting to move to Nebraska or SD. DUH. But, many of my students are….
Holy shit. That is awesome!
& haha its not even my birthday lmao... alex i dont mind!! lmao
RT : Etsy was a genius idea.
next Wednesday is stupid, we get out early. TOMORRROOOOOWWWW
Unvarnished Company Voices provide reality to emp brands and impact their products and services...
Should an All-Female MMA Fight Card Have &quot;Ring Card Boys&quot; Instead of Girls? Fan&#39;s View
RT Being motivated by compassion and love, respecting the rights of others – this is the real practice of religion.
No, balls are almost always round.
the episode should be called "delena" LOVE RT <3
#BecauseOfObama I realized the #democrats & #republicans work for #banksters and lobbyists and not the people.
do they need anymore people?
We cannot escape fear. We can only transform it into a companion that accompanies us on our exciting adventures. -Susan Jeffers
#henryville science teachers get to hand-pick lab supplies, materials to replace what was lost in tornado. See what they got on #fox59 at 4!
3 words, 8 letters, 3syllables, 5 vowels, 3 consonants, 2 nouns, one emotion,many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I LOVE YOU!
Kiperized for one more night
I do have to say,, Jeepers Creepers is a choice pick for a movie to be on right now. Thank you.
When did it get so cold again? NOT COOL mother nature
awww Happy Halloween
I almost slammed into the ground trying to do a tail whip on a 30 foot ramp gotta slow down lol
that's right. 1 day.
Good to have you back
every meal is always awesome with you! Was craving the chopped salad, can't get enough of that.
looking forward to meeting you tomorrow night, Sherri!
Done at the polls going door to door!
Traffic is cool when your car turns heads.
that Foster dude must love you.
I jus wana meet a girl wit no Xman issues..!
You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
if i made a cover of me singing a song would yoou watch it?;♥((:
just think if you and brandon come back with all the recruits we will hang that banner next year man
#20ThingsAboutMe; 7. I usually don't finish things I start.
Get in here for the game!!!
.She would shake off the reference, but I think we can begin pointing early to and her contributions already.
logie is in the shower, jamie is locking up the boat, i got blake tho cuz i was stuck changing him...he had fun tho
Congrats to the John Jay Award Honorees! They will be honored tonight at the John Jay Award Dinner for exceptional work in their careers
If Austin doesn't clip me soon, I think I will find a way to leave him!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. -Muhammad Ali
Wow, we're so impressed by the check-ins at Polling places! #Ivoted!!
imma be in Madison that day for a walk. what time is the game?
Shoes weren't made for walking.
and we are looking forward to seeing you too! tell yer friends!
except for the gout, you mean.
Colleague: "Why aren't you going to #cwcon?" Me: "It's a long story and the word 'jerks' appears several times."
A1 I don't have a huge sweet tooth, so I assume all of my friends beat me on this one!
Visited Star Spangled Banner today at Smithsonian and I was moved by small group of children singing National Anthem spontaneously.
Ive decided to turn teh gey. It's a choice, right?
yeah but I look up and have no idea. My short term memory remember. Why do u imagine me in bed? I'm on a sofa :) eh? Eh? lol x
Thank you so much & !
Got back to some of the fans, awesome feeling. Tweet me and ill RT you!
So proud of BU/COM's performance in the 's #IveGotGame contest. Two teams of finalists, including the 1st place finishers!
Love Trader Joes
I better be seeing you at the party on Saturday ;-)
Been done tripping cause I already fell. #StartOver naw ill just pick up where I left off
I don't know if A-rod knows this but there is no such thing as a 5 run HR!!!! Just get a base hit you fuck we needed runners
Dine and dash with and This will be interesting...
cant wait for fair food.... hm
#Oscars #wine pairing: marinated pork roast with Traminette, gold medal winner at 2011 Tasters Guild Intl. Get red carpet ready.
Time to get our fat asses in shape Nightly walks are great<3
Eesh, I did miss it, unfortunately, but I'm going to read the book soon.
Writer's Block(-_-)
Walked again through Dupont Circle at 9PM,not snowing but real nice.
Tee! Good morning, lovely! Whatcha up to today?
And really cute!! :)
Spending time with my father in Mexico. He is certainly younger in spirit than I am.
I'm never talking with my retainer in.. Ever!! I have the worst lisp ever
I did. helped me out! Thanks!
Seeing the matinee showing for the avengers #cheapsuperfan ;)
Friends and family, DO NOT WORRY, there is a designated room in WPH for the administration to wait out the storm
Just heard a girl order a shot of frangelico and a Malibu with soda an orange juice.
At least I can say I stand for something
Well good day I'm outtie lmao
i havent seen u in a long time
Thank the sweet lord above it's a beautiful warm day on the Avenue, come to the B and enjoy a burger and a shake on our porch!
yeah, they are the bomb.
shut up Na
Haha that's great! :D i love twitter
Such a god weekend! Found the inspiration i needed
I haven't been DM'd a picture of a penis in almost 24 hours. WTF. /via
Can anyone explain the appeal of Taylor Swift? It boggles the mind...
yeah dude, you sand every single song that came on hahaha
Thanks for mentioning us among so many other great organizations in your #FF tweet.
Thanks! *high five* back at you! RT : *high five*
#kingofkings .... Take game one and don't look back.
k definately next game
its alright, defimitely different than anything else ive taken
So maybe I just fell asleep in the hammock for an hour. That's what they're for, right?
Grinding! You still down for this project?
Use new media tools wisely, urges Kibaki - Daily Nation
Gov Dayton has just vetoed a bill to allow people to buy more powerful fireworks...Dayton says he was swayed by opposition from fire chiefs.
In 10 min, it will officially be my Birthday. So as a present to me, I would LOVE for all of you to spread the word about !!
Move something!
Take us to school.
Two major steps in letting go 1. Change your thinking 2. Challenge your beliefs...the rest will follow.
Oh what a night!
just cuz we left doesn't mean ur better than us
yo mel-i think we need d.howard now 4REAL! wut u think-could it help?
Free Kiva account and free money to loan to give people their first Kiva microlending experience: goo.gl/qsRRu
is not a big proponent of leftovers.
for clarification: the press conference tomorrow IS NOT open to the public, please do not show up to the press conference
This weekend is gonna be wild.. I can't wait to see what all goes down :)
John Penniman designed the seal for beantown. bonus -latin motto translated: "God be with us as he was with our fathers"
When people start having conversations on your status.
Newt keeps calling the president a left wing radical and that he has been the most effective foodstamp president.
Leaves falling through light, Each agrees when to let go -- Blissful surrender
Satan is especially adept in taking out Christian leaders. - Michael Hyatt
Need to get the basics of using a computer? Try Gibson Lib's Beginning Computer Class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.!
Registration isn't open yet, will be this week. Separate course
Apple takes over the space once belonging to Kodak. The difference is Apple retails while Kodak displayed plumage.
They tell me I have a 176 million-to-one chance in the #MegaMillions tonight. So they're saying I have a chance.
Sang Frosty the Snowman & Rudolph in the car with Myla this morning. Cause nothing says summer like Christmas carols in June.
There's always duct tape..
Good Morning BF's
bring on the oats!
it's ok Stop apologizing
I'm doing that tomorrow. Gotta pace myself.
well done!
He must drive a BMW made in SC! RT : SEND ARLEN SPECTER TO THE BORDER WITH SOME BIRTH CONTROL PILLS
If he makes Milton guest speaker, he can at least get a tongue in somewhere.
I just got 2 people off unemployment and food stamps this week!! How? Vacant homes, 1000's of them across America equal jobs America!!!
I make u call me daddy, even tho u ent my daughter ☺ ". #DaisyLove ☆
Good morning my fellow country music fans!!!
pumped for learning how to accomplish world domination at this conference
Do I work at the library? Yes, but not if you catch me doing something bad.
Glad im off tonight kuz I ain't been to sleep yet
When I lay with you, I could stay there close my eyes...feel you here forever..you and me together nothing gets better <3
well I am good finder
Haha my bf has one...buy just for internet, he never uses it.
who is tricky T
Still can't believe Adam Yauch is gone. Beasties are legends. Huge part of my life growing up.
Game Day Notebook: Pacers put whistles out of their minds
There are blessings happening in your life that you don't even know about yet!
we don't have a specified date yet... When we do we will let you know
I'd rather things be complicated than boring.
Why must people who work at spas have the precision of piano virtuosos and the rage of Mexican cage fighters?
My fingers they inching they itching form that paper
thank you so MUCH. I wanna share the link off BHXSHOPS!
Damn when the sixers play again
watched the new GI Joe movie - the best part was my when wife sees "Storm Shadow" and calls him "White Snake"
Hey, remember that time the #Royals outscored them 10-5 over two games in Texas? Ah, recent memories.
Everyday, my heart breaks more and more.
Jesus rose from the dead and the Rangers are gonna win tonight!
Always just a tad disappointed when I fly thru DTW and don't get to go thru that psychedelic tunnel thing
interesting final four picks. Who do you have winning the big kahunas?
Ham Saturday!!! On it.
dude. I was quoting Titanic.
hahah who broke whose heart?! Did we say that?!
Chilling, grilling panini. Time for 6ft under...
Hiding from fests of all sorts art film etc in the garden however
Left is Right | The academic left’s intolerance - The Boston Globe
Do you have an Android device now, or will you be getting one this year? What influences your decision? What is the future of the platform?
#MoveOn does not speak for #OB is just a safe space for Direct Democracy. Thanks for keeping us honest.
RT : #FF some of our favorite smart marketers!
the NFL draft is not about selecting the best players. it's about making a splash.
fuckkk I know. -.-
makin that cheese, and smokin dat weed
I am on board, but if we start another receiver movement and we sign a special teams ace I might go crazy!
I'm being blessed with the opportunity to do what I love everyday. Dad was right, I have payed the piper his peck and now I get the picks!
THAT MUST BE AWESOME!
2/27/1776->MG Ward:Should the Enemy get those Hills would render it difficult to dispossess them—better it is to prevent than remedy an evil
ohh sidewalk and iPhone, the original Romeo and Juliette.... I assume the masons will be out to repair the sidewalk soon?
Yes it was! Love u 2! RT “: My presentation was wonderful....thanks to for coming support me.....love u”
are you a friend of his love? :)
Ohh Dear, I've got my eyes set on you too.
I think ima do major shoutout for al the people i love on twitter♥
The new Three Stooges movie isn't in 3D? Might result in a lot of poked eyes, I guess.
Huge fan here! I admire your gift and how much you help others! What an incredible job ;)
In NYC, that would be weird!
the book is about a mindset & even the movie was episodic. I've got Sorkin on the brain, but even still it makes sense.
Had an amazing birthday and I can't wait to see what this year has in store for me! Blessings to everyone :-)
Margaritas or Mint julips??
Gorgeous day out!!!
Club Curve downtown Houston every FRIDAY night 21 and up . Sexy ladies & great drinks! 410 Main!! Check it out on
Hm go to ur twitter sittings um RT : Itd want connect,!
Looks like #Santorum didn't want to be embarrassed losing in his home state. Good riddance. We don't need a president from the 17th century.
Cuttin Edge barber shop open all day tomorrow kids cuts 7$ adults 10$ all even. 2100 seymour ave. Best barbers in the Nati.
All that glitters is not gold. - Shakespeare
sadly, spending this beautiful weekend morning in the office writing lecture on the Plague. Ugh.
Sounds like a plan and would love to connect with you.
sick.tired.upset :( im gonna watch a movie and hopefully fall back asleep, fuck today!!l ->KimBeezy<-
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
Rob Wilson: the next Jeremy #Lin?
omg lucky!! i'd love to go on #Legna EU Tour
My son just asked if I'd rather be rich and depressed, or poor and happy. What would you rather be?
Dreams Awake won Best Feature Film at the Awareness Film Festival in LA this weekend.
ok Pittsburgh. Ok <3
The only time we don't speak is during sex and the city
thank you kindly. We have great photogs & I'm really happy if we can make their work shine more
Christmas ate 's phone :(
At the M Resort Pool! So beautiful! Waiting for Chris Issak....
since the contraceptive debate began, the leading voices have been men. Even Republican women aren't speaking out in support of this madness
Bruins PowerPlay struggles...Who's gotta go? Is the blame on coaching or personal? Call in 888-205-2263 to get involved!!
Successful trips too the mall>>>>>
How many bitchz have came at Kim 16yrs. later she's still making music&touring! U need 2 back off before u get stung by da bee
Gonna have to drink more #Starbucks for their awesome support in the right for equality in marriage for all!
HOT!! Awesome jewels <3
Never mistake my silence for weakness. No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Happy 2012! A new year with new possibilities!
Love the network-good luck tonight
it is so tempting! ;) Tweet ya laters girlie!
Thanks #NP The Carter IV since Ur tweets had it playing in My head
up to 65% off !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Develop a passion for #learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow.
aye' my nigga . Let's go jump trailer trash while we at it ( ;
This. Fucking. Weekend.
Who ever thought that Bob Dylan could sing?
That awkward moment when you see your mom after you get in a fight with her..
Truly nothing more inspiring than people saying "No, I think I CAN do that!"
definitely worth the matinee :) sorry i won't be at #cwcon, but between G12 and #rsa12, i'm at my personal limit for travel
Just saw old accord with back seat cut out like el camino!
. what a play! This kid is crazy good. Thanks for sending this back to Boston!
My belief is stronger than your doubt
why is this a discussion?! One could say why aren't there any Hispanic, Asian or any other nationality as a head coach
Loving this men's semi final match between Djokovic and Federer. Great tennis. :)
Back to back
Missing someone hurts, but knowing that they don't miss you hurts even more. RT
you must of taken that new youth pill.. lol ..kinda like the new bay its called the "new youth" alot of older rappers r using it
thanks for coming!
“: had a great time tonite as usual!!! #Cheers where everybody knows your name” appreciate you.
That sounds intentional -_- RT : Fresh can respond to everybody else tweet but mine smh
That was a VERY stupid thing that Mike Smith just did. Very dangerous slash on Brown
good thursday morning gmg1961, have a great day
you guys know if will be showing the derby Real Madrid-Barcelona on Saturday?
Just got back from a great workout! Feeling great for a good start for a Saturday!
#TripleDouble for great game fam!!! Go
On to start another fun-tastic work week.
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing.🎵
Oh my god he didn't.....l
great information at #utdgsa meeting -- and always excited to talk about upcoming
Happy Passover :) I'm going to try to be good this year!
American Haunting is such an awsome show.
Too many nicely designed furniture store sites to go with an ugly one or trust it is real.
We certainly do ;)
omg awesome!!! So happy for you!!
yes & when u do it's gon be the best feelin ever... I have my Trey moments just no 1on1 pic yet
Congrats #SFGiants on the sweep of the Pirates! Great game!
#KeithDuffy just walked into a door , granted it was in Harley st but that's all i know.
Seriously can't stop thinking about moving into a bigger rehearsal studio. Let's hope it happens tonight!
#OOMF always on some bullshxt....ANYWAYS!!! *rolling my eyes*
I want to finally watch all the Harry potter movies. :c
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals If you call referees "zebras" around an actual zebra, it'll bite you to punish you for the insult.
Thought of the Day 2: Heart monitoring tests should be provided to collegiate and professional athletes for free promoting safe preventions.
It's "LSU day" @ the schools- meaning you wear LSU colors. So why did Chase try to leave house in an OSU shirt? #truefan #can'tblamehim
Day 24: UWM's campus. In all its compact, urban, brutalist splendor, it is one of my favorite college campuses.
so glad it's the weekend. i had one student in my second class tonight. ONE. only a little awk.
No matter what I do, I'll always love you.
i Love Islam
...dont ya know son when it pours it rains, Hard Times. - Ryan Bingham
lol very true just dont tweet them. anything but that
If you have a need, work hard for it. Don't let others do it for you. Never fool a loving heart and use them to fill your needs.
just read that Justin Timberlake is a Packers fan....he is welcome here ANYTIME :)
yup. I'll be there by noon.
Well, that's one way to make "World Peace" a trending topic aorund the world. Haven't seen the play yet, but it sounds nasty.
While I was away, it seems that Roomie readers have nominated that Roomie-hater "Death" as the website's pet troll. I love my readers.
I think it looks fine! Are you doing a tall one? For a side bar?
Definitely a tailgate if I heard one! RT : Drinking a Boon Geuze in my kitchen. Tailgate?
Awed at the ignorance of ur callers. $16trillion in taxes?? REALLY? Sometimes cspan ought to ask callers to pass a competency test
Got my phone service back today, smh, these monthly payments
How about this? A student wants to withdraw from a class that's been over since January-rather than keep the F on their record
and joe_lacava Thanks much.
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
We should! you me cat and tabbz?
on tumblr yea
Movies start today-- the Grinch & other animations at 3, It's a Wonderful Life at 730. All tickets $5. Thx to One Source FCU!!
I tried those beef olive things. What have I been missing?!
Going to be featured on the artist spotlight on Jelli Radio! :D
Affeldt's up.
ah makes sense
no thank you. Don't like em
re: women workers. when i am in those spaces i sometimes ask to speak with a woman. just to see what happens. :D
That last pitch is when u know Tex is just Off. 89 RIGHT down the middle, and he fouls it off the Other way... Sad..
Jerzday in effect
&this is why i spend everyday with my dance girls
“We couldn’t be more proud of you today.” –SPH Dean John Finnegan
Can I be your 11:11 wish? ;D
ProTools test in the morning....GN folks
Check-In today using your Yelp or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
Or rather, break down?
Thanks and I hope they do!
just get a blanket
How I sneeze: "HSUIDFHWE" *leg in the air*
The "With Friends" app developers need to buy "Dice" and make it better.
True unfortunately (Nuggets fan here) the Spurs are so far ahead of any team in the west,it's sad
#Twi2012 Emerging markets are more resilient to global crises than ever before notes Eswar Prasad.
Working on vox for for the rest of the night. Follow us like us wtv you wanna do.
This is a horrible story Mr. Schue. Unless your dad was abusive.
If you had talent, you wouldn't need luck.
If I don't reply, It's because I don't want to talk to you. There really is no need to continuously text me.
Confederacy had belligerent rights.
Death Eaters from #HarryPotter invade
Now she's about to graduate and I couldn't be more proud. 😊
Got some really fun revision stuff done today, I think. is pretty much a genius as a crit partner.
Yeah, but if you play multiple games with multiple people, then what would you call it?
That is only because it makes no sense to me one to try and upset anyone is lame expescialy if it's such a lil thing :p hmn
"I'm waiting around while you're working it out. So you won't be able to be sad." ::break and repair method::
Find myself Biting my Lip every time he Passes :)
Damn you T.H.Houghton!
album says "Recorded in a bathroom and hot, sweaty room, Philadelphia. Overdubbed in bedrooms, Seattle and Los Angeles."
Happy birthday peace love and much happiness!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew exactly what I do on the weekends
I'm with Sheldon. It's O gauge or no gauge.
A positive out look brings a positive life! no regrets just learn from the past and keep it pushing cause "time" is impatient and so am I.
just joking
ok! 1... 2... 3! *tackles him* :D oh yeah he did and it was great. Sucks that I won't be at tomorrow's game (blame my mom)
Almost punched my dog in the face but dont worry #iloveanimals :]
Company Dancer Ice Cream Social tonight at 8:15pm. Yum yum! See you there!
Why does everybody blame a single man when this is a team sport. I think I've seen worse on every level tonight
its down loading.. now
my daughter and made the trip june 3rd to watch bosox && eat at the grill
Another abysmal showing - this is going to affect recruitment at BC for years - #firespaz now
RT RaceNewsUpdates & the money goes to MARTIN TRUEX JR!
Got 2nd it the 4X1 and 400m run. And third in high jump.
Every time I hear the word precious. I think of the lord of the rings lol
cant find my cat =[
I love dressing up like a cowgirl (:
I feel so proud to have moved to Cleveland from the Big Easy. Not!
Now THAT's what I call a Friday night! :)
I'm mad at how amazed Sandra is that I actually replied to her text. Lmao, if you have my number now is the time to text me! #IMREPLYING (:
I'm sorry we don't track that. ;)
Flying standby can be a blessing and a curse! From Denver to Dallas, now back in Denver...making power moves but stuck like Chuck for now!
Hi my Twitter friends
I am so ready for Sunday!
Today is not the day to be working all day and night!
Kicked into a one person Yobongo room again. So sad.
Maybe we can do it Together Parker! I'm in! Are you? Ha.
So....i hope everybody has a wonderful day in the hot sun!!
I stay up late every night and realize it's a bad idea every morning!
Next up on the #Horror #Geek movie marathon- "Doghouse" so far its a cast I like- Stephen Graham, Danny Dyer, and HP's Stan Shunpike
It's all good
There's no future in time travel.
#SometimesYouHaveTo grab her, pick her up, throw her on the bed, pull off her clothes, pull panties 2 the side,& just start fucking her good
I should go to bed. Unfortunately, this will require getting ready for bed, which I don't want to do.
Missed the gym today....that makes 20 years in a row....
To the team of : have very interesting story which is PERFECT focus for the show. Would love to know email more details. Thank you.
“: #Scorpio isn't afraid to fight back... & they never back down.”
Why am I waking up at 6 on a Saturday?
GOP & European socialism hv something in common: both propose austerity as a solution(so Europe had negative growth last yr). GOP listening?
I hope you all have a great Holiday season! TY for the follow and our book Bubble gum badge is making traction in the self publish market
I wanted to tweet about the beers I was drinking @ the boston beer summit last weekend but I left my phone at home. was my fav
it will also clean your house, cook you dinner, and tuck you in at night.
hopefully those 2 aren't skirts like u are 85 and they will have a cocktail or 3 tonight.
I'll send my thoughts, consider it squashed. Busy right now, but certainly the wrong guy to attack, I'll explain later.
hey you, yes you, no not you!, you right there, yes you,!,......do you like tacos?
Thanks Kelly! Have a great weekend!
lmaoo im good good, you? I finished school on monday so im chilling when I don't have work lol
Went to hot #yoga for the first time. Imma just lay here for the next hour.
thanks dear! Pleasure to meet you too!
GREAT point, B! RT : I don't understand why they won't let those people be miserable like everyone else smh
Yes, but if it's just a bracelet there shouldn't be any.
Sometimes it's nice to work on the weekends. Makes Mondays a lot more tolerable :)
Oh yay, after a terrible day of crying now my computer is going to die in about 3 minutes oh yay.
Thanks Donelle! Us too! RT : Looking forward to your 15th anniversary celebration this week Congrats!
Love that dusty rose gown on McCarty! Beautiful shape and that necklace is to die for! X
u make a skype yet? add me wen u do: briwade94
feed://attorneyjobfinder.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
Monday I watched a man dive to the pavement...today I have him to thank for my new lease on life.
The school bus driver who had a heart attack on his route has died. The kids who tried to save his life must be crushed. What do you think?
“The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have.”
Yes it is for free
Ill. House to Vote on Chicago's Red Light Camera Bill. Big Bill is not in favor of spying devices that catch you doing things you shouldn't!
If I unfollowed you then I either didnt like your tweets or I didnt like the way you treated people. Thanks -Caity xoxo
sweet baby Jesus please make the very unpleasant weather go away...Im sick of rain, and thunder, and lighting...Love Nicole :)
or Matt Jones
RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate*
TX is great at creating McDonald's jobs right now, WY/SD are creating energy good $$ skilled jobs. so it's even better.
Apparently she's annotating the correspondence of an American sculptor living in Paris, who kept complaining about the heat.
a song about food stamps lol
By the time a tweet is posted, there's another leader at The Masters. Unbelievable golf!
Thanks for the Review! It was lovely! -BAC
Just drank a Hot Chocolate in the middle of July! :)
on the brite side ,tomorrow u'll have 2 shiny nickles to rub together..lol
Sounds good!
Is there a place in Houston where they can remove scratches from an iPhone 4S??
You going to try and jump a little red wagon on that?
I'M LISTING PEOPLE 10 TIMES IF THEY FOLLOW --> PLEASE FOLLOW!!! AND LET ME KNOW YOU DID ;)
thanks darling! Here's to hoping... :)
So much fun. Love you fools.
Does anyone show more emotion after a big strike out than Cervelli? Nobody can say the guy isn't into the game.
I'm in the same boat! Done! lol
In this hoe jumping it's cold ass fuck
at hinterland?
Day 2: Medina, OH to St. Louis, MO. Lots of snow, but other than that an uneventful day! Seeing the sights and getting dinner in the city...
Very good movie
150 Pain Management Physicians to Know - Becker's ASC Review
I don't even know where to start with all of the things I need to accomplish. Okay, let's go.
napkins, toilet paper - whats the difference?
Not even close to enough. Certainly his past should precede him here. Rest of season at least imo
lmfao I most likely will
Unknown fast paced mystery movie. Bad guys get serious whooping. Liam Neeson wins again.
Yay. Lets Go.
Awe I have a lady lover :)
totally agree with you. our head is giving us 2 late starts for PD, and that was HARD to get.
I hate when people say, "I need my beauty sleep.." Bitch you need to hibernate.
They say...i say bah hum duck!
Yep it's beautiful! :-)
Have a great weekend peeps!
"Evil men do not understand justice, but those who seek the Lord understand it fully." Proverbs 28:5
Though he lost his opportunity to mention that Christ is his savior...he's got to start saying that more.
Hanging out with family this weekend. Next week will be busy! Lots of stuff to get done at work, home, and first week of Spring Term.
My prayers go out to the peeps in Japan... cali is due for one so be prepared!
idk you see me ?
Thanks. I've decided to fight if possible.
Madison fire: Officials expect crews to be on "fire watch" for flare ups throughout the day and into the night.
Let all who are under authority imitate these men and not obey those who give unjust orders. Bl Theophylact (Explanation of John 7:44-46)
“: Stealing my whole style, That's a #SwagBite” that
haven't i taught you anything? i leave you alone for ONE WEEK and what do you do... BRUNCH, and it's a POTLUCK?
IDK. daughter has her last indoor game, of which I am the coach...weighing the possibilities..may skype my coaching :)
Just concluded the in Las Vegas with hope to be back next year.
Not everyone around you is your friend.
Who's excited???
Until next year....GoodNite Oscar!
I was lucky to have met and played baseball with Gary Carter. It was a pleasure. RIP, Kid.
I don't need your entire life story. I can help you better, and faster, if you get to the point.
No farmer ever plowed a field by running it over in his mind. -George E. Woodbury
killed my penny!! #revengetime ;)
Follow me now and you'll keep pace. miss a step, and im gone.
Headed to Augusta - maybe I'll see Tiger Woods
What day is today? ;)
Today was not a high point. But seeing some of the things coworkers have built out in 'free' time has made things a ill better
are albino people from ireland
o_o LMFAO . My Friend Said He Was At A Wedding Yesterday And Saw This Thingy With The Bride And Grooms Name And Asked His Brother +.
lol yes! let's get it! I'm sure they will have a great summer vacation with that Cup
man, Lakers v Thunder is getting REAL
just got caught up w/ #Castle. Never saw promos. Took me 5 min to realize u & Adam worked together on #Firefly. Gr8 team up
Youth Foundation Booth is located at the entrance to the Racing Pigs. Raffle - Autographed SkyGlider Bench & many more 1 of a kind items.
Resources say that Apple is no longer going to produce the Mac Pro desktops.
Received my copy today. Can't wait to dig in.
": You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. -Taylor Swift"
I cant express how much I want to eat cheetos & doritos today. Those evil food corps sure know how to trick the mind into craving garbage.
so how much are the autographs?
I was watching it too! Aha ! (: haven't seen it in a while!
Banks give rich people a card that looks like a golden ticket to willy wonkas factory. Mine is like an expired queens public library card
Love the Daily Show... Samantha Bee "But nobody takes you seriously now... you're a blogger."
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha;-) when are you coming down here again?
"Greatness" by that you mean Lebron James lmao the heat aint shit with out Lebron. ive said it plenty
Probably gon go Sell at like noon
Don't melt! Have a wonderful weekend.
Face down ass up
putting together recipes & homemaking tips for a surprise little wedding shower lunch at work this week. Got any gr8 tips to share?
I'm mad there is not one iconiac at my school!! People just don't understand the amazingness of the boyz!!
Only if you're Jewish....
home home home! Time to get to work.
thank you
gd thx! Hope u do too! Have a great day!
ABBYY Lingvo Server Brings Real-time Translation to New Levels
Puckett says this is their set from Ghosts, an all instrumental album. Cool stuff.
autoreply is set and it feels so very rite
How come?? email us at if you are still interested ?
honeychild, i need to teach you how to use hashtags. hahaha
shoutout and its me
goodmorning kenz! Even though it 6pm where I live... Haaha. Have a good day!
Happy Birthday Rudy Rowe I. Celebrate your weekend well. We love you.
Yeah, I watched the replay of #TMZ and saw the coverage of #DonnaSummer. It was so inappropriate and not funny at all.
give me some !:O
I love this woman right here...even though she won't answer me....ever
If I lived near Lindsey we straight up would of been grubbing after getting hella blowed.
it's really late. If I were an announcer I wouldn't be making sense either
Yikes! where is that at?
Dumb Girls<< Like What You Goin To School For
If the twitter chat is not about the webinar topic, you have lost the audience!
I don't say anything about you, so please just stop the ridiculous childish rumors and grow up. Be a teenager, not a kindergartener.
Hogan: replace things like marital status, birthdate w basic elements like marriage contracts, births Me: OK *if* you have that info.
Saw Sherlock Holmes at midnight
Thanks for the follow, !
beautiful Irish Setter!
i used an old friend's all-soup recipe: make a game of it
this explains the traffic on the surrounding side streets...thanx!
Like legit one week away till my parents go away! Fuck yes, house partay. :)
I like the new pic!
LA Clippers, moving on the 2nd round Semi Finals playing against my San Antonio Spurs! Oh yeauh. We got this.
Im late but Im here! RT :
Is that a joke? I will see you around 9:00.
Democratic Party Leadership was hijacked by Leftist Extremists/Progressives/Socialists (all the same). There are no more True Democrats.
balloon boy?
Don't normally have many good things to say about Yankees, but Mariano Rivera is a class act. I hope to see him pitch again.
RT : lets keep eachother posted on any findings! #Nabshow. So far so good
I'm going to get my tix, so idk yet. I'll let you know :)
That said, it's been a great tool for our research team.
Hope this weather continues for our Purely Social tomorrow! We'll be at METRO, Zen on Seven & tours of the rooms--join us!
ugh. I really hate writing those too. Everyone wants a laid back, drama free person. What does that even mean?
at da room..
Folks can diss Kenny's tactics (imperfect, yes) but #lfc are not winning b/c PLAYERS aren't PLAYING well. Some just aren't good. (1/2)
head & heart, head & heart...
Drifting off at 10:30 on a Saturday. Something about being healthy, wealthy, and wise. I'll take the former & cross fingers on the latter 2.
don't know. I asked after he went to bed.
Right now on the TJMS: It's your favorite celebrity snitch Huggy Lowdown!!
when you gunna get it!
Lot of y'all not risk takers...which is why that comfort zone you built holds your potential back to find yourself beyond measure
No.. still not close... Breed was interviewed yesterday.. and even he said they are nowhere near a deal...
not as often.
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon
I gotz me some one direction tickets im so happy!!!!!!!!!!:D
I know, I was surprised. Felt like someone up there "gets it" (but doesn't feel like there's any teeth behind it...) :(
that's how i know when i am on the right path...He sends encouragement from unpredictable places, people, locations and venues...
60s classic rock >>>
thank you! :] haha. That's good. Mine too! How are you?
I think drake is on my flight
He's all growns up, and he's all growns up! Congrats, man.
I obviously cannot keep track! Thanks for the support!!! Give Wattsie my love!
What if the Heat and Knicks go to game 7? I'll laugh at the Heat forever...
Wanted: IP Admin. Assistant with intellectual property experience. Is this you? Send us your resume!
Yet quick to attack others over perceived insult to a book they probably can never read. Much less understand. Tragic!
Let the rain fall down & wake my dreams let it wash away my sanity cuz I wanna feel the thunder i wanna scream let the rain fall come clean.
I downloaded app then Shazammed.. Not really. RT : Is anyone fast enough to pull up Shazam before ad ends
3 day weekend for this guy😁
oh hey there snow.
OMFG !!! follows me !! Thank you so much Nialler . It mean so much for me :D
Hm...#Celtics vs #76ers. Too bad there's no history between them in the playoffs.
0 cause I wanted to wait to get a second hole
FOLLOW YA BOI
RT: : cracks me up thanks for putting my tweets on tv haha
I hope.
My son is loving your magnets and food. How did you come up with those products?
our store is so bare and we're out of everything. Last day til I get three weeks JUST for school. Is is sad this is like my vacation?
I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve. #dirtywork :)
are you guys going on tour again soon? Maybe a summer tour? And can you Please follow me? 😭
Join us @ Center Plaza 9/22 for a FREE Stoop Storytelling show. 5 PM-7:30. FREE beer...yes..that's FREE show & FREE beer. What a combo!
thank you!!
I'll be there ;)
I will be in the building!! RT : thanks bae, its tomorrow officially tho. Just celebrating tonight
Congrats on that spiffy green jacket! Looks good on a Bubba!
Kimchi Bowl lunch is looking god!
DeMaio says he's the only small business owner running for mayor, understands challenges business owners face.
We lost one of the most honest absolutely brilliant comics I have ever witnessed. Rest in Peace, Patrice, you will be missed. #RIP Patrice
Steak n Shake cookie dough blizzard>>>>
me too!
.: Though the crime defies logic, Private Bodies, Public Texts provides sociohistorical context for killing of
No talking about Scarlett Johansson while I'm eating a hamburger.
no "lol" though
HIS Faith becomes my Faith; HIS Love becomes my Love; HIS Will becomes my Will; HIS Strength becomes my Strength!
meet up tomorrow. !(: 1:56pm. come straight to bus 97-7. left side. back row.
waking up and doin the dishes #responsible :D
there like after the check cleared after 10hrs ha
#YouGetPointsIf you listen to what I have to say
Your biggest dream is way too small. Live & pray with
"the grass is only greener on the other side because you haven't watered the grass you're standing on"
Vision is not what you see with your eyes. Its what you SEE for yourself in the future
Ya - so gross! Nope, not yet, did I never answer you? Thought I did.
Agreed. Side of my finger always gets pinched when I right-click because of the way have to hold it. Love it but would tweak it.
thank-you. For the follow
I haate when people text me and then they dont respond.
Meeting with Writer/Director Janine Salinas today. The rough cut of Dulce's Ashes is almost finished!!
Laying in bed all cuddled up w/my blanket & my yorkie Dublin. Watching MSNBC again lol. I'm watching some show on Inmates in Prison. Crazy!
Drinking a well deserved whiskey after getting ticketed and towed in my first week in LA. Cheers to learning the hard way.
RT - power rankings #nfl 2 New England: 90 I doubt Brady will throw for 8000 yards
Midlakes Basketball: Great day for us...Little Dribblers was a success and we had our 2nd annual coaches clinic.
Harry Potter: Harry potter movie peeves
Ladies! The day you've been waiting for is finally here! Our first spring BB Dakota shipment has arrived! Photos soon to follow.
that's not weird ...?
What?! Academics have bodies? Say it isn't so...
Tonight! Moon Nightclub Presents LIL JON in a very special DJ set!
Another awesome new Ped. Pal Scrubby to hit the Feet? he-hee Plum in Love with Ya! Oh my gosh, close your eyes and you smell sweet plum tea
Optimism: a rain shower possible this weekend. Pessimism (or realist): Scattered showers Saturday, few on Sunday too, w/sunbreaks.
for someone who is experiencing Criminal Minds induced night terrors, I'm surprised you have put my place up on 4square. Thnx
I wanna go to the Round Rock Express game just to see if Im lucky enough to meet
24 excellent professionals exchanging leads! This week we passed 17 leads, $180k last year!
I take being burnt to a whole new meaning
I'm playing in East Atlanta tonight @ The Graveyard with Evil Empire! Show starts at 10:30!!!
DO NOT WANT
Almost positive I've hit up every free sample in this place. Lunch of champions.
good correction! haha, and majority of the female population is dumb
Peanut butter quesadilla sounds great with honey on top
Thank you so much for the retweet!
#MCL - so its not just trending on twitter, but actually through the city eh?
Charla (my wife) helped push a stalled DC police car out of a busy intersection. I'm impressed.
I enjoyed all of them. They're just crazy popular now partially due to the movie release.
but *never* uses hyperbole!
Citizenship in English starts at 5:30. Despite the name, this class will not answer your questions on how to become a citizen of the UK.
Things that puzzle and frustrate me: why I can find Mother's Day cards for any female relative but stepMOTHERs. Makes no sense.
Yes sir likewise ....DJ RomanRoxford is a hell of a DJ n kool pplz too follow him ppl
i don't blame you :)
ur talking to one of the promoters...no press passes, but we could arrange something. How can we get coverage w/u?
When my mom turns on the light and calls me Time to wake up
I've been good! How are you? Are you going to deadmau5?
So says he will freak out if Obama isn't re-elected. I think America can live with Maroon 4.
Seven pages in and just getting to the theory. Really not sure I have 13 pages more in me. Let alone four semesters.
Adrian Peterson and Maurice Jones-Drew are the two best running backs in the #NFL today, it is a shame that they are on underachieving teams
Tell your curvy friends to follow us and receive great deals on some HAUTE plus size clothes and accessories!
DAMN I CME FROM GETTING HAIRCUT SEE.MY SQUAD GETTING RAN & MY NIGGA DWADE GOT 3POINTS!
crowdsourced music is a double edged sword
Remember to always check your links in your blogs, newsletters and websites.
are you coming to school ?
TIME OF UR LIFE .....DOPE FUCKIN TRACK BRO
Delve into our interview with , former lyricist for the Grateful Dead, retired WY rancher, & co-founder of
Long exciting day ahead. My daughters is having a birthday party. No room for tweeting or bloging... maybe :)
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
listening right now...sounds good! Keep the vibes coming!
Anyone got information on Food Trucks for Broad Ripple Village?
“: Real asshole fake cancer”
Hey , you should package the songs you use before commercial breaks as iTunes or Spottily playlists. Great tracks.
thanks for the RT
you dont rep the team cubano .
got a bro tank burn from 3v3 today.
Yeah, just sprinkle quotation marks everywhere for maximum accuracy.
David Peralta, Spanish director of ‘Ay, Carmela’: “Once again, even in times of crisis, we made another dream a reality.”
exactly. Y'all are seniors now though enjoy it!
One last set before this #Arkansas adventure draws to an end.
Sorry I Havent Been On My Twitter. But Followed=)
#JessicaSanchez- btw can I borrow your dress? :)
Very soon. We are setting up an LA show right now! Tell all your friends to come out and we'll have a great time!
Working on some great new MP acrylic original paintings! Remember 1st Friday downtown Vegas this week!
stay positive! What's the interview for?
miss ya 2
#Quizlet has some great possibilities for my students. Hoping to create more independent thinkers/learners before they reach hs next year!
THANK YU TO EVERYONE THAT HAS TAKEN THE TIME TO LISTEN TO MY NEW SINGLE SO FAR! PLZ SHARE W/UR FRIENDS!!!! VIDEO COMING SOON!
It makes me sad when I hit 'forgot my password' for a site, and I get emailed my actual password. Please stop storing my passwords.
I pledge allegiance to the
Please let us know if you would like tosupport www.pledge4patriots.com support the cause!We as patriots need any contribution
Order a , , or 1" Wristband & get free shipping on your whole Blacklight.com order! Lets support these guys!
MN Commissioner of Health to speak at HCMC this morning at 10 am.
My Favorite Dome History: 10/15/2005 Badgers Block Gopher Punt on way to a Comeback Victory
She don't believe in shooting stars, but she believes in shoes and cars..
Now your just someone I used to know.
Lycos founder seeks new breed of Web pioneers
Even more shocking that he's right on something. If you bought into Groupon you didn't need more regulations, just brains.
#NoManShouldEver say no to some head!
hey i am a huge fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Skip all the reading and call me and I can explain everything you need to know about blogging. 425-486-7778
Phil just finished with another birdie at 18! That's two days in a row with a finishing bird, and only 3 shots off the lead.
Lmfao it's sad how you would never say that to me & my friends's faces.
A wee bit irritated !
if your friend is “on the fence”, it means she is undecided about something.
Life is so good even when it's bad.
There`s no relationship without any fights, but you always can make your relationship worth the fight.
“: what happened that time with Tyler? ” ????
thanks for the follow. We love your oysters. Just serves them last week at oysterfest!
And the Oscar goes to..WHO?
RT if you can't wait till #SaySomethin comes out on iTunes.
5 points for that troll, ha ha
People who run in and out <<
i just came up. Bestbuy and amazon are following me.
i guess died in his sleep, cause not released. but he had been ill. so sad, i loved him and his music. a legend
No you guys are! “: Ditto! Cheryl is the best.”
just joined sissy games now as sissimaid
": Don't say you love me unless you really mean it, because I might do something crazy like believe it. #WS"
hey!! Happy Founder's Day!!!! Awww I sure did...it was amazing!!😘hugs
tragedy of errors. wisconsinites are not used to losing...
at least you will have an excuse for frequent bathroom breaks :-)
all night err night? ;)
#Corn = long season, productive capacity, few #ag options in certain places, weather/other variables. - Mark Muller.
It's about time Blackhawks. Welcome back to the win column
Greg Stiemsma's got hops! Rondo to Stiemroller. Pretty alley-oop.
I am looking for someone who can do audio editing and clean up using Adobe Audition or Cool Edit Pro. Send me a message.
Cass Sunstein, you would be vindicated to know that I am addicted to McDonalds Monopoly. Cognitive dissonance, excess optimism
Hahahhahaha...it's the zoom man! But i got the moment (that's what matters)
This year bullies can't make me feel bad. Make me cry. Or even make me sad. 'Cause I am STRONG, girlfriend!
Great writing weather we're having here!
There should be a class that teaches how to focus on shit because I never can.
I need a sugar momma...send your resume to
Happy birthday i love you so much
morning, ladies
Ugh wish I wasn't so stupid before
"Happy League of Women's Voters Day!"
day dreaming all day long. @
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
Getting Starbucks dose for the morning!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you smell weird
ok..well a new version is due out soon which i think will fix that :)
it is!! I had some before bed, and I was out like a light!!!
Nice pix
Wasnt trash talking Ben. Was asked about your style, & I gave my opinion. Ur the champ!..for now.
Tell me your joking...
wats good baby
Correction! 7 fire trucks.
“ how many of yal still talk to the female you lost ya virginity to?” <== 0
Did I just witness an unecessary roughness call on the Iowa quarterback??
with that much experience, I definitely believe you would have some useful tips
all the demons under the california sun, all the foolish mortals hit the street at birth and run.
8-ball corner pocket
BASE Camp is looking for a rock star DJ to help us out at our Christmas party December 10. If you know of someone let us know!
laying in the sun listening to and the sound of indy cars
I just saw a 10-year old with a Snooki hair-do. I wonder if her mother helped her with it
but the book is so terrible!!!!
Communication, trust, loyalty, respect + more are key to a successful relationship.
of course!(:
pretty sure jones dropped that, but alright. Way to go umps!
let's be honest.. i'm more like the class clown.. josh makes a good hall monitor
-driving & see a mustang- "that's a nice car." "yeah it is." "Wait.. he's the QB on our football team!" Lol typical, the QB has a nice car.
I got lost in Farm and Fleet, just let it happen. Now I am drinking at a sleezy bar in middle of n ...
Day one of attempt in changing lifestyle: fail lol
You're welcome!!
well Duh. Thats why you miss me so much and call me everyday day.
Its a power grab. You hang around liberals too much. Conservatives don't buy into this racialist nonsense
: time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Life is great(:
Admit it. You don't know what "Rolling in the Deep" means either.
Lol I got it, good lookin bro
Have a wonderful week everyone!
no the number is the same. It does that instead of a busy signal it's really weird I'm sorry! :(
Thxs for including me
come on, 10 tee at Glen Arven matches pebble any day.
hey genice showin love hope u & the kids r well :)
Wonder why so long. Phenomenal story & author.When she came to visit lib, 1st rows filled w Hungarian wk cmp & other Survivors.
Planning to go for ZNMD...has anybody seen it yet?
"A fool is a wise man in training!" - Kalamundur
One more play
Thanks a billion!! Happy Weekend Eve!!
soon... very soon...
I swear I did NOT pay her to say this. RT : Great; like your new photo - you're getting younger
The rangers win. Bring on the devs
Ha. OF COURSE I follow you. Thanks.
Knowing what 'Dzsm' means.
Chile or London because those are places that are thenhardest for austjn to go to i voted chile though to help friends out<3
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
or a brand new k1600GTL someone might have just picked up yesterday!
Now moms are pointing out my shirt to their children. YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
Jack white tonight Jack white tonight Jack white tonight Jack white tonight. I'm excited like a 12 year old girl
Made rockets in science then launched them. Mine won(:
And someone fire up Maier on Alert Five. He's getting spot starts.
haha what movie(s) are on the agenda?
I hear a little bit of thunder comin from outside...
Getting ready for my midnight jog
Have a very merry x-mas and a happy new year! *In my TLC voice*
it will be like this. Except real. Ha ha
I use Google's free translator.
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater
I have big dreams! RT ": RT : God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them. ~Author Unknown"
I'm #blunted for the next few hours. Hit me to get that #Blunt treatment
i use it as a verb. the mishka-ing of rap. when novelty replaces talent
...need to prep for those. Not doing at all well (but'll get support as needed), Sofi's death was worst in long line of bads lately, so...
All is well=)
Rep. Tim Bishop to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and Intl. Seminar on January 28. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
KMAAS* ha he's so mad! RT : starting the month right with KMASS doing two deals today!!!
DM me k? Ill see if u can help ya!
Momma bought me my DMB ticket #bestbirthdaypresent 
Is this the real Eric the Midget? Or one of the fakes? The other two I asked have confirmed that they are the real one.
Oh yeah I did! It was so fun!
I thought my biology project would take all week! I started it today...AND...It will be DONE today!
Thanks so much! We really appreciate it.
Random note: the banks here are horrible. As soon as people get paid they withdraw everything except the minimum they need to maintain.
Landed in Seattle! The mountains are a sight for sore eyes :) home to feed the cats then off to Redmond in time for
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And my ol' beard is more beardy than a sleepin' sasquatch!
YES! It's terrible. The complete opposite of what you'd expect. It's confusing, yet funny, but really bad. Make sense? lol
RT : Knicks are undefeated in this year's playoffs when Albert Pujols hits a home run!
"Change is the essence of life.Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become."
I use the Belkin mini surge protector for this - couple of standard sockets and two USB charging ports.
Totally just whipped together a crazy brochure for one of my mom's coworkers. She always had computer issues so it's a joke goodbye thing
I'm hungry but too lazy to cook this late and do not want fast food Bleh. I need to be up early so really should just sleep.
yes pls! When's the next open mike you are doing?
I need a GOOD weekend..
We at club copa bout to rock the mic!!!! Shout out to my nigga seven and Paul..
If Twitter can take down foriegn governments surely it (we) can force gas prices down! Bycott ESSO/Petro Canada for 90 days. Retweet to all!
Ladies get your hair done right!
#kredwishes #Kred great event Public Bikes and Soul Republic for headphones
Does drunk running count?
After Effects hates me with a passion.
i had a blast on 3-1-12 me and friends throw a justin bieber party and we party tell 12:00am had a blast once again Happy 18 B-day JB
woo woo woo woo woo woo
Off to teach my class... should be interesting tonight. At least for me!
heck yes we do!
keep tweeting. Change the name in your own time.
Wow, Bachmann used to call Newt "The Speaker", now it's "The former Speaker of the House".
“: S|O to my new followers :)”. Thanks for FB!
I kinda figured that, had a interview last week! “: yes”
It's been one year since he died. my life doesnt even feel the same
We can capture your attention by being overly dressed, now watch what we can do half naked! Just sayin BOW!!!
wow, we have so much in common
s/out to my new followers
It's about that time..good night. Tweet you all in my dreams
Send a loving note expressing your appreciation and gratitude to people that support ,motivate and love you every single day!
I would host a forum at #WHSummit abt need for coverage of women's health care, but at this point I just want to thank HHS/
COLLEGE GAME DAY! What games will you be watching today?
This account is great. Brent should see this.
Art walk in Jacksonville IL and now seeing The Help in the awesome ol' Illinois Theater
He who laughs last, thinks the slowest!
Gluck boo!! There's a fish fry on Friday with your name on it 👍
Well you certainly did that! Looks amazing!
hey thanks for the follow, african tibes are worried about the dam being built , how it will deminish the water supply.
Its always one ugly nigga in the barber shop that got a ugly laugh
. I took an editor's prerogative on that one!
Very proud of , and his efforts to help organize young new talent to improve the city. U have my help sir
IF YOU'RE GONNA HATE ON LIKE THAT, YOU'RE FUCKING HEARTLESS AND YOU NEED A SMACK IN THE DAMN FACE. WOW.
Kate should really accept the gifts. If she doesn't want them, I'll take them.
: Yeee cuzzzy, but after, woo! Don't even get me started!
okaay if you say so
I hate mornings.
Sushi time in Miami.
Full day at the zoo. Just fell into bed. I am done for tonight. Z...
if we work hard enough we can :)
gotta wear a skirt and say how you doing like wendy williams
We both have been either one at some point to each other. Which created an great growing ground for both parties.
go check out talent is crazy
Thanks! RT Feature film by is casting The Glass Circle on 2/18: Details on VegasAuditions .com
had a dimsum B-day get-together for Kipp & my b-days - with great friends, good food & great conversation!
I think it's universal that HS websites are rubbish. Mine seems to have moved to a CMS that no one bothered to learn.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Florence and the Machine just killed it.
Rule #1: Be quiet.
rian please RT me.. i am boy belieber too.. i do not know other boy beliebers
At #latfob. Managed a panel and to wander around a bit (hi !). Time for a nap. Where's the napping pavilion.
Thanks love!!!
Don't hate Saber..;) P.S. Where the heck have you been?!
"will u hand me my charger shot?"
My brain tries to say "who cares" but my heart keeps whispering "you do"
Thanks for the RT
I think this danity kane pandora station is trying to send me a msg
Currently in development of our website. Where you can purchase TA products.
Great having u back - safe travels back to SF! RT : last day in the #miami office. back to #sanfrancisco on sunday
hahahaha cool day actually, mine was boring -.- I had to study , at least Friday and saturday was amazing ;) brb
- Hope u guys have been well & have a great tour!!
Ill knit pick all I want hoe.
#SportingKC seems to be back to old form. Like they just went thru a crash diet. Think it was Weight Watchers or Slim 4 Life?
This Dairy Queen is infested with Mosquitos.
When I just had my iPod yesterday and then lose and can't seem to find it anywhere...yeah biggest petpeeve EVER! XP
Tom Luna just asked me and wants to walk around holding hands
If interfaces shape genres, then humanists need to shape interfaces (platforms) Dan Cohen
I wanna go to the circus!
Shurmur is probably what kept Greco on the team. Rams probably would have released him, but no shame in snagging your own guy.
Let's just realign #NBA playoffs now: 1. #spurs vs. 4. #lakers; 2. #thunder vs. 3.
Awesome! Assuming you waved hello! :P
Good tip! RT : Friendly reminder: buy avocados today if you're making guacamole for the Super Bowl.
ATTN #pdxdms students: feedback session is Thurs June 2 at 5:00p at ID. Details are on Ning. Let me know if you are attending. Thx.
Reading my new Doctor Who Writer's Tale Book. I always get good Christmas presents! HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
#DC is the place to be!
Spooky Deals available at www.burghbargains.com. Discount tickets to Haunted Attractions!!
Preservation of digital books? There's no one in charge!
#DarkShadows I I may be vampired out. But I can never be Johnny Depped out.
!!! RT : Why is it that whenever I poop, the toilet clogs? Ugh
trying to kill mewith these fat
BOO RT : Romney on foreign aid: "I agree with Governor Perry. Start everything at zero."
It was a slip of the tongue. His name was Paul.
love it
Ah, you are also excited for the back nine at Augusta on Sunday?
furniture. have an apartment again yay
It's not too late in the night for a nightcap, right?
Can't beat a day ready for big boi
Thank u Von!
Happy early birthday! I'm 34--and I still like Transformers too. Some things never change, and it's okay that they don't.
What show did you purchase? There are no discounts on Broadway shows because of rules from the shows themselves.
It is starting? Will the art work be freed?
Isn't it crazy that in life the person who brings out the best in you & makes you strong is actually your weakness?
is goin to jail tomorrow (and getting paid to go! - TV commercial - hah ! Gotchya!)
Who wouldn't love to be the lucky girl who's loved by two handsome brothers like Stefan and Damon? We love u Elena, but we envy u :(
Waiting for day when I try to search for something/someone on Twitter and accidentally tweet my search. And it'll be something embarrassing.
we'll see
no lol well one ant Cuz I didn't kno it was on my finger lol
Might be the best payment I've ever read.
RT if you want more followers.
Wish this elephant would get off my chest... Breathing is something I kind of enjoy.
you guys are rockin this morning!!! I love the Ron Washinton humor!!!
I believe the Canon 5d m2 is in our future. Seems to be the best option thus far. Perhaps I'll trade these in. www.heliosimaging.com
lol we shall see! I know they are capable of it!
Really cool local TShirts! Local too! www.veilarms.com Wish I could get my hands on their site and optimize it for search!
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Chang for dinner with the fam & I had Panda for lunch with Mom. Fuck it.
It's a sad day when George Webb's is only open 6am - 10pm. No more bar time omelets...
Dude, people from Antiquity were mean. "The Better Angels of Our Nature," Stephen Pinker.
hey rat you arent sharpie so don't think you are getting a barbie dream car
I just saw your #SAG tweet. I didn't watch - next up for me is the Oscars (pondering a party!) and Grammy's !
Wow!!!! We scored anyway!!!!
Craziest season finale ever O.o
If I could be naked all the time I would
check your car insurance. a lot of what A offers is included with policies from Geico and others
I am in Florida....getting ready for tonight's BB! Jeff will use the Coup D' Etat!! Sayonara...Jessie & Natalie..Peace Out!!
Big shock: vs. = best match of the night. The last few minutes of MAT WRESTLING had Miami going bonkers.
Perfect start to a Friday= Yoga at Yoga Flow Shadyside and a run in Frick Park with the sis'! <3 :-)
Im at the liquor store and i just saw some old lady that comes into my work with a cart full of shit lol
working from home???
it's lube for my chicken. ;-)
hey bro, it was great seeing u the other night. U rocked it! Had a blast. I better see u in November!
True. But there's a different thrill to ice hockey for me. A lot of heart, athleticism, and hustle, multiplied by playoffs and OT
Busted. KJs flops top pair and I go all-in in position after 3 checks. One caller, he caught trip 5s on the flop. Finish 1877th of 4144. dam
topless on the beach like Kendra, but I am not the girl next door mixed between a cheerleader and a whoreeeeee. Hahaha bitch.
When will u realize ?
"Can you overdose on Zyrtec?" LOL
I think the only way to be further behind in Code Academy than me is to never have begun...
Thanks for the help!
Have a good one.
Bittel The Nine Master Keys of Management
Thanks for the follow. Have a great weekend!
can I get a call with some updates!?
Heats bout to lose to the pacers
God redeems all things including my Jesus Jukes
<3 this! RT : One of the things about acting is it allows you to live other people's lives without having to pay the price
In honor of #nationalkissingday, the first person to tweet "KISS" to us will get a free sample of Closing Time #Hangover Supplement ;)
sounds like a great way to start the day!
We are looking forward to congratulating our new Family Medicine additions this Friday!
Sitting a few small tables away from Mark from the Real World/Challenges! Yay semi-celebrity sightings!
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us? Hahahahaaaaa, times seems to pass by so slow :( I didn't see you!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else! :) <3
i think he will b in chicago, cuz dea isnt really no on really offern a better senerio for him, and playn wit d-wade i dnt think so...
Playing in the open mic tonight in the 7:50 slot. Come out to support an evening of great music.
The more I read about Windows 8 and Metro, the more I think legacy Windows apps are doomed.
I didnt mean it like that
#BadIdea Roman Polanski remaking Lolita. #WorseIdea Him also playing the lead. #WorstIdea And it's a NC-17 movie.
Nice! You should listen to more often, maybe? :)
Still looking for somewhere to #dine on #MothersDay in #Tampa? Here are some suggestions.
Wishing you all a very happy and safe 4th of July!
If Skip dishes it out, he must learn to take it.
My least fave is "please don't take this the wrong way." How abt just not saying it, OK?
RT : Support the right to arm bears.
Boy's got mad hops... RT : Still not sure how rimando saved that header from Kei...
Read this great book last week w/ 1st graders, and talked what would be like not to have access to books.
I don't like thunder...
ill drink to that! :) was home by 630.
- where you at ?
hope you're feeling better after that long mile yesterday!
Harbaugh just confirmed he NEVER reads a sports page RT Jim Harbaugh seems surprised that Randy Moss is "complicated"
My mother loves herself some Donovan McNabb. Her idea of eye candy. Lmbo.
The only reason I'm watching icarly is because of Other than that, it's a really stupid show.
sick AF.. What got u doin art on postal packages? I'm with it and support it~
Barbara Walters - my thoughts are with you. You are a true American legend. Speedy recovery to one of my most respected heroes!
Awesome! That must have been a great show. :)
thanks for jumping on the 303Xpress...DENVER 5280 :-)
Las Vegas, not L.A.
ya I am
creeping? i think so :P
Keep it going clippers
Driving to giant eagle with bigwillie
Oh boy, Rick. "Ops"
I'm guessing that was because of ?
I think we are all glad...
I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be at work. I shouldn't be a ...
Our walls were shaking last night! Wow that's a crazy sound system!
Do older white people care about children of color? -Dan Lichter
You arms will look even BETTER than Karen Cartwrights. #katherinewho?
oh man, the fans at the Big House must be soaked right now lol.
where'd you get it? Like to pick up some before I leave.
i had fun wit her outside (: but she forever mad at me -__- i aint even do shit fa real
Thanks to four square, I think I know EVERYONE'S class schedule
One thing the healing of Naaman accomplished was proving to an unbeliever that there was a prophet of God on earth. 2 Kings 5:1-14
So bored. An epic duel between two narwhals would be nice right about now
Redneck word of the day: Otter- he otter buy her a tractor for their engagement.
Hardest part is gettin off the ground, cause nobody wants to fuck with an artist with no name to themselves or experience.
Thanks for the support! I always appreciate it.
Just tapped, Sunrise Oatmeal Pale Ale (replaces Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale)
I worked almost a week straight. No days off
It's Sunday- so I will be giving 0 fucks today 👍
feel better:) wild night? yeah, dont answer we already know
All gay men and straight women produce birds together
what! is co flow going to tour, or is it just for the festival?
Authenticity is about being tru to who u are. Even when everyone else wants u to be someone else – Michael Jordan never forget
Preach on ... "If you think of paradox as the main way the universe works, rather than an anomaly, it all makes much more sense."
Hey - we hear you're up on the social media - care to join us for our launch? DM for more info. Free advertising 4 u!
Gene Clark was the heart and soul of the Byrds. Too bad David Crosby pushed to get him out of the Byrds.
r u in Freeport ? I love rum runners! Nothing like their fried grouper sandwich & piña colada in the coconut!
Hey RC/FV, if you want me to tune in again, you're so going to have to dial down the Alexis airtime and bring more Diane. K, Thanks.
Was too eager to try 4.0.4, gonna try for a while. Build 31 looks good so far, we'll see how it runs for a few days.
Of course!!
what's up bro
Is there a way to improve a video with not really bad, but should be improved sound quality??
It's Friday.
I Got A New Page Friend!! Follow Me
Back in time to make a new generation afraid of the ocean this summer! At least they aren't remaking Jaws (yet).
what r sum predictions for the eastern v western all stars 2nite.i think the west will win.east SUCK
"... all things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man. . . the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports."
to be honest, I'm just as insulted by the "Learn to Code" camp, though.
About to take this statistics final
Who's at Ohio Stadium right now?!
Bill & Tedius Excellent Adventure
thanks Jared! Hope you're doing well
Two auditions today then heading to sea of destiny fundraising party!
yes we are :)
": A million words won't bring you back, I know because I've tried, neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried."
might not have made it through the series that far. Makes us want to watch/rewatch again. Such a bizarre sight!
Beautiful night to happen upon Museum's "Song 1"
Midnight work out ^-^
with y and the crew
Gonna do a Q&A video on youtube. Send me some questions :)
to my new followers, to the good life!
2 more days and then i can sleep! :D lol jk i have projects -__-
dawg his lyrics always had zero relevance to anything lmao
I'm sorry but non union performers in the state of Florida are jokes.
when you love your friends so much, you do everything you can to keep loving them
I miss thinking about lost all day of everyday.
like a skyscraper, Like a skyscraper. As the smoke clear I awaken and untangle u from me..
[Today in PD] Science and technology for communication and persuasion abroad
thats was some funny stuff...im only WILL.
n should be enjoying Sunday funday with us instead of moving. Found a place that opened in 1928!
power failure
During research for a sketch, I found myself reading Situation quotes. Taking a break to wonder exactly when my life went completely wrong.
Its all good Troy Murphy's in the game
"Sorry" used to mean that you won't do it again. Today it just means "I fucked up but I might do it again."
Gonna be anywhere close to #Knoxville, TN?? Might get to go if its close enough! :)
pretty stinking cool
Which ones has he wanted he couldn't keep, I guess is a more pressing point.
You got it. Appreciate your commitment to moving Detroit forward.
if you dont "like" me stay far away from Me as possibly because i intend 2 make every second spent in my pressence Hell
Spreading to corporations too. MGM is taking soda, fried foods, pastry's, etc.., away from us!
So lazy. SO lazy!
THESE NACHOS ARE THE BOMB!!!... And that's how I got my nachos taken away in the airport..
Bus driver be trying to fake fight this girl lmao .
gotta go pick my copy up, I pre-ordered that joint!
im a understandig person, im always here to listen to your problems and i will never judge you hun.
I don't like the fact thatya'll r puttin all my business out! And monaet I can't believe u just called me an asshole
Great Article!
i just watched one of these video "thank you" to God for showing all Japanese Atheists who is boss....Truly turns my stomach
The American heath care system is more like a disease care system. A system focused more on disease rather than the person -
Feeling like a one armed paper hanger. Working ads for events @ Super Bowl. Love to catch up next week. Will shoot you a note then.
Omg! do I have a really bad case of #VINNYVIRUS ?Cause now everywhere I look I see the word GRAND(: lol, I love being a grand
Must be a beautiful gorgeous day to play #Volleyball eh... I wish I have the #Leisure to do it :(
omg I told I don't have the money my mentor does that's why I texted you and asked what time she should come so she could get it
I think I do too much for too many people and at the end of the day still feel on appreciated
I can definitely tell that spring is in the air! I just have to take a step outside.
“: Because of racism, Tigger from Winnie the Pooh will go by the more politically correct name: Tegro.” haha
I love !!! please please follow me!!! I love all of u guys! U guys r soo talented!
he is... I would say about Lyle, but its not my place..
Thx you gusta rock I'll keep in touch. Lots of great things coming from LBLD
Anyone Else Rockin with that New Show #Alcatraz...It's My Ishh
lol are you saying kobe is getting it? lol - YES! #G.O.A.T. of THIS ERA! hahaha!
Just ate some delicious home smoked brisket and home brewed beer.
awww thanks rob can't wait to see you
Get on the best bets #Soccer list for this weekend #playtowin #advantageplay wagering
they do according to my not so smart phone
ima real lakers fan not just kobe fan
Go dan!!! football??
Thanks to everyone who spoils movies without thinking they're spoiling movies. Just keep your darned mouth shut! *storms off in a huff*
Gen. Howe is asking Boston citizens to leave the city in order to save supplies for his soldiers. Washington worries they may bring smallpox
#WHITESOX vs #DODGERS.....Sleeper World Series Pick Buster!!!!
When comes into your biology class and distracts you! Then your off task for the rest of the day!>
Jamming the Eagles with my dad :)
wow, better not show up for a date in a rented Porche
Told you he was an ant!
Why do we have to have the same hours? You'll have to let me read your newsletter over drinks soon.
it all comes down to this. I miss ya, morning kiss. I won't lie, i'm feelin' it. you don't know, i'm missin' it. i'm so dumb, I must admit.
Living off coffee and crackers.
Merry Christmas everyone! And happy polar bear plunging?! Oh my, here we go again...
Now you blew it. OMG OMG did you hear that Molly secretly luvs Jon?! Nothing is secret.
He should've been on Madden actually, smh.
; TODAY WE ARE. I'm probably gonna have to force Kori though.... Lhh.
wad up then
And the "criminal-count" grows.
Golf lesson at lunch today: Assume.
Super sore and tired. All I wanna do is 💤
You had me at "cupcake"! Sounds like a great cruise and I'll be sure to look into it!
I think I've moved from Step 1, denial, to Step 2, acceptance.
Owen I don't think the scotchies are going to make it to the dells.
RT : It would cost me more in time, stress, & mistakes to do it all myself than the 15% I pay my agent.
- i'll write a letter. This injustice will not stand
bro, LR 4!! Sharpness & resolving power, amazing?! The enhanced tools for extending dynamic range of image files... Surreal
perhaps will send you a coupon or something?
The reporter also saw them. "Your presence is known and has become the subject of much speculation," he said. "Best wishes," he added.
my birthday is tomorrow (pretty perfect for me- good job mom!). remembers every year :)
Rick Mc's sked - Mon: Bike to Work; Tue: Wheelchair to work; Wed: Gurney to Work; Thurs: Coffin to Work
you lay down wit dogs you wake up wit flees
I might have to take you up on that... 😄
what's the code?
maybe one of the best matches this year. Crowd will be crazy hot.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
FILMING CBS TODAY... THE MAYOR OF CLEVELAND 216 ITS HERE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM ANY 1 NEED MY COMEDY 4 ANYTHING HIT ME
I have an idea, Get on here and ask people to help you Tweet him
I would love a job where I could legally blow things up -- that was the best part of chemistry class, no?
was going to have a productive night, then rediscovered spin class, and will be lying down for the foreseeable future.
Congrats! RT Proud 2 announce that Soldier Field is the 1st North American NFL stadium 2 attain #LEED cert by !
"Before I can become wise, I must realize that I am foolish. Before I can receive power, I must confess that I am powerless." Psalm 34:18
First all 5 Cats leave. Now I gotta say goodbye to Levon Helm? Damn.
You know I would! What did everyone else say?
Don't make me and give to ass a good ol westcoast beat down.. Then we gone blood walk on your 4head hoe!!
I told her not to go to vans with candy
RT : I'm using OneNote as a design workbook for my kids' bedroom redesign project - all my inspiration in one place!
happy birthday sweetheart :)
who else acts like your interested in the teacher's personal life just to waste time in class? ;D
Dang these bus drivers really know how to let loose
Happy last day of winter! Spring is upon us. Thankfully!
yes, that's the song- was referring to the next one with Java tonight!
no! Why would I forget you??
That #GameOfThrones was the most intense and amazing episode every and now I must wait a week till the new episode 😥😰
My next class isn't til 3... #whattodo I guess ill just be good for a change and study
Not sure why I still watch wrestling!
cute, but definitely NOT with those jean shorts. Maybe a black legging or skinny jean.
I don't know what I did to my foot but it hurts to walk. :(
we are long overdue. either way. a week from sunday??
Same. “: I don't like being told what to do.”
Start over? That's the formula for every romantic comedy ever!
I hope you are watching this mate. Biggest league game ever. Man UTD are clutch...
one word for paul pierce: phenomenal!!! even tho they didnt get the win it was a great effort!!
Twitter size optimization compulsion - The need to use most/all characters available on tweets requiring many adjustments & edits until done
Yes, but was it on beautiful stuff? B/c we hear that is a-ok!
lol that would be fun and I like a lot! But I'll be in NY a few weeks before. & I think it's the same week as AG
NEVER FORGET...
I hate seeing someone sad :/
damn throwback fa real
hey now. The big bang theory is a good show!
so far... but we want to keep expanding (hint, hint). :) contact us if you're interested...
where are you at
Great! Thanks!
he is criminal through and through! Bad to the bone!
The kid was walking in the parkinglot before first period so teachers saw an yeah lmao. What's ur number nigga
Why is is that all the dudes in the Microsoft Dynamics ads are fat middle-aged slobs?
Joker Phillips had better have a big year at UK. Bobby Petrino will be rested and ready by December. That will teach UL to hire Rick Pitino!
wearing a red sweater today...why not?..
8 year old has arrived in anchorage!!!
Good Day #Albuquerque Let's get printing, T-shirts, Banners, Posters, Business Cards, AND MUCH MORE!!!
#wikipediablackout! This should be interesting.
Dying my hair, then getting ready for tonight. (:
I love tea! Let's do it hehe :P
that was like a complete facebook status. They limit U to 140 characters for a reason lmao.
Those are NICE!
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon that his education and athletics are first priority.
it certainly wasn't easy. I did have my smart phone w/ me, so I wasn't totally disconnected.
A VERDICT HAS BEEN REACHED WITH THE CASEY ANTHONY TRIAL. SHE BETTER BE GUILTY
Morning twitter bugs! 😘
I immediately thought torn ACL. Looked terrible
lil tired playing a lil madden on xbox
There’s something beautiful everyday, you just have to find it.
Happy Birthday to the lovely love you xoxo
hellz yeah my sister just ruined her hair shit was funny ass hell...
Good luck to and the rest of the Bulls as they take on the 76ers today ..
RT : haha this is hilarious The most threatening note about internet access ever left by a 7-year-old child....
After 10 years with my Crackberry I have to finally make the move to an Iphone today. Its gonna be tough! Will I regret this tweeps?
im a broke bitch . all i got is change ,
Are Leaders Born or Made?
Your name must be Karma.. cause your a BITCH.
But isn't it so much more emotionally gratifying (in a self-destructive kinda way) to hold on to a grudge for dear life? {smirk}
got that and LOVE it! I want more :)
My work has been nominated for the 5th year in a row for MSR award for best instructional DVD.If we win it will be 4 consecutive years!
Your ad rank depends on the relevance of the ad and your maximum bid. You're rank = Quality Score * Maximum PPC says
HE'S SO GOOD I CAN'T HANDLE THIS
thank god there's a good reason!
no matter what they are protesting - they have the right to do it without police brutality.
to quote tina fey + amy poehler, "bitches get stuff done." i ONLY work w/bitches, they spark my creativity <3
I'm confused by the use of double negative in that first sentence. You're not saying what you think you're saying.
So much stuff to do...May is turning out to be a busy month..
We can always send more bacon roses?! Hee Hee...
Happy Easter everyone!
Thanks to the for hosting a very productive...and quick board meeting!
O.O ... TOO.MUCH.ELEMENTS!
All good and great things come to an end.....
I will not fear, my God will come through, always!
oh! cutie tootie!
So excited to see + Gracie in t-minus one week!!
told you, it's the best
I believe I did. The boulders food at the spa location has gone from healthy and great to poor tasting and unnappetizing.
This vaca frita I'm eating right now >
possibly depends on availability museum has gone way up in price. Tribute is still a decent price point
Can i please have a shout out? ill return. i really miss miss 1,120 followers:( can someone help me?(:
just, can't find a way to sleep. EVER.
and #NewEra #Cavs I could see them sneaking in the playoffs at the #7 seed!
Sandusky's charity for kids is about as ridiculous as Jeffrey Dahmer having a charity that donates frozen meats.
I love singers.
When I watch European games(especially italian) the stadiums are always rly empty
what'd we win??
The government aids consumer spending, but not your financial growth! I Google it!
A Need for Clarity: My Follows express my interest in the topic. Not agreement. Interesting does not equal agreement or endorsement.
DUKE vs Temple!!!!
So I have summer art projects. c:
lol yes I am! Are you from Omaha?
Come to Annenberg Room 3 TODAY from 12:30- 1:00 to hear about our new study away program in SOUTH AFRICA!!
I also learned, from that article, that three of the top tech entrepreneurs are colorblind. I'm in good company!
welcome to GeoCommons - we've been waiting for you!
I overheard my table talking about their bed to their friends, $16,000 wtfffff
#ThePerfectFan is ALL fans, fans are people who support their inspirations, therefore, ALL of them are perfect.<3 (:
I gotta do what's best for me
Federer one time (bloods over crips, for those watching the match) - it'll be a great start to an awesome week. Med app - almost, vegas ...
I would have like to see singing "skyscraper" I love that song and with her amazing voice #itsmagic :):)
Im already sign up for newsletter its really great
you da beast!
just rub it in why dont ya!
lol okay if I remember. But if anything I have his number my Tia Juanny is asking for u lmao
haha Sam I would do the same thing!!
Im an actress out here in LA. :-)
"Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success" - Sir James Dyson
Rough morning. Feel like the only thing I truly have down to an art is farting.
thank you so much for coming! i'm really happy you enjoyed it. :)
Thanks for the nod for #geniushour chat, but our next one will be June 6, at 8 pm CST. First Wed of the month. Thanks!
I think you got hacked. I got one of those weird "Hey somebody is saying terrible things about you..." DM's from you. Sorry. ):
Love this! It was my mother who introduced me to Dove with their chocolate eggs in my Easter basket.
Blackmon: There are lots of ideas and values that all people agree on. Shared values bring people together, even if they disagree on others
Patrick thank you for adding our post to your family law digest! Let me know if you ever have any questions!
RT : Watch me on today talk about the economics fueling
Shoutout To My New Followers - thanks for the follow. search Lime Fly Photography on Facebook.
Someone on this bus smells like bananas. But nobody near me is eating the official fruit of the primates.
I want to say, just once during a #poker game (in my best NY #Italian accent) "There's no f***in way you got the stugats to call this hand!"
Totally agree...thx 4 the gr8 video too! QT : Great to "meet" our RDI colleagues in the UK and Hong Kong!
“: Chemistry jokes are sodium funny .”
you still lookin for producers?
kanye is a great artist
- then let's hang!
Mane and I'll never get traded. I accepted their offer of peanuts and Thizz for a life contract
I assume Baron Davis' career is over. Can't really see him coming back from a completely torn ACL and MCL and partial patellar tear.
same with the bacc
VHV reduces motor exposures in face of poor pricing in Germany VHV reduces motor exposures in face of poor pricing in Germany. Insurer VH
check the site
9PM 2NITE: w/ & spinning rare SOUL, FUNK, DISCO & R&B vinyl 45s ALL NIGHT! (5972 Baum)
Dinner with cousins at Casbah. Delicious lamb from Elysian Fields (yum!) and a great time catching up.
if i say i'm more tech savvy than the average person, that's not saying much
Is that edge of glory I hear???! :)
Another day, another subbing gig?
Does yours, lol
Sowing seeds for my harvast to come!
that was borderline assault
well done!
#IFIRULEDTHEWORLD I WOULD CHANGE THE SYSTEM BETTER HEALTH CARE N ALL.
wow dude. You know what? *arms outstretched* bring it in..
but she is a brunette of precisely the opposite type to the architect's wife, it is learned, and is a graduate of Vassar college.
Hey hey Christian! How goes??
We'll split the difference and call it the crease between middle and index knuckle.
yeah buddy
#spuarespace..if we win we will donate it to a starving student :) (shameless plea, we never win anything)
join me in following and help spread #humanrights awareness.
man i gotta see if i can get Saturday off work so i can hang out with and
what up homie, How ya feelin today?
Folded to 3k river bet on K229T Note: this tweet is a note to self
Beach House and Best Coast out today with Squarepusher. Many other cool new ones!
Is the charging you rent yet? Ha!
To clarify (I was mobile, now am home) Said at deadline we need 2 dmen and a F. Sticking by that to the end. I still think we need to add!
was so disappointed not to see much in egypt but believe in the people and will go back when things settle.
Why is it so hard to wake up early on weekdays but so hard to sleep in on weekends
Spend 11-11 smoothing away the 11s between your brows. Join us for a day of Botox/Juvederm, receive $100 rebate. Call 866-738-3256.
and Rancho alum! RT : Atta boy making fantasy owners proud!
$AAPL -- near the $1000 price target, will the government break up Apple?
Couldn't ask for a better pass...Nikki Backstrom to Chimera Tied 2....2nd int
Well, cool! I am working 2 connect Chi area nonprofs/nonprof pros. Have a Facebook group that is working. And
#iSwear Oomfs Stay Flauging Me Out . . S M H . . Was Supposed To Come Visit Me .
Fall In Line BITCH.!!!
jess pryde! (should be the only one but if not, the one in dc) look forward to it!
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs*********
SUP. ITS KATIE(:
#ABQ get ready... Some super talented local kids are making a difference with an amazing concert. July 10 6pm Sandia Prep Theater 532 Osuna
Finally stacking some cash up... All quad parts paid for...
#np I want to to be you man
Lavo Brunch rocked time to rally for
i just really know how to piss people off, i guess :l
#supportlocalmusic Live with more double shots of unsigned artists. Check it out.
The AIPAD photography show at the armory is fab! Not too crowded. Julie Saul gallery has an impressive booth.
me too brother me too
dope work bro!
Got out of sleeping in the classiest place ever. A classical music concert
All of a sudden there are so many newfangled traditional media companies for sale. Fools paradise? Bargains? Forget the printing contracts.
DONE WITH THE STUDY GUIDE. Now to actually memorize it!
sitting on the couch with a snuggie sweedish fish a my fav show
Local pres of planned parenthood "thrilled" at komen reversal.
rock n roll never sleeps my dear...
Thank You Damian!
Dropping your phone in a pool<<<<
Is there anybody out there? RT It doesn't matter how many people are following you. It matters who listens to you.
Why is my room so cold right now? ;/
RT : And then there were 0. With Memphis losing, there are now no perfect brackets out of the 6.45 million submitted.
RT "why is it called 4-wheel drive, are you not using all 4 wheels before you turn it on? deep thought? "
Oh boy, talk about pressure. I'll do my best. Just tell me where and when :)
Welp, u'll have to show us around. LA is happening soon :)
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , we hope you had a great 4th!
The ruling was that clicking a like button is not protected speech because it does not involve words.
your Nuggets are over matched!!!
when i get older #namesformychildren will be girls: ariana, katie, peyton, skyler, penny page summer boys: all #BTR boy names and more
how are all these females doing these advertisment for twitter, or on twitter, how do people get payed for the advertisments they do
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - "What I Love About America"
yes! #TeamMahone all the way! #TeamSwift too! (:
It's official: #MissoniforTarget is going to cost me a few grand.
wth.  somebody help that poor kid.
heey it would make me feel as good as you do if you tweeted me/:
Cool, nice Saber and Salem and Curtis! Plus gotta love elephants.
gl today!
Happy Halloween all you kinky perverts out there!!
Heading fir the barn cash game winners
Follow my girlfriend on Instagram,
these damn flies are killing me!!!
I don't think my mom realizes how fast tickets sell out...
"Gully" Video Coming Soon Look out for it TSE
lmao not exactly.
Live life like it's worth living!!!!
Yes! Yes I do!
What is up with people saying, "That's perfect, except ___." Something can't be almost perfect.
RT : Good morning to everyone
Wasted Wednesday in full effect! Followers show this tweet to a bartender for a FREE Shot!
who is this guy you 2 speak of? he seems to be someone I should to talk to for advise.
not looking even for clean. Just something as carefully wrought as the introductory scenes.
i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate high school i hate
at Buffalo wild wings w and is playn "outta control"
I'm sure but I can only go to live tennis in the summer! I may have to find a way to get there
! RT Will give interview to CNN tomorrow
getting ready for St. Paul's back-to-school sale .... 1-4 pm TODAY - 4427 Franklin Blvd
He must hate the troops.
Tearing a page from the electoral fraud playbook?
Kawhi Me Maybe?
Thanks for following back, Gerry! Looking forward to your tweets.
Not much intl attention b4 1/25. Most probs Egyptian. FB events is a unique medium -- allows invitees to know others will show
I'd participate in the bellydance lesson, but my abs of steel don't move very much. ::cough:: ;D
Yea, this is pretty sick. It's a nice idea.
If it's not fun, if it's not simple, and if it doesn't make a difference, it's not part of our business model... period.
Just posted the January issue of the Ruby for Women magazine on my page at Bloggy Moms! Stop by and take a peek ;o)
Ah you dont even know!(:
2012 is the year of the Marina on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. Mark my words.
An honest man is always a child. ~Socrates
About to watch this Mayweather fight!!
Happy Tuesday everyone
Rode w my brother into the hood where he's working on roofs and see someone pull out from their $20k house in a new Lexus
1 yr anniversary of passing of my beloved&my daughter's father,Rock&Roll& R&B hall of famer, Johnnie Carter, Dells&Flamingos.We miss him
want a weekend got in trouble hopefully now moving back in with my niece :) not getting along with my parnets now
I feel bad that I didn't make one for dads. Mainly cause I havnt seen nor spoken to my dad in 3 years and he lives 10 min away
Welcome to the #LincolnPark #Chamber !
glad you liked it! Richard labored long and hard on that one!
thanks I will check it out.
Going to get #drunk on #tea!!! Eeeeepiiee!! Love
#worstsongever : only exception. HATE IT!
throat status- hurty. but with awesome ariel shaped company. happiness is a painting your best friends nails.
Check out the MyHeartMap Challenge Winner Update on Sanjay Gupta MD this Saturday at 430p EST and Sunday at 730a EST
Europe close: Apple results ripple through European markets
i will lolol
Type "zerg rush" into google and see what happens. :)
remember when it was just us 2 eating a funnel cake at disneyland for vals birthday? Lol
Give it to me flaws and all as long as you can accept mines we can make this thing work in time
Today is amazing.
Eldrad, Sanginary Guard, Grey Hunters, Hellions, Long Fangs.
nf follow back
you don't reply to everyone... Help out a fan and give a shout out,I'm in a drought I almost have as many followers as you
definitely made headway planning! Thanks!!!
long fuckin day.
Actually it's 0.476 cents a song, but who's calculating?
I heart Dirk Nowitzki
Lecrae's "Church Clothes" is going to open some eyes..
Love & Hugs To You
Ritee She Most Likely Is Cuz She Don't Care Where I Transfer ...What Ya Mom Gonna Say
is my hero....can I be auntie b? ;) loves to you guys! Congrats!
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mamas :) xx
Current students: have a friend or co-worker on the fence about enrolling? Tell him or her to call Charlene at 1-617-603-6942! Start Monday!
#ShitMyBrotherSays - There has been A Lot more people camping this year, than going on vacation. Me: where did u get that info at?....
Holding breath! Judging coming up on #Star Fingers crossed for
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.-- Mabel Newcomber
I believe he is here because he cares. We just need to bring him around.
time zones are so overrated.
I'm so fucking hungry but I can't eat anything.
NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!! hmph!
Ad: Chun and I stepped into Zegna in Vegas. I can see why your love affair started. Almost walked out $2k poorer w/ a new suit
“: The state of Kentucky is about to experience the full force of the ESPN hype machine. Get ready.”>>Nothing new.
have a good weekend my friend!
Javier Colon now Jermaine Paul.... What the.. Where are the women
does that say 'hot asians' on it? cause swag cant describe something w/ 'asian' on it. personal experience.
Rahall: dismiss the rhetoric that is coming and look at Tomblin's record annual
moldy doughnut fuzz maybe?
“ #NextStupidRealityShow justin bieber looks for a girlfriend and its called do you beleib in love...”lmaoooo
Its time to take my relationship serious I'm trying to settle down with her as my life long partner
yes he liked him a lot as a freshman. Had much respect for him.
I feel you lol.
Thank you for joining my Crew! I'll send your pins asap.
when you put stuff in the storage you realize u have alot of stuff
YES!! RT: ive probably said this before..but i LOVE the share button! makes putting pics on facebook SO much easier <3 :)
Hanging out for a queens tour tomorrow
RT : Thanks Oh, and I have beard envy #awssummit (I don't think we have a cloud beard service yet... ElasticBeanBeard!)
I just turned on the tv and bam, Mortal Kombat was on.
GAWD FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I really hope Pacman steps up to the plate and beats Mayweather.
Ass in seat para 's secret flick - which I've heard might be ZAPPED! ¡Viva Chachi!
I miss you too!!!!! We need a date night ASAP!!!!
Happy Saturday soccer fans! It's a great day to be out on the soccer field!
Stuffed!! I'll find room for dessert~
How do you miss three intentional fouls in the same play
It's not a record just about your first love, but it's about what happens to you in the years following that.
black vampire... Hmm
There is nothing more wonderful than sitting still, watching the sun set over the ocean. Cheryl Carr
Back in my room preparing to go to NAPA for the 2012 OCM Bocas Lit Prize... Yep, I'm running late. Bye
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Fort Worth!
Need help for a blog post if you had to describe me in one word it would be_____? or DM me if you like.
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness.
Now sitting in mcdonalds, alone. :(
what is wired and a lot less funny is when people tweet the same thing over and over again it is like a Broken Record
MAMP isn't irrelevant, a great piece of software & does a specific job well, e.g. managing mult. Drupal dev sites . cc /
you're an asshole..... this is why i'm dating you though. i'm also dating you for the sex. the sex is nice.
follow back? ;)
Going to bed.
It says "Imagine your parents telling you they have surprise on your birthday..and 1D walks into your room" !!!! OMMGGGG
Got it. Thanks! We've started following you too :)
Did they? :( I knew three people left but I saw their post saying they weren't breaking up completely. Aw man D:
Pssst... guess what? you're awesome.
hey, thanks
If my man wanted a show I'd give it to em front & center.
Took the dog walking in the snow. She liked it.. got all covered in it and happily licked it off the ground...
is represented.
You just a temporary hoe ...
Baby please try to forgive me... Continue the lyrics if u know it
It's been far too long since you've said that you love me, maybe you just don't and that is my reality now.
Lost all respect for Roger Goodell today. Attacking the best organization in football for PLAYING FOOTBALL.
NoDaysOff_ATC Get for yourself an walmart coupon. Everything you have to do is answer walmart's question! See my profile website!
everytime i see in his music videos i cry a little .... in the inside lol >.<
Me, My Kid, N Wendy's Chocolate Frosty!!
you posted a url for the SXSW panel .... is it right?
one of the smartest realisation in our life's part is to recognise the devil and use his horn as our walking stick.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a wonderful, safe weekend!
Life hard I'm harder
My best friend is insane. thats why i relate to her. AND NO I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU MARIA! Haha jk jk jk!!!!
Cheat & Eat ; That's The Motto Around These Parks !
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. Arthur Schopenhauer
thank you so much! Amazing.
I've got some great mixes for you all tonight. Main floor of will be crazy.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. Peter Marshall
#libchat "Content categorization: online-personal-storage" (we don't allow thumb drives either) ...
Disney on Broadway Earns 16 Tony Award Nominations | The ...
Awww! Clean kitties.
If u r a golf fan n live in LA, check out the Northern Trust Open at the Riviera Country Club n Pacific Palisades going on now until Sunday.
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
Have a Hapy New Year!
He Just a Baby Boy
| Great way 2 start wk w/excellent connectors!
thats sick brotha get me a meet n greet!
Oooohhhhhh Banana-how everyone loved you today...... Until tomorrow...
♥♡♥♡ TY RT well since I'm up I'd like to say good morning to wishin her a beautiful Friday & weekend to come.
Just gave Tim Gunn an uncool double take as I walked by him on Amsterdam Ave & 89th. You're supposed to pretend you don't care.
not to bust in on your bush question, but it looks like nandina.
Give Lacee a break. We all have to start somewhere.
Hey , just noticed the link on your blog- thanks!! :) I need to make more time for mine... Also, I LOVE VT's covered bridges!
Roll Call. Who's going to E3?
Sore throat, headache, fever and 4 IEP meetings tomorrow. Should be a fun day.
What Did You Do ? Un-Follow Me Then Decide To Follow Me Again ? xD
Our KidZui Blog is geared toward parents, since parents are usually the ones who research and download KidZui.
Just signed contract at Imperial Theatre in August, GA for show on Thurs, APR 12th. Journey begins to fill 840 seats. If u r there...
I paid back all my student loans too, took a long time, plus worked FT thru college, only way. Yeah, yeah, tune the violins ;-)
Small businesses need the same thing as big businesses...more business! Well said Hector Barreto, Latino Coalition
relics for sure. How do you pick just one?
Thank you for the shoutout
No worse then the people I drive by every day on the streets.
that sounds like a personal problem..
I thought was Puerto Rican.
I like your statement better than mine: my favorite experimental music reveals the simple in the complex.
anyone else as obsessed with the scene in Step Brothers were they sing "Sweet Child of Mine" in the car... i laugh soo much at that part :)
oh man totally
RT : I'd like to think we will move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
I meant go after him with Updyke-type move! Poor guy!
Oh, Boy Meets World, you're such a good show.
The 30-year-old graded stakes-winning son of Bailjumper was euthanized due to the infirmities of old age....
We can't wait to see you + your guests. RT : Sweet, 3 tickets to Now who should I take...? and....
Thank you !!
vitamin c overload!! I feel something going on
Seriously, who farted?
Let's make this comeback Atlanta
"If everyone WHO follows..." Seriously though, you are one of the best on Twitter, & 30 Rock is outstanding
What's a little DUI on the way to gobble fries with a "friend"? And that playful punch? Total misunderstanding!!
Haha I've only changed mine once.
and u didnt give it to him? lol
what's good. I see the success you got poppin in yo area.
RT : Consumers are visual. They want data at their finger tips. Mobile is the only way to deliver this, 24/7.
u welcome
It is #RHONJ time!!
The key to keeping your woman happy= attention, affection, treat her like a queen and sex her like a pornstar!
