In the years thereafter, most of the Oil fields and platforms were named after pagan “gods”.
We love you Mr. Brown.
“It certainly would be an error of the first order for us to plunge out into a programme of promises and bribes in the hopes of winning the public favour. But if you say to me: `What account are we to give of the policy of the Conservative Party? What are we to say of our theme and our cause and of the faith that is in us?’ That is a question to which immediate answer can always be given.
President Barack Obama: narrow winner or big loser in November. Presidential election history gives us indications that Mr. Obama either squeaks back into the White House or gets an undignified boot in the back of his designer trousers. In modern presidential elections, only Jerry Ford lost his re-election bid narrowly. Odds are, if Mr. Obama loses, it will probably be on the order of Hoover (1932) or Carter (1980).
We had no camera between us, but the memory is all the sweeter for that.
My good friend, Danielle, made me a whole plate full of brownies, which I devoured (not all of them, of course) and had to pay for it later when poor little Gavin got it all in his breast milk.. Did not sleep a wink that night. I felt so bad for my roommate, that I dragged the bassinet into the bathroom to try to cover up the noise! Ugh! I was so young back then! I should have sent him back to the nursery, but I wanted my baby with me so badly, I would not even consider it. In hindsight, some sleep would have been beneficial. Ah…20/20 hindsight.
Here’s a past, present and future 3-card spread. We should be able to get ‘down and dirty’ with that one since time is an issue today. I was going through some papers that I need to file while looking for something and came across a little hand-out that I received from a class in “Cartomancy”.
The accompanying ideas—that kids are merely "forming into" adults, and that they are especially "formable" during certain years—are equally bad. They are booby traps for the unwary, and they can lead us to some thoughts about our kids that are really pretty nasty.
Read more about the “frequency manipulation” of the weather here:
SCAF is scheduled to hand over power to a civilian government on 01 July 2012. The chances that the generals are going to facilitate a peaceful transition of power hover right around zero. With this much violence before the elections have even taken place, it isn’t hard to imagine what things will be like when Tantawi et al. renege on their promise this summer.
When I read this I thought of the many, many hours I spent standing beside my father in our garage handing him spanners and hammers and tools with daft names like torque wrench and needle-nose pliers. My dad was a proper dad; a dad that worked with his hands; a dad who’d started “in t’mill” (remember he was a Lancashire lad) when he was something like thirteen and never had a day off discounting his National Service and a few weeks following his heart attack (probably caused by overwork). Before I read this story I had no idea what a saw set was but I bet my dad had one. He had all kinds of saws. He wasn’t a joiner by trade but he’d have a crack at anything: bricklaying, plumbing, electrics, you name it. I can change a plug and I can change a tyre but that’s about my limit.
As the hunt for the children intensifies, so does Lexi’s need to know—about the witch that just might be more than a bedtime story, about the wind that seems to speak through the walls at night, and about the history of this nameless boy.
The Princess of Las Pulgas is a story about a girl who has everything, and then suddenly almost nothing. Book trailer.
I’ll post a link later from Youtube so you can hear this great song!
but I wait upon it.
2 household
The question is then, why would an intelligent, seemingly sensible woman do something so foolhardy and so grotesque as 'vodka eyeballing'. And what can be learnt from her story?
Elizabeth is one of English lit’s best-loved characters for good reason: her “lively, playful disposition,
One of those places is this closet:
“Maybe it’s cursed!”
"PATTOLOGY":
This past weekend was absolutely one to remember. We started Saturday with an early morning walk with the pup, then to the Green City Market. We visited the newly re-decorated Perennial Virant for mimosas and spent time with family and friends, then ended the evening at Websters Wine Bar (an all-time favorite of ours).
I'm making the executive decision, mine and mine alone, to withhold the "full" set of rehearsal takes for the time being. Will the rest see the rational (i.e. not trainwreck-style) light of day? I believe so, but now is not the time or place. We are lucky we have - and lucky the band saw fit to release - what we do now: full lyric versions of Ian Curtis foreshadowing his suicide, literally days before doing so. These were never believed to exist, within general circles. Respect for the family, the band, etc. kept these out of public light and I completely understand the reason why. Why now? I don't know. I'm grateful they exist, grateful we - as fans - have the opportunity to catch this last, tragic, piece of Joy Division history.
Exquisite and radiant, the rose is the principal messenger of love. A single rose denotes perpetual love; two roses of any color taped or wired together signify a commitment or forthcoming marriage.
She’s trying to recover, though. The family recently made a memorial gift donation to the Canton Public Library, where Kassi and her daughter often wiled away the hours. The donation is being used to buy four books that would have interested Abby. Kassi still has, and plans to keep, Abby’s library card.
I went back to the ENT today to have a CT scan of my head. It was seriously cool to see the images, 2 of which I'll share here. (The dark spaces should essentially be symmetrical.) Basically, the "BAD" sections are swollen areas, and the openings to those sinuses are pretty well blocked so the junk can't drain. Keep in mind, this my baseline after 4 rounds of antibiotics and steroids.
Meaning: Battle worthy
Today, for the first time in history, Jews, Christians and Muslims all may freely worship at their shrines. And, contrary to certain media reports, Jews, Christians and Muslims ARE allowed to build their homes anywhere in the city. The anguish over Jerusalem is not about real estate but about memory.
Professionally, giving also offers several benefits. One study found that fostering positive social support at work raises productivity. Another study found that those who give at work (“work altruists”), and through professional association are far more engaged with what they do and are more often promoted, compared with colleagues who stay isolated while doing their job.
The story here is that John Cena is angry at The Rock for turning his back on the WWE when he wanted to be known as Dwayne Johnson. I mean, why would he want to drop The Rock moniker when he can pad the WWE’s pockets for doing nothing other than owning the name, The Rock?!? What legitimate actor would rather be known as Dwayne Johnson as opposed to The Rock?!? CENA DOESN’T UNDERSTAND!!! Cena is about as smart as a bag of rocks apparently. This part isn’t a work, this is actually some of Cena’s legit beef with The Rock. Oh Cena also got angry because The Rock said he was never leaving again in a promo last year and then was off TV for months. Clearly Cena has the brain capacity of a 4 year-old and takes everything that is said literally. The Rock, well he just doesn’t like John Cena, and who can blame him? He thinks he looks stupid in all his Rainbow Bright, Fruity Pebbles t-shirts and jean shorts (he does), he thinks all his mottos like Hustle, Loyalty, Respect and Rise Above Hate are plain stupid (they are) and he is as sick of seeing Cena as the rest of us (WE ARE!) and has let Cena know it.
Henry said the absenteeism of teachers is 30% per day and that most students are performing three or four years below their grade level. Eamon suggested that teachers need to be held more accountable and asked her how many teachers she has written up. She said just one because of the lengthy time it takes to handle these matters and the probable fights with the teacher's union.
Stir well again
The only sounds which I can hear are the continuing sound of a nearby radio, my soundtrack continues like I always knew that it would.
First, we looked for a replacement treadmill. Limited progress was made with the actual dealer we wanted to visit, despite claiming to have an outlet in Mid Valley on their website, actually not so much existing. So it may be some time before we sort that out.
Overall Stats:
That morning he’d ran fine and free
I linger by my shingly bars;
- finished 7 weeks of radiation in July, BUT +, headed to Sturgeon Bay, WI to stay with Bill & Kathryn, and then into Chicago to see Margo & Luke and their girls and Gemma, Rowley and Fin and of course, Dr McLeod and the toxoplasmosis research group.
One of the men that was oh so attracted to Evalle was almost completely pointless to the story. I know this is the first of a series but he was introduced, instantly attracted to Evalle, as she was of him. Evalle talks about him to Tzader and Quinn. Tzader tells her the guy is bad news cause he hunts Alerants. She is half Alterant and half Belador. So now she’s worried about this guy finding out about what she is. The book has two more scenes with Evalle with this guy. (He was so pointless I forgot his name). He gives her information and kisses her and then… nothing. I found his character pointless in every way. Evalle could have gotten the information some where else and we would have all been spared an unnecessary and lack luster love scene.
File Under ;;; Punk Rock Afterbirth
A tiny toy poodle. He had been in the hospital for a couple days due to anemia caused by a flea infestation so severe the fleas were literally crawling out of his eye sockets and other orifices. His red blood cell count was 12% (normal is ~37-55%). We got rid of the fleas and stabilized him and sent him home but he had a stroke the next day and lost the use of his hind legs.
I have never really explored Manila as an adult. The last time I was in the city was for one night in 2009, en route between Hong Kong and Mindanoa province. It was a blur of a night. I remember only concrete and more concrete, and a long taxi ride amongst humidity.
McInerney states, “…nobility is possible with this grape.” He goes on to list several producers that should be considered, and notes that the wine region of Friuli, Italy produces some noteworthy selections.
5) Over 50% done putting together clickable maps for Nobody Hikes in LA. Driving through Whittier or Irvine and want to know where to find a trail? This is for you! Note: as I write this post, all the hikes are not yet included on here since I'm not finished, although by the time you read this post they may be.
Starfleet opts to send its flagship to intercept it. The Enterprise has been undergoing refurbishing in order to explain it new, bigger budget look. The ship id now under the command of Decker. It is never mentioned onscreen, but he is the son of the commodore who went nutso in “The Doomsday Machine.” Decker was supposed to bea main character on Star Trek: Phase II. What he and his companion Ilea were supposed to be turned into Riker and Troi years later on TNG. For my money, there is not a whole lot recognizable here.
How did doing things I love (working, baking, volunteering) careen out of control? I love working, love my job, but doing more of it didn't make me love it more. Ditto baking. I love to bake, but my obsession to complete Baking From My Home to Yours resulted in making things I didn't enjoy, nor did I enjoy making them. I had turned my life into too many things that had to get done, and I lost the joy of doing them. With no time (no time!) to contemplate them before, during or after, my life lost the patina of worth. I spent all this time working more, and not achieving completion, and I spent what little time I had at home baking, and not loving the process. It didn't take me more than a day in Paris to realize that I had to change. That was a revelation. In the past, I would say "things have to change!" when talking about work while we were on vacation. This time, it was clear to me that the change has to come from me. And it has.
Having realized over the past decade that going to the cinema had become a less than pleasant experience, at the beginning of last year I’d decided to give it all a miss. It didn’t seem to be a big deal now that the DVD release is usually in the shops well before, say, a hardback book becomes available in paperback. If I can wait to read a book I can certainly wait to watch a film. Equally weary of the ramped—up propaganda that goes into selling every new release, it was refreshing to catch up with it long after the attendant hullabaloo had died down, so I could watch each movie on its own terms without it being made out to be such a big deal.
We spent three days over new year in a "wigwam" in Northumberland on Herding Hill Farm. Owned by a lovely man, Steve and his family it's a fairly new enterprise for them and the wigwams with their own hot tubs haven't arrived yet so we were in the basic ones but heck it was good. Wooden structures, benches and a wee table and then the benches form the beds (Paul was having a disco kip one day on the bench there) and they are cosy and warm and pleasantly different. We do camp generally for our holidays but over January and in the wind and rain that we have been having that would have been very hard work. These wigwams are cropping up all over the UK, I would recommend them.
All of this flat-on-my-backness has given me plenty of time to research mattresses, Pilates, and especially Paris and London. We've got our plane tickets, figured out what we want to see and do in Paris and bought tickets to the newly opened Harry Potter Studio tour in London.
You can find these canvas totes to match any decor. If storage is pretty, you don't have to hide it away.
The war was lost not when the idiotic Bremer, who really represents the best America has to offer in career diplomats (you get to be a diplomat by graft, corruption and ass kissing) disbanded the Iraqi Army and turned the country's population into 70% unemployment zone; no, the war was lost when, after "liberation", American soldiers did NOT demolish Abu Ghraib, the prison where Saddam's thugs tortured men, women and children, but instead started to use said building complex, for the same reasons - to imprison and torture Iraqi men, women and children.
To me, good music is good music, and yes, that inlcudes Katy Perry. I know some people hate on her, but not only do I love the sound of her voice, I love the artist right due to her blue wigs!
Poverty. According to UNICEF, 24,000 children die each day due to poverty. And they die quietly in some of the poorest villages on earth, far removed from the scrutiny and the conscience of the world. Being meek and weak in life makes these dying multitudes even more invisible in death.
Ouellet, who in 2010 left Quebec to become Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, one of the top positions in the Holy See, advises Pope Benedict XVI on candidates for the episcopacy. Among other surprising and innovative appointments was that of Ouellet’s replacement a little over a year ago, Archbishop Gerald Cyprien Lacroix, who had served less than two years as one of Ouellet’s auxiliary bishops.
However, there is a lot of talk in the book about how much Ivy worries about her grandfather while he's down in the mine, they talk about working in the mine like it's a form of cruel and unusual punishment, and in the end there is a mining accident with lots of details. There are references to real life mining disasters, descriptions of the families waiting at the church for news, and descriptions of what may or may not be going on down there...explosions, rock falls, floods, drowning, deaths...all very scary, especially if your Daddy is a coal miner.
An excellent text which covers this area extremely well. This will be of interest to those who want more information on how the analysis that underpins this approach to profiling is carried out as there are lots of examples here:
I'm finished with my musical excursions in Ontario for a while and in about six weeks I'll be leaving here. My next big adventure will probably be the George Street Festival in St John's this summer. Sean will be back with his band mates and Great Big Sea will perform. It's been ten years since I've seen them live, an entire decade and I've missed them. I'll be a resident then.
Isn’t it incredible how a smell can transport you back to a place and time far easier than a photograph can? How the whiff of someone’s perfume, or browning garlic, or freshly cut grass causes often causes a flood of memories and emotions? I know now that for the rest of my days, the intoxicating scent of orange blossoms will always take me back to the Mediterranean coast of Turkey.
And lit up in that way
There have been–and still are–many flowers and the season shows excellent potential. Of course, one should never count the berries until they are picked.
It's eating my emotions.
We never did fully come to a formal decision... Mike just started saying "It's a good name" when I mentioned the name. And then when he was born and the doc asked me his name, I just kind of blurted out "Emmett Jeffrey." Thank goodness it was OK with Mike, because I love that little man's name!
Minions: “SWIPER!”
“How is this possible?! How does one get anywhere?!” He even managed to enunciate the exclamation marks as he laughed his way through this blasphemy.
The 57-year-old Chavez had to return to Havana last week for more surgery despite repeatedly saying he was cured after two procedures last year. That has fueled doubts about his ability to campaign for re-election in October, or to govern if he won.
Then, Hoffa stated that the Tea Party is in his union’s sights:
Yeah Tootsie Roll, Let me see that Tootsie Roll
Location: Ames, IA
Given that so much blood was on the hands of his party, and, as such, the newly appointed government, some may conclude that those who praised Madela's mercy and forgiveness, when the Truth and Reconciliation tribunal set up after he came to power, to look into the Apartheid years, did not include a provision for sanctions, were being deliberately naive.
Rohaizad Mohamed, Senior Vice President of Broadcast Operations at Astro said, “As a licensed broadcaster, Astro is required to comply with the national content regulations.
The needle drops and I’m all expectation. Can this be really as good as has been written about? Forty minutes or so later, having indulged myself in both sides of the vinyl, I’m in quite a state of shock. At this distance, its quite hard to explain in mere words just what an impression that record made. Put simply, up until that point in my life I’d never… ever… heard anything like it.
Please welcome:
I recently spotted this article which details the town's struggle not only to change their name because of its sound, but also because it can't be found in Google searches by tourists. Think about it - googling "Eu" will probably give you a whole host of hits regarding the European Union, conjugations of the French verb "avoir" and a whole handful of other things OTHER than this French town.
But we see those imperatives again, don’t we? Love. Do Good. Lend. Love. There’s something about love in these verses that is irritating. There’s something about this love that Jesus expects us to demonstrate to others who are far less deserving than some we can think of in our lives. I think that what is irritating is that Jesus expects us to love without expectation of reward in this world. He says we live and love with only the expectation of being rewarded by God—perhaps not even in this world.
Not too long after that we decided to pick up a copy of the book because Rog and I wanted to read it. My brother in law actually picked it up first and then he had to get the rest of the series as well. After he read it my oldest, Marti picked it up and devoured it. She proceeded to read the next book, and the next one and the next one and the next one. She had the entire series read within a week or two. After she finished it, she read it again and then again.
There has been a call from several mayors of municipalities here in British Columbia, Canada to legalize marijuana…the arguments for it are essentially that they are tired of fighting against a mega-tide of grow-ops and drug dealers who are far richer in resources and weapons to push back than the cities can afford to be, and they are right…
Glenna and I both taught two classes, in a charming country hall.
Also, I bought some fake eyelashes because they are fun to wear to fancy occasions.
"I am a happy man."
In the previous years, the Government and Education Ministry would bother for a symbolic anniversary commemoration, but since last two years, those events have been forgotten. There is no Government support for republish of his work, and assistance for research projects about his unpublished works. In the above BBC reports, the family members of Kateb has said over 3500 unpublished pages are with them, which are endangered. Even hundreds of unpublished pages from later volumes of Kateb’s famous book Lamp of Histories are available with the family, but the Government, despite fake promises, has no interest to republish it, or allow the private sector to work on it.
For the puppy – petting always does the trick. For your gaby – hugs, lots of verbal encouragement, and kisses. For your drag queen – a wig-spree. Once a week, if your drag queen is behaving, take her out on a wig-spree where she can purchase any wig she wants up to $100. Yes, it is costly, but in the end very effective.
In the martial arts, we fight all the time. Striking, kicking, throwing, wrestling, grappling – so many things to practice. Rarely have I ever learned as much from winning a fight as I have from losing one. Without losing, I would never get any better. I believe that applies to life in general. The greatest chefs have all burned and over-seasoned thousands of meals. The best business owners have had the guts to experiment with several strategies before figuring out the best model. So I agree that we shouldn’t worry so much about losing.
How do I know this? Because I am a Graphic Designer, my post-secondary education says so.
shouted out with glee,
Halfmann: We ended up using a brush script for the lettering.
So, my conclusion is something like this: Rousseau is not writing for liberal or emancipatory purposes, but for essentially authoritarian and conservative purposes – to hold together (class) society in spite of diverse and conflicting individual interests (and in spite of the contradictions, between democratic carrots and authoritarian sticks, that this involves). He is also not writing for an actively or enthusiastically capitalist sort of conservatism (one might suspect that this role belongs more to figures like Locke or Hobbes, but don’t quote me on that).
As we have noted before, journalists are highly evolved intellectual herd animals. They possess sophisticated sense organs capable of detecting minute changes in the propaganda environment. Commentators are currently well aware, for example, that the United States has declared a willingness to negotiate with the Taliban in Afghanistan – the standard last resort when the costs of violence become so high that rational solutions are deemed preferable. No surprise, then, that the Guardian’s Madeleine Bunting is able to perceive a level of complexity in that ruined country that so rarely features in reporting from Iraq:
They sent the lawyers down and the doctors down;
E and I spent a really nice day wandering around and getting a feel for the city. For snacks we got cupcakes at "Hey Cupcake". This place is nothing more than an air stream trailer. Actually, we saw that there were plenty of food trucks and rv's. It was kinda rad to see so many food carts. In Boston we hardly have any. The cupcakes were $2.50 (Boston people who complain about the price of cupcakes take note, it is a fairly standard price). E opted for a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting and I got a red velvet one. Both were really fantastic. Moist with plenty of tasty frosting. Another plus for me? The chocolate one didn't have a butterceam frosting but a really nice sugar and milk frosting. I tend to not enjoy buttercream so I was really into this. Also the red velvet one had an exceptionally well done cream cheese frosting. Later, we also split a slice of pizza from a place called Home Slice. It came recommended to us by a local who told us that they annually take a trip to NYC to study the pizza scene. Neat. We got a slice of the Marguerite to try. It was very good. The crust was nicely executed. Crisp and chewy where it needed to be. Good air bubbles in the crust but not enough char because the crust was a bit blonde and could have been cooked a bit longer. The toppings were good and we were pretty happy with the rec.
“By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac; …accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead.”
Well, there isn't one... at least that owned by Wingers. As it turns out Winger Bros. is contract brewed locally. The contract brewery asked that I not identify them yet, but you can probably figure it out.
What I love the best is the fabulous views: across to North Wales with glimpses of the Great Orme at Llandudno, and Anglesey; coloured sails bobbing on the Marine Lake at West Kirby; the Royal Liverpool Golf Club at Hoylake and the North Liverpool coast beyond. Other interesting sights: seals lolling on the sandbanks (or in the water), offshore windfarms and oystercatchers on the waterline.
After an extensive amount of research on the matter, I decided to go through with it. I went to Lay Bare Waxing Salon in Robinson's Galleria. There are a few tips that can help you if you're having a bikini wax done for the first time.
It's a very dark maroon thin stripe corduroy wrap dress with a black cotton sash. It has proved almost impossible to photograph but you get the idea.
He is MY calm
SAMPLE ANSWER: Men are supposed to be protectors, providers and moral/spiritual leaders. In order to help men to be protectors, women have to give them time to study to discern truth from lie, and support their ability to be physically strong, and to own firearms. It is also a good idea for women to have a positive view of good men who use force to restrain evil, as with the American military. Women should support the use of force against radical Islam and terrorists, as well. In order to help men to be providers, women have to advocate for fiscal conservatism in the public square. That would mean advocating for lower taxes, less government spending and smaller government. It would also mean being frugal in the home and helping the man to move ahead at work. If the children are up and out of the house, it could mean going back to work or starting a business to help make ends meet – or monitoring investments. For a man to be a moral and spiritual leader, a woman has to be supporting of him making moral judgments in the home, disciplining the children, holding her accountable for moral errors, and for making exclusive truth claims when it comes to spiritual things. She should not censor him when he gets into debates about spiritual things, even if other people who disagree feel bad – so long as he is not being a jerk. Her goal is not to be popular or liked, but to support her husband in his roles. The most important thing a man needs is respect, and that means treating him as important and significant, being grateful for his contributions, soliciting his opinion on things, being mindful of his male nature, which is more visual and sexual.
So if all dramatic art is essentially just a sex scene, what's the difference between eroticism and pornography?
Keen to travel in Indonesia area or overseas
Here's a very simple tweak to make things look right again.
This week has been hell at a certain point. Also good, because I spent a lot of time with my friends, and I really love them. Maybe I'm a selfish bitch and I don't feel like sharing what I have, but I can't do anything, they were there before I was there for you. I can't really say anything about this, but I felt like shit this week, sincerely, I cried every single day, and I just can't tell you that I feel sad, that I'm here, willing to be with you all day, and it can't happen. The good thing about it is that I get more time to spend with my friends. Love is something that needs to be shown every day, in a gesture, words, gifts, a kiss, but it hurts when I can't spend quality time with my beloved one.
First it all let me say that I HATE the changes on my blog. I don't know what happen but after been absent for a few weeks I found out everything in here changed. I would like to know if the same happened to you. Any suggestions?
Son: It's called 'No One' by Maverick Sabre.
Not been blogging - been on holidays and also fighting some sort of bug caught on plane back home but .... I've been working on photos ready to post - with stories :0)
I did a podcast with Carl before Christmas on the Assange affair – and one with Assange’s lawyer, Mark Stephens. This was analysis of the issues to date and did not prejudge the issue of guilt or innocence. Lawcast 174: Carl Gardner on the Assange / Wikileaks Extradition
Lexicon word of the day: timorous.
10. Blind
Cheaper, no chemicals, leaves the skin smooth and it lasts for a long time (I usually end up not having to shave or rewax for a couple of months).
He seems to think that protecting our borders is racism while calling La Raza a civil rights organization. Being a "well educated" major university professor, you think he would catch the irony there.
The Complete Series of House of Five Leaves is an unforgettable and deeply engaging anime series that is unique from other Edo period stories we have seen before as it not brings Edo to life but also tells us a brilliant story. Like the manga that inspired it, the series is filled with appealing characters, fantastic animation and a wonderfully written story that makes this one a real Must Have for any anime enthusiast or a fan of Natsume Ono’s manga.
Imago, Not Amigo
Writers, it is not enough to base your characters and plots on real life and real people. You have to make them plausible to your reader.They are reading a work of fiction, not a memoir or a piece of journalism.
Finally, even if a more cautious approach regarding pharmacological assistance in obstetrics is probable during the twenty first century, and even if the concept of in-labour non-emergency caesarean is better understood, the priority will always be to rediscover the basic needs of labouring women, as long as the main objective is to facilitate in our societies the release of an abundant flow of love hormones in critical periods of human life.
10. Along the Delaware River, from Washington Crossing State Park on PA Rt. 32/Rt. 611 to Easton, PA. It's great to do this scenic and historic drive on a foliage-lit fall afternoon, have dinner and a couple excellent beers in Easton, and then return at night with a full moon reflecting off the river. Beautiful.
Yarn, Embroidery Floss, Bakers Twine or even Jute
Sendak’s recent death coincides with my toddler’s sudden fear of the dark. This fear has come in stages. First, several weeks ago, she started asking for a lamp to be left on at bedtime. Every night, before I went to bed myself, I would sneak into her room and turn off the lamp I’d left on for comfort; I’d then arrange her covers and give her a soft goodnight kiss that she’d never remember.
In the fabric being woven from the progress of your recovery from depression and addiction, there are a number of specific factors that need to be maintained. The common thread that supports all of the other factors—is ‘honesty’. The honesty you have already shown is admirable. Being humble enough to admit you need the help of God to survive and conquer your weakness is a huge accomplishment. It isn’t easy to admit you struggle in certain areas that some people have never had a problem with…and you’ve been able to do that, to some degree.
It's at this point that your wife walks in.
-Leave a little opening to flip the rag right side out. Close the opening and sew a 1/4" seam around the edges to finish. I used colorful thread for the outside stitch to make them more fun. At that point you have a new soft, thick burp rag.
"With regard to nervous system function, it is thought that persons with FM experience pain amplification due to abnormal sensory processing in the central nervous system."
Goes over the hill into the deep sea;
Nas -- his real name is Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones -- was not quite 21 when his debut album, Illmatic, was released in 1994. Some critics rank it as the best rap album of all time, and nearly all of them rank Nas very high on the list of the greatest MCs.
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series
Let's see when I get around to making the muslin and cutting the fashion fabric.
Can you believe this is the last Winner's Post that will be here? Don't fret though, our new home will be filled with fun challenges each week and a fabulous new group of winner's for each challenge.
As if she read my thoughts and ran her fingers over it.
But, I wouldn't trade her for anything. She is affectionate, funny, adorable, oddly agile for her age, and an extreme pest. She is needy and independent all at the same time. Maybe that's why she drives me bonkers - we are too much alike.
She says he should shower/
119 11. “Dreadful Days in Athens: Greek Massacres and American Misjudgments.” Congressional Record, vol. 119, p. 40892; Daily Record, pp. H11151-H11152 (December 11, 1973).
Several weeks later, Jonah awakens in the cabin of an old trapper. It is not revealed how the trapper found Jonah, but he nurses the boy back to health through the summer & fall & into winter. Jonah walks for three days to find the Apache camp, but it is deserted. Then we get a montage of Jonah as a "wanderer on the frontier", a buffalo hunter for the Army, a tracker, a scout, and then in the Civil War at Chancellorville (May 1863), Vicksburg (July 1863), Shiloh (April 1862), Antietam (Sept 1862). Therefore, the Fort Charlotte Massacre occured sometime after July of 1863.
There were complementary bottles of German Riesling – feeling German and only wanting to insure there was plenty of our beer for the guests, I consumed several of these wines myself.
“My cart,” I began, pointing to the circle of people surrounding my cart, “it won’t budge.”
…like monks, some of us will be visited by visions and others will toil out our days knowing glory only at a distance, kneeling in the chapel but never receiving the visitation of a Tony, an Oscar, a National Book Award. And yet the still, small voice may speak as loud in us as in any. So we pray. Fame will come to some. Honor will visit all who work.
are you insane?
Day 3: Through your grief process who has been your "rock"
No romantic and/or rock-star vampires here. These bloodsuckers want to eat you and play with your blood. It’s chock-full-of disgusting death and charged with an apocalyptic climax threatening the entire west coast.
And I know that his commandment is eternal life.
8:30am
What the republicans are banking on is that they can excite their base enough so that ALL of them show up, and then the Republican establishment-types will vote Republican no matter what, because that's what they do. Then, they're hoping that Independents will be disenchanted enough with the economy (remember, stupid...) that they're turn their back on the President and his efforts to revive it. The problem with this philosophy is that it only works if Republicans sent one of their warriors to the general, and not one of their establishment candidates. Michele Bachmann will excite the base, but she has literally no chance of winning the general. Same goes for Herman Cain and Ron Paul. Mitt Romney and John Huntsman are on the opposite end of the spectrum; they can make a lot of money by appealing to the party elites, and could both possibly win a general election, but would most likely not do so because the party base would stay at home, and opt to mourn the state of the country, instead of handing the presidency over to a more mainstream, establishment Republican (to be fair, I give them credit for being principled, even if they are misguided).
And the princess saw them an she was scared.
Tim Minchin came on and announced that this gig was more of an experiment and that they only had 7 songs, he then confessed that he had written one more this afternoon, so eight songs. The music began. The music was simply amazing, enjoyable, whatever…..I felt privileged to have been there at the start of what might become big. No ego’s present. The band and Tim drinking afterwards with the few crowd members remaining and happy to shake my hand and briefly chat, with no eyes-rolled-to-heaven kind of look. Humourless ? I don’t think so. No humour intended but he is just a really funny man. Lots of humour but none that overshadowed the music.
Rap began as a rhythmic, verbal means of self-expression in the 1970s and became a major part of popular culture beginning in the 1990s. Early artists like Grandmaster Flash offered political commentary about life in the ghetto, and like many peers, distanced himself from gang culture. Ironically, hip-hop’s largest audience has always been young white males living in suburbia, perhaps bored with their less exciting lifestyles.
By Judie Brown
Long-winded, I know, but this song is a tearjearker.
Alas, I am only 5'1"(...in the morning...) and have athletic runner's legs so this outfit would make me look like a tree stump with a cowboy hat. Not quite the look I go for... But here it is! A girl can dream
21. Indiana
and generally they never looked
Join AiA, the Association of Independent writers. They have an Authors Resource Guide with people who can help with every aspect of the process from A to W. Sorry, if you need something from X, Y or Z, it’s not there.
I floated the name to my group of literary friends. The graphic artist of the bunch drew up some curvy letters and we were hooked. I ordered the marine grade vinyl decals the next day, and my boat name was ready for application by the end of the week.
MomMom
First, a comedic gem from the short-lived Dana Carvey Show (which I don't even remember), featuring some guys you will probably recognize:
Let me start by saying that this is one of the few instances when I'm glad my mom doesn't speak/read a lick of English and thus not follow this blog. Heck, I don't think she even knows what a blog is. But I digress.
It’s easy, and wholly understandable, to laugh at this type of drivel. But it’s worth recalling Neal’s valued place within Duke. Indeed, the revelation of the “thugniggaintellectual” moniker came from Duke's public relations office itself; Duke Magazine published an interview with Neal in which he asserted that “my intellectual alter ego is thugniggaintellectual—one word . . .I wanted to embody this figure that comes into intellectual spaces like a thug, who literally is fearful and menacing. I wanted to use this idea of this intellectual persona to do some real kind of ‘gangster’ scholarship, if you will. All right, just hard, hard-core intellectual thuggery.”
Because January 7th is his mother's birthday.
I hate how catchy this song is and yet I love it all at the same time. The build up energizes me and yet, when it drops, I slightly cringe. I can’t decide if I really like it or whether its just my inner sixteen year old having a good ol’ raging dance p@rti.
Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teen, died after being shot by a community watch captain with white and Hispanic parents, George Zimmerman, in Florida.
3 Tablespoons salted butter
When I pressed Tanner on their reason for traveling this far north, he became evasive. He was pretty straightforward about being evasive … if that’s possible. They were on a specific mission. That much he confirmed. However, he stated simply that their mission was strictly on a need-to-know basis and we didn’t have a need to know.
I didn't think it was possible, but I may have found a quality in writing that is more elusive that voice - grounding. Those little details that make a story or a scene or a character real. My favorite example of this comes from C.S. Lewis' The Voyage of the Dawntreader:
Do you listen to any Contemporary Christian Music? Are you a fan? Who are some of your favorite artists? If you don't like Contemporary Christian Music, why not? Do you think that Christian artists are genuine in their missions or do you think they are just in it for the money and recognition?
What can I say? It was a teachable moment of sorts, and I punctuated it with the sinister/nebulous implied-threat tone to my voice that fathers everywhere learn in order to survive child-rearing. You fathers out there know the drill and you know the way one pitches one’s voice for that special effect. It requires physical equipment that women just don’t have. We can’t give birth, they can’t make that particular kind of ominous noise.
Elsewhere the statement says “Treasury Holdings has informed the Trustee-Manager that the issue of Treasury Asian Investments Limited (“TAIL”) has been raised by NAMA in the Irish Court Proceedings. The Trustee-Manager further wishes to clarify that (i) the history of the TAIL matter was disclosed in full in the Introductory Document issued in relation to TCT on May 21, 2010, and (ii) NAMA’s requirements of Treasury Holdings in relation to TAIL were agreed unequivocally by Treasury Holdings.”
YOU could be a WINNER!!!!
~ Judith Zukerman
Frank MacKay, the Independence Party chairman, went so far as to claim that not only didn't he know, but that he couldn't recall the name of the consultant who supposedly recommended he hire the firm. NYP January 30, 2010. Leaders of the city Independence Party -- which has been feuding with MacKay for years -- suggested the entire set-up might be "corrupt." On February 11, 2011 the NYP wrote DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft The DA filed court papers that described the party as a "noncriminal defendant" that helped political operative John Haggerty steal Bloomberg's campaign cash late in the 2009 mayoral race. According to court papers party VP Connolly and Haggerty also fabricated a written contract to make it appear the party had contracted with Haggerty to conduct the Election Day operation. . . Dennis Lemke, one of the party's lawyers, denied that the party knew of Haggerty's alleged million-dollar scam. He said the party was prepared to return any of the mayor's remaining funds -- but only to the mayor. A footnote in the indictment said party officials kept "a portion of the stolen funds." Campaign records show that Bloomberg wired $100,000 to the party's housekeeping account on March 12, 2009. Four days later, state party Chairman Frank MacKay received $60,000 from that account for unspecified "consulting" duties. Political insiders said the timing of the mayor's $100,000 donation indicates it was intended as a goodwill gesture, since he was negotiating at the time with MacKay's hated rivals in the city Independence Party, which controlled the Independence ballot line for mayor. Bloomberg ended up contributing $400,000 to the city Independence Party after securing the line * Indy Party chief in jam over wife loan The wife of the chairman of the state Independence Party solicited and received a $10,000 business loan from a candidate (Tabacco) who got the party's coveted endorsement days later. I implore the chair to explain to [party] members statewide if contracting with GRI is a prerequisite to the political-patronage machine called the New York State Independence Party," Tabacco said.* DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft(NYP) * Indy Party $till frozen(NYP) * The state Independence Party came under withering attack Tuesday from a judge who said it betrayed its members by poorly monitoring a $1.2 million donation from Mayor Bloomberg. "It doesn't smell right," Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Martin Shulman*Independence Party Accused of Failing to Monitor Funds - NYTimes The Manhattan district attorney’s office has also filed a civil suit against the party, accusing it of helping to cover up Mr. Haggerty’s scheme, a charge the party has denied. “Nothing here suggests anybody was watching the store,” the judge said. “I’m more interested in hearing why you believe you get a pass in terms of your chairman and your vice chairman not having a clue of where the $1.1 million went.”* SI DA Probe opened by Staten Island of Independence Party's $10G loan in exchange for City Council nod
The book, 'Just Imagine' is A4 format, 154 pages with a CD and illustrations.
If you were looking at a graph of my career as a writer, you'd see a nice steady upward climb, for the most part, since 1997. And then came 2010. What the hell happened in 2010? In my view, publishing collapsed.
and still stay true?
Whenever you are ready to join up with us, sign up on the Linky list or if you're not sure how to do that let one of us know and we'll add your blog to our list.
The oak shows as a wonderful spice note, well integrated, but could use a little time yet to lose its hard edge. Fine grain tannins and smoky oak really accentuate the spice and the seamless quality, coffee flavours starting to develop. A lovely wine, great with pasta, but I would love to try it in a few years too – 91/100 points.
While I’m doing quick and healthy cooking demos, it’s not uncommon for people to share their healthy eating stories. Recently, I was demonstrating at the Longmont Farmer’s Market and one of the shoppers shared this story of her disappointing experiment with quinoa.
In preparation of our ginormous chalkboard wall (yes, I know this is totally against what I said here and yes, I am still painting), I decided to add some magnetic paint on the lower part of the wall so that the kids could have somewhere to put fun magnets instead of the refrigerator. Here's a couple of my inspiration pieces.
Brian Quick: Greg Little
Feta Cheese Topped with
I'm dedicating this video of Mr. Bean to all students who are taking a break for Thanksgiving vacation, but who probably have some studying to do for exams that will await them when they return to campus. Take a break and enjoy the humorous side of the nervous endeavor of taking an exam and wondering if you studied the right thing!
First of all, I want to thank everyone for voting on my poll! There was a total of twenty-nine votes, with three for Kiefer Sutherland as David from The Lost Boys, three for Bela Lugosi as Dracula in the 1931 Dracula, two for Max Shreck as Count Orlock in Nosferatu, six for Christopher Lee as Dracula in the 1958 Dracula, four for Gary Oldman as Dracula in the 1992 Dracula, zero for Edward Cullen from the Twilight franchise, two for Angel from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, seven for Eric from True Blood, one for Lina Leandersson as Eli in Let the Right One In, and one for Brad Pitt as Louis de Pointe du Lac in Interview With the Vampire:The Vampire Chronicles.
place to start my day and to end each night. In my old studio, I surrounded
I just love their cute little coastal town. The race start was right down by the harbor, and though it was overcast when we arrived at 8 am, the sun quickly broke through.
The high cost of college education often serves as a deterrent for many, in getting a higher degree, especially when it comes to students from low income families. After all, the high costs, education loans and the resultant debt can scare anybody. Sometimes, a student fresh out of high school may feel that he is still not sure what he wants to do in his life so how can he decide which degree to opt for. Other reasons for deciding against going to college are finding oneself too ill equipped to handle the studies and pressures of college life, and when nobody from the family has ever had a higher education.
I only have one Christmas gift to make this year. It's for a friend who greatly admired a shawl I made last year, which ensured her a spot on the "people I'm willing to knit for" list. The gift shawl is not quite to the halfway point so there's enough pressure to keep me motivated but not quite so much that I am berating myself for not starting it sooner.
The emphasis in this approach is on retribution and punishment. Yet anyone who has had dealings with victims of the violence in Northern Ireland knows full well that most just want to know what happened to their loved ones. Who killed their father, brother, son, mother, sister, wife? Why did they do it, and did their loved one suffer?
-This above all: to thine own self be true,
"Running Wild" could have been recorded at any point from 1966 onwards, being pushed forwards by a stomping rhythm and simple riff, and sounds pretty great today. It's not a record of sophistication, but the whining guitar lines, lyrical concerns of "running wild and sleeping rough" and rock and roll journeymen tales do make it a bit of a primal beast, although never so uptempo that it doesn't have an agreeable dirty laziness to the rhythm as well. This was apparently something of a favourite on some club dancefloors at the time, although obviously that didn't seem to translate to record sales.
The random yelling on vent and everyone scrambling was worth it.
It sure was a busy one. Saturday was running errands and then some yard work. Yesterday I spent the day with my daughter and my son stopped with a wonderful card and gift.
Just as the Nagas of our Puranas are people and not actual snakes, I would think that the lizards, cats and kingfishers of their puranas, may have represented human tribes. Thus talking animals or lizards marrying cats should have no problems in being understood.
A big thank you if you have got to the end of this rather rambling first post (told you I need to practice my writing) and I hope you enjoy what is to come!
I really do want to do the right thing. I may try several ideas that aren’t quite right. Rather than getting all over my case about it, remind me that we’re doing this together. (Remember, I love being part of your team.) A little encouragement will go a long way. Not only will I feel better about myself, but my trust in you as a leader will grow, also.
the crisp morning air mingling
In the same shop I found this little packet of wood slices - they are about an inch and a half long and quite thin. I think that two of them may well find their way onto a couple of my book pages.
It's fun to think that some really impressive gardeny things that I've seen around could totally be ours one year with the help of Chris and mancrafts.
If there are creditors who are always calling your phone to collect a debt, then it will leave u feeling frustrated. If you file for any of these chapters, you will be able to find a way to settle this debts. These are some Texas and Bankruptcy information that you must know before you file. It is important that you seek a lawyer if you are planning to file this.
At the end of the trip, my oldest slams the back doors of our big purple van and says, "I don't know if they're exactly how you would put them. But they're in."
Do not take public transport. I repeat. Do not take public transport. Because you will have the hardest time of your life if you had taken public transport in the city without mastering the streets of Yangon nor you know the language very well.
1. Why didn't I write a romantic comedy that would become a Hollywood movie?
If you only knew one thing about a woman and had to guess her income, education level would be a good place to start. But when it comes to personal advice — to understanding our own lives — we know so much more than that. Only then — for example, after we have narrowed down the pool to college-educated, professional suburbanites between 40 and 50 years old — do the studies about women’s negotiating ability, shoe style, and so on, make a big difference. Marginal things matter, but for most people they’re not the causal story. Put another way, they matter more for populations than they do for individual readers.
Yes Yes, I sed it :)
to sink, it's hoped, in the earth,
17. Fat man
But I'm coming to realize that I can do something about when those feelings arise and not let them spoil what could be a beautiful or fun moment with my son.
It would appear a lot of people received bath salts from Dead Sea Magik.
But publishing my own novel has reminded me how our stories become a reader's most private moments. My prose becomes the voice whispering beside their own thoughts in their alone-time on the train, or the drowsy pre-dream period last thing at night. With that in mind, how could I not be true to my material? Obviously I'll take advice on what isn't working, but I won't change anything for markets and fashions. Our books outlast those anyway.
Follow, follow me!
Exhibit-goers will be able to record their own memories of the Dodgers and Ebbets at the “Post Game Wrap Up,” where an iMac will film their testimonies.
Because we only had about six hours in the Bahamas, we decided not to spend any real money on an excursion. We followed the crowds along the main street and set our sights on the free beach, Junkanoo Beach.
However you might have told the story to yourself while reading it, I don’t understand how you can have this reaction to encountering an entirely irrelevant racial disparity, and believe that it’s an acceptable reaction to have.
Another title frequently used by nonlawyers in the U.S. that can mislead foreign nationals is ”immigration consultant” or similar such term.
Happy Presidents’ Day!
Pen
While it certainly wasn’t the primary goal of the race, many were hoping a Formula 1 Grand Prix, would help start the healing process in Bahrain. On the back of political and social unrest for more than a year, Formula 1′s presence was a controversial one.
Although Dr. Treves lost touch with Mr. Merrick after their initial meeting, another circumstance of chance ultimately reunited them, this time preempting any other separation until the end of Mr. Merrick's life four years later at the age of twenty-seven. In was during these last years that Dr. Treves saw to it that Mr. Merrick, a man discovered to be of high intellect, manners, and sensitivity, enjoyed a secluded, comfortable, and dignified life in a quiet suite of rooms at the hospital. His wishes, however simple or fanciful, were indulged, and acknowledged with a sincere and moving gratitude which is an enduring lesson in humanity for all the ages.
Wednesdays = Zumba
For the 2009-2010 school year, just over 80% of students enrolled at my daughter's elementary school were eligible for free/reduced breakfast and lunch. Of that number I am unsure just how many participate, but the Breakfast in the Classroom link states nationally less than half of those eligible for free breakfasts (doesn't specify lunch numbers) currently take advantage.
This is not a one-time event it is a universal experience that when we travel through life some events and relationships that we engage in will go sour and others will fall away or become conflicted. I personally find that I grow faster if I stop associating disappointing times with bad luck, or negativity. If I genuinely look at these times I can see how I should have been clearer from the start with this person or not taken on a job that I knew was going to end in a loss. I can also be kinder with myself knowing that I grow when I take risks, make mistakes and I can try to see breakdowns as a way of breaking through and becoming clearer about my true intent and desires. My preconceived ideas that the world should always work for me is a sweet idea, but not exactly good for my growth. It would get boring to never have my dependence on safety, desire to be liked, and want to have everything in my life run smoothly to be challenged. I don’t like chaos but I do like getting clearer even if it hurts a little.
A total of about 1,500 Hispanic students receive special instruction under the terms of the decree.
as an Ex-Hippie, sort of, minus the protesting & flowers…
TwitterHi, jesse presley. You have a new direct message: elizaapresley: jesse, pleas…
A place like this stands in sharp contrast to the city gardens I've been stomping around the last few years. At the BBG the other day I watched a security gaurd yell at a woman who was settling down in the grass amidst the lilac grove. NO LYING ON THE GRASS!! Of course it makes sense, thousands of people have to be able to enjoy the gardens on any given day, rules alleviate the stresses of so much traffic.
The pictured set above (GC-011 Spellbinders Grand Calibur Junior Replacement Plates Full Set) includes the Junior sized A-Base Plate, B-Embossing Plate, C-Cutting Plate, and Junior Rubber Mat (this product contains Natural Rubbe Latex/NRL) - everything you need to cut and emboss Spellbinders die templates. These mats are designed to be flipped over and used on both sides. As with all manual die cut machines, cutting mats are consumable products and need to be replaced with use. Approx. Size: 8½ x 6″
Dr. Cox: That laughing had better not be aimed in my direction, bro.
A Proverbs 31 woman knits, crochets, and cross-stitches. She decorates like Martha Stewart and actually succeeds in her Pinterest crafts.
No - the unbearable heat has turned out to be too much for my fragile flowers, who will surely wilt in the sun.
At the station, Vega tells Britten he has a lead on a case. However, when they go to meet Vega's lead, the supposed pawn shop is a vacant storefront. When Vega admits the lead offered to help him for $100, Britten tells him he's been scammed. "If you have to buy it, it may be information. If they try and sell it to you, it's always BS." Britten adds, "Think of it as a rookie tax."
20 front squats (95#/65#)
After getting home we have experienced rain, rain, and more rain. Perhaps we came home a little too soon? But, alas, we had to come home when we did because Dave had to host a football officials board meeting at our house. I see that our lilac bushes are budding, so spring weather can't be too far off. In the meantime, we'll enjoy any short respite from the rain!
Under the Smoky Mountain pile of the past
her Anniversary she is giving away a HUGE BOX of scrappy goodness!! So what is
So you head over to Geocaching website and set your account up.... you look the the maps of where you want to go for a walk and see what caches are located in the vicinity and you input the co-ordinates to your GPS enabled device (I use my mobile phone).
I touched the white page of my journal, now covered with my writing. Then slowly I pulled from top to bottom. The paper made a sharp sound as it separated from the journal. All that was left were a few fragments of white paper where my mistake had once been. The picture couldn’t have been clearer.
We do not deny the aid rendered by prominent professional persons—as a matter of fact, we are grateful for their excellent assistance. Our Editorial Advisory Board consists of such outstanding educators as Dr. Lauretta Bender, Associate Professor of Psychiatry, School of Medicine, New York University; Miss Josette Frank, Consultant on Children's Reading, Child Study Association of America; Dr. C. Bowie Millican, Department of English Literature, New York University; Dr. W. W. D. Sones, Professor of Education and Director of Curriculum Study, University of Pittsburgh; and Dr. S. Harcourt Peppard, formerly Acting Director, Bureau of Child Guidance, Board of Education, City of New York, and now Director, Essex County (New Jersey) Juvenile Clinic.
Alexandria, La – The Alexandria/Pineville Area Convention & Visitors Bureau will host a Tourism Awareness Luncheon on Thursday, May 10, 2012, at the Alexandria Riverfront Center in downtown Alexandria.
We have three copies to give away to the first three people to answer this question:
Sodium: 337 mg
Match 4: Alex Shelley & Chris Sabin defeated Hernandez & Anarquia
A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Duke's eye.
10. Lift off the foil and baking beans and trim off the pastry around the rim. Put the flan, uncovered in the oven for five more minutes.
My recommendations: Again, like many of the glosses I featured in Glosswatch, I would like to see how this gloss works in other colors. (I'm particularly interested in the peachy Guavagold, red-gold Fireberry, and punchy-red Juicy Apple.) I'm definitely purchasing a new tube of this to replace the one I have right now, though, just for the staying power and the SPF. And definitely, definitely wearing this with mascara and eyeliner.
4 Intro Piece
Finally, two months later, redemption came. A friend paid for me to come stay with him, understanding that I had nothing I could do, that I was in a very bad place, and he didn't want to see me die. I stopped cutting, and I left a note for my mother on the computer the night I left. (I did not tell them I was leaving. I literally packed, and walked out at 2 AM into my new life.)
This is where it gets interesting (and hideous).
Last night was the easiest yet so I am hopeful we can get into that routine - they are probably just teasing me though and getting my hopes up. If we could keep going like last night it would be a definite improvement over what we had been fighting. I am laying on the floor beside the bed while he goes to sleep but since I am on the floor and not getting out of his bed I can get out once he goes to sleep easily and so far he has fallen right to sleep. I think some of that is what is bothering Callie though. She loves the bunk beds though and is happy as could be with them. She said they were even cooler than she thought they would be.
Oh how to my heart you endear.
The game is fun and I have my grandmother looking over me, putting high scoring words in my head. However, I still don't understand how this person got kicked off a plane because he was so into a game.
To straighten up the mess
There is no need for Malaysians to push the country to be a republic. “PR is still a Malay-dominated party. They would never turn Malaysia into a republic. We have Chinese and Indians in BN. They are in PR as well. As Malaysians they would not subscribe to this scheme,” said a political science lecturer in a local university in Selangor.
Maybe, the PM thinks he can listen to Idris later, which only means he has to call the polls sooner rather than later because, he may reckon, that after winning the polls he can raise the revenue that would finance his current munificence.
Not only that, but the meters only accept £1 coins (they do not take notes or cards).
Who’s your favorite video game villain?
What a wonderful few days!
Ya gotta dig that!
- In California, USA, in 1986, Judge Samuel King became so annoyed that jurors were absent from his court because of heavy rain that he issued a decree which stated "I hereby order that it cease raining by Tuesday."
It brings tears to my eyes, sometimes, when I see how much you’ve grown in how short a time. In a week you’ll be nine months old. You’ll have spent as much time outside of me as you did inside. It almost hurts for me to realize that because it means you’ve been everyone else’s for almost as long as you were just mine. I whined a lot when I was pregnant about how uncomfortable it was and how tired I felt, but the truth of it is that I miss that time we had to be just mommy and baby. Just us in our own little cocoon. Sharing everything. Drawing strength from the same food and having the same blood flow through our veins. It was so special to me.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t probably going to have at least one more glass of this, since it may be part of the Mellow Mushroom’s Beer Club 75 required beers. Yeah, I’ll get around to joining that at some point.
So woe be it to any kindly delivery man or neighbor should they lovingly ring the door bell when my son accidentally nods off for a nano second. I'm fairly certain my local flower delivery man checked to see if I was on the FBI's most wanted list after the not so happy reception he got when he attempted to play Chop Sticks on my door bell last week. To make it worse he didn't even have the right door! I think he should have given me the two dozen roses as an apology, but perhaps he was to scared to offer them to me.
The evidence shows that changes in tax rates that fall within the ranges that policymakers are debating have little impact on high-income individuals’ decisions regarding how much to work. As Leonard Burman, former head of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center (TPC), recently testified, “Overall, evidence suggests [high-income Americans’] labor supply is insensitive to tax rates.”[2] A marginal rate increase may encourage some taxpayers to work less because the after-tax return to work declines, but some will choose to work more, to maintain a level of after-tax income similar to what they had before the tax increase. The evidence suggests that these two opposing responses largely cancel each other out.
The hustings began with opening statements, during which the candidates made clear that they felt that the 30 year Labour stranglehold on Glasgow councils had to come to an end. Change was the word of the day, with even the Labour candidate acknowledging that it’s time for new blood, pointing out that both herself and the other Labour candidate running had never held a position before. That rang a little hollow though.
He had only the most basic of training in gun handling but did do some draws and some dry fire a couple times a week and live fired maybe once a month. That basic skill combined with knowing what to do was enough. He shot at the first possible moment despite having let the guys get the drop on them. When the gunman turned his head because a car drove by that was the opening. A split second is a long time sometimes.
If you would like to read more about my process and day to day life then pop in and say hello on my blog. I'd love to hear from you. Check out Emma's blog HERE.
Tithing was a legal requirement of the law. It was the giving of a tenth. The Pharisee was not satisfied with only a tenth. He gave a tenth of his income but also of all that he possessed. He was re-tithing. He was probably seeking commendation from God for his religious fervour.
Aurora is considered by many to be a step back, and I can understand why that would be. But there are things to be taken into account. Briar Rose was raised in the woods. The only people with whom she had ever interacted were three fairies who were not what anyone would call intelligent. She was put under a curse that was supposed to kill her. So, yes, she was saved by a man. But not some random prince who stumbled upon the palace, as the Grimm story says, but a man with whom Aurora had flirted (were either of the previous princesses so forward in their flirtations? Not that I noticed) and with whom she had decided to pursue a relationship. Prince Phillip is the first prince to have a name (and even a personality!) Philip is witty, headstrong, and brave. He has a quick temper, but is also quick to laugh. Aurora falls in love with Philip, the man she met in the forest, not with a prince who will save her from her life of servitude.
Yeah, right. Something happens to me when I get near someone who is even somewhat famous or when I have a camera pointed at me. It happened when I met Rusty Wallace many years ago. It happened when I went skydiving and was video taped before and after the jump. And, it happened when I got to the table where Ree was. My brain shuts down, my tongue sticks to the roof of my mouth and I face the camera, and the person I am meeting, like a deer caught in headlights! I was cool as a cucumber right up to the time the store employee took my camera from me, and another took my book. I was lightly moved toward the table where Ree sat. She looked up at me, smiled brightly and said "Hi Susan!" (Our names were printed on postie notes and stuck into the books so Ree would know who to make the autograph out to). I stepped up to the table, knelt down on one knee as I babbled about how great it was to finally meet her. The employee with my camera spoke to us and we looked toward her while she snapped a photo. I proceeded to babble something about how happy my hubby was that I cooked her recipes. "Oh, which one does he like the best?", she asked. Ahhh, Ranch Chicken I mumbled. She laughed and said "Bacon and cheese makes everything better!" I think I said something like yes, it sure does, and then I was being handed my camera and book and Ree said "Thank you for coming by" and I said again it was great meeting her and walked off. And, as I walked off, my tongue loosened up and my brain began to function again and I started kicking and laughing at myself for becoming so flustered by the meeting. I was telling my daughter about it today, and her and her hubby shared that they have both done exactly the same thing, recently, when meeting some members from a band they love. We all had a good laugh over our foolishness. :)
Carly’s tending to Gibby after he was assaulted by a bag of food.
Needless to say, with all that driving around, our daughters needed enter-tainment. They would often ask us to tell them stories. Well, Frank -- a native of voodoo-rich New Orleans and an enthusiastic fan of horror movies -- always, ALWAYS began his stories with something along the lines of "Once there was a flesh-eating zombie...." The girls would laugh and protest and insist on a zombie-free story.
First, I'd like to offer up the idea that while writers are influenced by their environment and by their own upbringing, the parents of unknown teens are a highly unlikely shaping mechanisms to their stories. Most of us write with only the vaguest audience in mind; many of us write for our various past selves. We're not thinking of anyone's parents, nor do I believe that teens shy away from reading about faith -- unless it's telling them how to have it, what type they should have, or creating it as an Issue in a preachy, moralizing way. Adults don't even want to read that, much less teens who have thousands of other options for their entertainment. Second, I'd like to suggest that perhaps agents and editors, seeing the big-picture marketing-wise, may offer guidance to their authors, but they can hardly, as a group, be characterized as afraid to represent and promote fiction containing religious content. Caution in many ways is justified, as we live in an increasingly polarized society in terms of faith - there are those who really do feel that because of theirs, and their moral stance, that they have the truth of things, and know what's best for everyone in society. It's obviously not always easy to maneuver through the submerged tensions on the topic of faith in fiction, but writers who write best are both reflecting their worlds, and opening a window on the world to others.
(Which is probably never. It will most likely end up on my list of “Things Which I Intend To Do, But Probably Will Never Get Around To Doing.)
Comment #566 - Belinda McNabb (confirmed)
In a couple of weeks, (they) will travel . A Music Tour", in California, in Washington, in Oregon.
If you read this piece as a romanticized recollection and a paean to a idealized world, then you can enjoy it for the prose and the peace it evokes, even though you may know that behind the beautiful perfection of the tobacco fields lies the horrible truth of the deaths that tobacco has cause and that behind the freedom the boy feels lies the drudgery of farm life. But you cannot question the “meaning” of this piece, for Berry is very explicit about what he means here, as well he should in an essay. The success of an essay depends on how well the author achieves his or her intention; the success of a story depends more on narrative exceeding mere intention or didactic purpose.
So here’s a touchy subject: we know that many people in prison have mental health problems. Some of these are addictions which led to the need for acquisitive offending in the first place, but whilst addictions are ‘counted’ as mental disorders, they are not always disorders that require inpatient mental health care. Other prisoners have psychotic conditions and campaigners have argued that more of the psychotic prisoners need to be move across from prison to health. No argument about that here.
They so enjoyed fluid mechanics that the following week one of the boys brought in a hydraulics kit that they spent the class exploring. Something about boys and water...
have named their favorite paddle or strap. I just bought a tawse and I think I may give it a name.
Be democratic.
risk is full: every living thing in
Kyle from Just a Bit Outside or JABO is doing his 5th Box Break. Kyle is busting 4 boxes from the mid 2000s decade. 2003 Bazooka, 2003 Flair, 2005 Topps Chrome Series 2, and 2008 SP Authentic. I think there are 13 guaranteed hits plus some great inserts in the Bazooka set. There are a few teams left including the Brewers and Blue Jays for $5 per team with a small shipping charge. I missed out on the first 3, but I got a big hit (but not the biggest) in his 4th so I definitely wanted in on this one.
I’m so over this bullshit already – a part of me keeps thinking I should’ve chained myself to a mortgage a couple of years ago when I was thinking about it.
In nearby England, a blameless captive of the French prison The Bastille, Dr. Alexander Manette is released, but his ransom price is heavy- his mind is all but broken. Only with the loving and constant nursing of his daughter Lucie and the help of an old banker is he able to recover. Meanwhile, Charles Darnay, a young immigrant from France, is put on trial for a crime that he did not commit. Proven innocent by a man (who looks curiously alike him, but could be no more different,) named Sydney Carton, he is freed to live another day.
A day or two passed and the boys asked if not once, a dozen times if I thought they would ever hear from Peg. One boy even said to the other, "Why would a famous author talk to us?"
Colour Symbolism:
I’m all for artists making comebacks and being relevant again, but not at this cost. Lil’ Wayne and the Young Money camp are vastly different than the older hip hop acts that Durst is accustomed to working with. To me it sounds like a desperate attempt by Durst to gain some fame back and money grab, not music ploy, from the New Orleans based label to see if Durst can still pull that cross over audience. I’m a big hip-hop and rap fan, but this move really bugs me. I used to be a Limp Bizkit fan when I was younger but I was glad that their time passed. If I wanted to relive the late 90′s I’ll Vh1 Classic and not the new Fred Durst video.
The phrase ‘The Guard’, by the way, is used as in someone who is a member of the Irish police force, the Garda
Cook till the drumstick pieces are dry.Check the salt
What would you add to the list? Share your suggestions in the comment box below.
My neighborhood is a common training ground for serious, professional cyclists, as it's quite steep. They whiz past me in their tight little neon-green outfits and aerodynamic sunglasses and raise their pointer fingers approximately one centimeter in greeting, while I huff and puff and slog my head over toward them and grunt, "Hi," sounding like Marge Simpson's sister Selma, between sniffs and groans.
I think the storm (I hear they are called a microburst) lasted probably less than a minute but it felt like SO much longer. When it was all over everyone was safe but our camp was decimated. All of my stuff survived but only because we were on the side more sheltered by the trees, my siblings were not so lucky. Three tents were literally torn to shreds and their poles bent beyond repair. Everything we owned had sand in it. Even my camera which had been in my tent, in it's case, was full of sand. My sister's family spent the night in their van as nearly everything they brought was destroyed. The next day we packed up and left.
I have been wanting to try this top on for a while now and was happy to see the purple motif hanging in my store (it's been sold out online since like a week after it debuted). I grabbed an X-Small and Small in both colors and in the end decided the Small was the better fit. The X-Small was a little too fitted through the ribs and waist...just not quite as flattering. I really loved both colors, but I think I would go for the purple if I could find it by the time is hits sale. I envision this being so cute with my Peppering Skirt and Poetic License purple and blue heels. The one thing I don't love about this top is that the material is a little stiff. It doesn't flow as easily as I would hope and because of that, fits a little odd in the bust area. It even pulls a bit when clearly, there is no reason there should be any pulling action going on. Again, not super blessed on my top half. It's not a deal breaker for me though, and I would love to score this on sale. Hoping there are some purples still around by then!
So, welcome, to another edition of VOTW: Victory of the week!
Execute- act-
-kb swings (about 18-20 lbs. I think..)
Day 4: I receive a tidy rejection email. It doesn’t hurt as much as I thought it would, just a little sting like a shot in the arm. The quick turn-around time is more surprising. Was it so bad they didn’t need to spend much time on it or it was so good they wanted to get back to me right away out of respect? I pretend not knowing the answer to this question.
Fuck you. I am gnomercyforoldmen, some might call me The Village Idiot, but you may call me Sir. It isn’t like I can just tell you what I do for Mr. Sharp, I have to show you. Except then Mr. Sharp, who is devilishly handsome and good natured, might get jealous. Let’s just say that what I do for Mr. Sharp is provide him with a deeply penetrating knowledge of certain thrusts and flourishes that only a man of my certain expertise can offer. When I am not making an ass out of Mr. Sharp, I am making an ass out of myself by ranting and raving about other people’s inadequacies. When I am not bitching, I play games, read and pretend to learn new things. What the fuck ever…
- Pamela G.
We also had some pretty deep conversations. She was hurt with how news of my divorce went down. I was upset with her for lack of support and for acting like a victim. There is still some tension there, but we fixed things a little bit last night. This has been sitting for two years, so it was good to talk in person.
Relativity’s success is owed in part to its relationship with others, both as a partnership matter and in technical terms. There is already integration between Equivio and Relativity with the Equivio Tab in Relativity which brings e-mail threads and near-duplicate handling into Relativity. Reed Smith has already been using Relativity as a hosted platform and can continue to develop its workflows now that it has a more permanent stake in it.
Well Alex, first you gotta understand that kissing is a lot like eating an extremely delicate fruit. Now I’m gonna go through the steps of becoming a fantastical kisser. Step 1, brush your teeth. If you brush your teeth with dog (bad word), you’ll probably have a hard time getting anyone to kiss you. Second step will be gum. The more minty the flavour, the more likely your date won’t throw up in your mouth. Third step to being an excellent kisser is stay away from onions and garlic. There’s nothing worse than moving in for the kiss and getting the hint of death on the other person’s lips.
Baskin writes of Balentine:
But (why is there always a but?) the well-known 99 maximum weeks will soon be a thing of the past.
Also, it’s pretty much the only time in my life where I’m asked by almost everyone I see how I’m feeling. I definitely need to be careful about this ego boost – I don’t want to get into a Duggar situation just because people seem to like me more when I’m pregnant. I don’t think my husband’s heart could take it. Speaking of which, it is absolutely hilarious to have hubby speak to my stomach; this is mostly because he chooses his words very carefully so as to shape the baby’s mind in a certain way. For example, he spent half of the Super Bowl shouting at my stomach “Tom Brady sucks!” The indoctrination must start early. On the bright side, we shouldn’t have any problems with the baby sleeping because hubby has a lot of theories and knowledge to impart to his offspring.
Takes stunning pictures
"I'm sickened by how (these organisations) are harassing me.''
The nineteenth century dislike of romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass.
Not just in Russia is this word used in the context of marriage. Many cultures use this word to describe a happy marriage which just for the record bothered me within 2.2 seconds of the new year beginning when I first began researching what BLISS meant. After all, I'm divorced and don't think I have ever experienced BLISS in any relationship I've ever had. But, as my daughter continues to tell me daily, when it's time MOTHER, when it's time.
I didn’t end up getting back until 4 AM, to discover…..my roommate still awake. What the actual hell? How late do I have to stay out in order for her to be in bed before I am? Every single time I stay out she still is up later than I am, by at least half an hour. I don’t understand. Anyway, since she was up, I was as loud as I wanted and even took the time to call my mom and talk loudly.
An odd first choice, I know. While mainly a game focused around combat, this sequel upped the ante on both puzzles and platforming, and the standout sequence where you chased after messenger God Hermes managed to be both exhilarating, challenging, and rewarding without ever overwhelming to the player. How does it manage this? For one thing, unlike the previous games, there are two primary buttons used for platforming. The X button both jumps and glides, and the R1 button cause Kratos to swing and slide down walls. When compared to games that only use one button for platforming, it’s shocking how much more of an impact this has on how the player perceives their actions, as alternating between buttons FEELS significantly more impactful and challenging despite the controls being relatively simple. Apart from controls, the design of this sequence uses two important elements. The first is that you are chasing someone, so already there is a sense of urgency to the platforming that you don’t have in most of the game. Secondly, many sections you are navigating across are dangerous—not only must you chase Hermes, but you must scale a rapidly burning bridge, jump across treacherous falling platforms, and dodge debris collapsing around the area. It’s bombastic enough to be exciting but never overwhelming, challenging without being frustrating. Lastly, it combines all the skills you’ve learned up until this point in the game. They key in that sentence? Skills! It’s next to impossible to design a sequence this memorable when you give the player almost no input on their actions. This section allows a sense of satisfaction that other, less skill-based platformers fail to achieve, while still keeping in line with the rest of the title’s twitch-action gameplay.
Yea! Theres no resolution
One night as I put my head on my pillow I heard a roar as something tried to enter my body. I cried out, “Jesus help me!” The attack stopped and I lay there for a few minutes paralyzed by what had happened. I called Pastor Fred and we prayed on the phone and afterward I went to sleep.
III
Next year I hope to make some fabric boxes that break down flat because not having something hard does make the stacking of gifts not so neat. Sunshine's first Christmas I ran out of fabric so we just stuffed things unwrapped with just ribbon and a label. The kids were just as excited. We also plan on making next year an entirely handmade Christmas for our extended family too. We'll be alerting them to it and I'm going to share with my MIL stuff I'm making for my nieces and nephews.
Be.
We had just stopped. I knew it was a ploy. Evil had entered my car and was taking control of my daughter.
Malchus remembered the first time he had seen Mary. He had been playing in the streets when Mary, about 20, had helped him find his ball, which had rolled underneath a tanner’s booth.
Answer: According to tradition, they have two functions. Elijah will speak to the Jews. It says in the Gospel that they asked Jesus if Elijah had come yet. Some said that John the Baptist was Elijah, who was supposed to come to reconcile the fathers to the children. And Jesus said that he had come in a certain sense, i.e. in a spiritual sense. Most people, however, would not accept this. Therefore, the real Elijah comes at the end of time to reconcile the fathers (the Jews) to the sons (the Gentiles). And Enoch will speak to the rest of the people. In other words, it will be quite clear at that time that Antichrist has come and that there are the two prophets telling that this is Antichrist.
UKIP ‘front-line‘ spokeman Christopher Monckton has called on the far-right British Freedom Party to “come back and join” UKIP, in a video interview.
Penang Barisan Nasional deputy chairman Zainal Abidin Osman condemned the state government’s ‘Program Anak Emas Pulau Pinang’ as it is clearly politically motivated.
Professor Alderman wrote a fascinating article in The Times on 18th June A grotesque bidding game is undermining university standards” – confronting the issue of degree inflation, the pressure on lecturers to mark examinations leniently and the issue of plagiarism.
Prairie View DE/OLB in an interesting prospect who absolutely dominated the Southwestern Athletic Conference this past season, accounting for a record-breaking 20.5 sacks, breaking the record formerly set by Robert Mathis, who has now went on to become a pro bowl player with the Indianapolis Colts. The thing that is most intriguing about Hamilton is that before enrolling at Prairie View A&M he was a highly coveted high school prospect coming out of well-known Dallas Carter High School, where he played alongside 49er’s WR Michael Crabtree. After initially enrolling at Oklahoma State out of high school, Hamilton was asked to grey shirt on account of the coaching staff handing out too many of their allotted 25 scholarships. Forced to make a decision, Hamilton chose to move on from Oklahoma State and walk on at Texas Tech to play alongside his former high school teammate Michael Crabtree, and under then head coach Mike Leach.
Now Boehner is complaining about President Obama spending his time campaigning instead of running the country. Boehner needs a mirror.
Hmmmm....sounds like a perfect Valentine's Day gift, right?
Just a side note -- I made this again a day later and threw in two eggs. Delicious! It was definitely an awesome breakfast with the added eggs. I feel full and happy :0)
Half-time chitchat continued: “American commentators (I suppose I should include myself here) sometimes use ‘unreal’ to describe a performance almost unbelievable in its quality,” yeehaas Christoper Burke. “I’m not sure if the word is employed the same way across the pond. Perhaps that’s the origin of Cech’s “surr eal” match. I’m in favor of using artistic movements to describe sporting performances. I thought Barca’s effort in the second leg was a bit Rococo myself. And Chelsea’s had shades of Dadaism, since some accused them of playing anti-football.”
During the 2004/05 financial year about 6,000 protests were officially recorded, an unknown number of protests went unrecorded, and about 1,000 protests were illegally banned. This meant that at least 15 protests were taking place each day in South Africa at this time. However the number of protests has escalated dramatically since then and Business Day reports that "2009 and 2010 together account for about two-thirds of all protests since 2004" There was a dramatic surge in protests shortly after Jacob Zuma first took office and the number of protests was ten times higher in 2009 than in 2004 and even higher in 2010. The number of protests reached an all time high in 2010/2011 and can therefore be said to be escalating. -- (Source: Wikipedia)
Next was a trip to Grand Rapids to visit my adopted family, Jeff, Catrina, Amelia, and Justine. They were, as usual, wonderfully hospitable. I forced them to go to a bike race to watch the famous Breezer in a race. They even pretended to enjoy it. The real tell will be when they start riding their bikes. Then I’ll know they enjoyed it...
Judith Ann Spann d/o John Spann & ? Parks
The more I think about it, the more I realize how beautiful this gift of sudden unemployment is. In some way, I have been hoping for this for years. But for it to have come earlier would not have been ideal. The reason it is so wonderful is the timing. I needed this precisely at this time. It is this kind of realization that makes me feel that God truly is, quietly, subtly, in my corner.
Several maps available online vividly dramatize the controversy. The Cougar Network, a nonprofit research organization, charts verifiable sightings based on a set of rigorous scientific criteria. It requires corroboration by independent experts and tangible physical evidence. Its map shows only a scattering of sightings since 1990 in the eastern two-thirds of the country with the majority concentrated in the Prairie States and Midwest. The site states that the cougar appears to be repopulating part of the prairie and possibly some parts of the Midwestern and Southeastern states.
In the above citation Jesus claims to be present with all the true believers in the same sense and to the same degree that the Father is! And:
Bro turns on his stool and looks into the face of a young black man. He has on a White Sox baseball cap twisted to one side. He’s certain that he’s never seen this man before.
Departing tomorrow at 3am, Saturday October 15, seven men from the New Horizons ABF will gather to pray and to say farewells. The team will travel to the other side of the world--to the Central African Republic (CAR). These seven men leave Wooster Grace to share God's love in a real way.
*1 Blog post a week on your personal blog (using 1 of the cards you made for your monthly quota)
If you want to mate and successfully raise your young, it pays to be big. At least among gorillas.
-”Do you love him.” her sister asked her .
Perhaps she is attempting to mold him into something “properly orcish” rather than any attempt to get him to embrace “what he truly is.” To her, that is “Go’el.” A Mag’har orc of the traditional style. if so, does she love what Thrall is, right now, or does she love an idea of what she’d like him to be? Who is she to say what he truly is? Nothing is written anywhere. There is no decree by his people or his parents that he must not be Warchief and instead be a shaman, or that he must be this Go’el and not Thrall.
Serenity loved getting the chance to walk around outside...not sure how interested she was in the animals. She did see some of them, like the giraffes, meerkats and sun bears, but overall, she was just happy to spend time outside!
Dear Trademark Applicant /Opponent:
and the latter about shaping
What’s more, the Bridgewater Community Association evicted her tenant, changed the locks and moved in its own renter.
Well it’s March and mommy has been super busy with school and me! Finally she decided to update my blog! So here is what I’ve been up to lately!
Father, as we continue with your Son on his way to the cross, cleanse the depths of our hearts, so that we rejoice at what makes you glad, and weep for what saddens you. Unite us ever more closely with the merciful heart of your Son, who gave himself for us sinners, and is alive and reigning with you and the Holy Spirit, God for ever and ever. Amen.
Chase and I have been running around putting things away this morning when I passed by my craft room and much to my amazement, it actually looks.... normal. Especially the closet! I got super lucky and have a large walk in closet - perfect for all my stuff! I'll be changing out some of the wire baskets for closed boxes and I still need to thin out my paper collection but I'll get there. Probably not this week but sometime soon I hope! I've also decided I'm in desperate need of a sewing table!
I think that covers the background, from my point of view, for the critique of and exchange with Lawrence Auster that motivates this post. What follows in some places requires more detailed understanding of Auster’s positions and terminology. Sorry about that. Most readers who have gotten this far probably know it anyway. I believe this issue is critical. If even those who oppose PC do not think we should be free to speak of any and all topics, from any and all sources, even when threatened with extinction, then what hope do we have?
What kind of poetry do you write? I am most comfortable writing in free verse, and have a natural tendency to write condensed, short, abbreviated, concise poems, that are also fragmented and sometimes ambiguous. Nature frequently features, and I hope to be non-sentimental and use fresh language. It’s a goal I rarely obtain, but still I try. I also tend to write memoir-esque or confessional poems, but get bored with my own stories. I don’t tend to write formal verse, but would like to be able to write a decent sonnet. I think a good haiku is all one really needs in life, but love to read serial poems, or narrative poetry. And I love prose poems. Some of my favorite works I have read in the last few years have been long poems, such as Shannon: A Poem of the Lewis and Clark Expedition by Campbell McGrath or Lisa Olstein’s Lost Alphabet, a collection of prose poems that read like a strange and wonderful narrative.
Lots of jankers, son.
So we see that the Danish government was complicit in this shameful commercial capitulation. Denmark’s government, it seems, is not monolithic. The American analogy might be the State Department versus the Defense Department — one agency ready to surrender obsequiously to any demand, the other standing firm on behalf of American interests.
We ask that you have 3 images you are ready to apply with. Each must be no wider than 1000 pixels or no more than 700 pixels in height. Resolution must be 72 dpi. Our only suggestion is to choose three images that show some consistency while staying true to the type of work you are most interested in. At this point, the work will not be chosen based on theme or style. Whether you consider yourself a journalist, a collage artist or whatever, it just doesn’t matter.
Wrapped in sleep and warmth
Yes, we're getting guns. Simply put, I have one kid who wants to shoot targets, and another who wants to hunt. In some ways, we're preparing for the inevitable zombie apocalypse and need to be able to practice our double tap. In others, we're wondering what happens if the country declares bankruptcy, I lose my job, and we have to eat squirrels and rabbits and such. And yet another reason - if you've ever fired a weapon on a range at a target, you know how challenging and fun it can be. So, we're getting guns.
president and thereby to lay the curse of racism to rest?
Caye Caulker is a small island near a 185 mile barrier reef in the Caribbean. The island takes about 30 minutes to explore by foot and is home to a lively group of island locals, spicy flavors, and plenty of golf carts. There are no cars on the island so the people travel around only by golf cart or bike. We found a cute second story hotel room that resembled a tree house with its wooden exterior and palm frond roof, had a comfortable hammock on our deck, and a view of the ocean. The beaches here don’t make for the best swimming because the water close to shore has lots of sea grass, so we spent lots of time at “The Split”. The island separated into two over time and left a 75 foot gap. They have now put a sandy beach, bar, and restaurant there for people to enjoy while swimming. It was a great spot because the water was clear, warm, and deep. Any time we were feeling hot we would walk the five minutes to “The Split”, and dive right in.
ASG
That may be so, nevertheless it would be interesting to know how many white South Africans presently are leaving the country on one-way tickets. And it would be interesting, also, to know how many white South Africans — in the current climate of violent crime and relentless vilification of whites by black ANC politicians — have given up hope that there could ever be a secure future in this land for themselves and their children and who now are making arrangements to pack up and go.
car stereo with bluetooth Bluetooth Screenless Hands-Free System; No Need For A Screen-System Offers A Voice Menu For Accessing Its Functions; Blends In Seamlessly Inside Any Vehicle; Automatic Phonebook Synchronization; Training-Free Multi-Speaker Voice Recognition; Speech Synthesis Of Names In Phonebook; Contact Management-Up To 2,000 Contacts Per Phone; Easy Installation, Brand ParrotMade for iPodIntegrates with your CarWireless Remote ControlMade for iPhoneHands Free Driving and Music Streaming
Spare chain links (SRAM gold links)
And little girls love to talk about babies.
27
The slayings of Eve Carson and Lauren Burke bear a chilling similarity to another awful crime, notorious across the internet, but still largely suppressed by the US media, which happened just over a year ago, the car-jacking and violent rape and murder of Channon Christian and Christopher Newsom in Knoxville Tennessee.
An updated version of his famous line might be:
Question for everyone
Synopsis (from Indiebound): I won't describe what I look like. Whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse.
3) Claim your airline refund
WALLS C. Reasons that health care workers decline influenza vaccination in a New-Zealand hospital environment. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2000; 21: 249-250.
This wonderful place is so vast and colorful that goes beyond real. It is characterized by a large group of tall sandstone buttes, being the largest over 1000ft high.
Be back later this week with a nail tutorial or something, I pinky promise. It’s contest season, all the teachers are realizing it’s the end of the year and they haven’t taught us enough yet, work’s starting to get busier since it’s so nice 0utside, all that jazz.
More crawling, and I'm soon stabbed right in the thigh by another gremlin - with a cardboard dagger I'm guessing, since it did all of 2 stamina damage. I kill him, and find he's hoarding a "gold ingot" worth 28GP, but so heavy I have to drop something else in order to carry it.
There's no mention of Atlantic Yards, but, again, that shouldn't be surprising, given Markowitz's position as prime Atlantic Yards booster.
Being the little brother of an established rock star is a mixed blessing. Sure you can get more hype for your crap band but you will forever be in the shadow of the dickhead that kicked your ass when you were little. Here at Ill Con Labs we have been doing extensive research on the phenomena of little brother bands and we have come to this conclusion: THEY ARE ALL SHITTY.
Tomorrow is parent teacher conferences. It’s always nice to get face time with all the parents of my students…well, usually it’s nice. Regardless of what happens, I smile…real or fake it’s a smile, kind of like a fake Gucci bag.
For this project we were to create a comic page in color and black and white. My comic takes place in ancient Egypt. A time where Gods and Goddesses ruled, and where humans looked to them for guidance. A child taken from her home in the middle of the night ends up at the gates of the Gods. The demon Ammut finds and raises the girl in the land of the Gods. The girl grows up happy but wrestles with one God in particular. Anubis is the only God she can never impress, in fact he barely talks to her. She finds him infuriating but intriguing so she strives to get his attention.
I stood staring, then turned and walked away. He'd answered the question about whether it was funny with something unintelligible and an I guess so. He was on a ladder and seemed frozen, like he didn't know whether to ascend or descend.
What is more, when the Turks go into battle their war-cry is no other word than “Allah! Allah!” and they shout it till heaven and earth resound. But in the Arabic language Allah means God, and is a corruption of the Hebrew Eloha. For they have taught in the Koran that they shall boast constantly with these words, “There is no God but God.” All that is really a device of the devil. For what is it to say, “There is no God but God” without distinguishing one God from another? The devil, too, is a god and they honor him with this word; of that there is no doubt. In just the same way the pope’s soldiers cry “Ecclesia! Ecclesia!” To be sure: the devil’s ecclesia! Therefore I believe that the Turks’ Allah does more in war than they themselves. He gives them courage and wiles, guides sword and fist, horse and man. What do you think, then, of the holy people who can call upon God in battle, and yet destroy Christ and all God’s words and works, as you have heard?
There were limits: Blacks were almost never officers. However, the commentary from that time period shows an equality and lack of racial animosity that existed among American sailors. On merchant ships and U.S. Navy ships, everyone ate together and worked together. Racial boundaries took a back seat to the rules and regimentation of shipboard life. It is speculated that the depersonalization and dehumanization that all sailors suffered under the stern discipline of shipboard rules made race recede in significance. The book quotes a visitor to a New Orleans seaport who noted with wonder that Black seamen might “give 20 lashes with the end of a rope to white sailors, but ashore they dare not even look him in the face.”
One concept was to me, bold, strong and a bit modern looking instead of understated. Not what I would normally select. I put it aside concentrating on the others until I went back and reviewed a question he had asked and my answer which was build a "brand".
YANP: Do they choose composers that they would be interested in performing or do you suggest, um…
The Moderns (Alan Rudolph and John Bradshaw)
Dontcha know I’ll never fall in love again
5.Lovers Question
So it is from the perspective of my experiences that I understand why so many people are able to disregard Equal Money so instantly and pass it off so easily as a silly Idea.
I was so busy blogging away that I actually missed my 500th post! Oooops!
RIBBON, RIBBON AND MORE RIBBON!!
It crosses borders. If you think in terms of countries, you don’t understand how these people work.
I can’t crawl under a rock and wait to see if life will happen or go away. Wish I could. I’ve been told it’s about the path that gets you there. Well, I always choose wrong. But this bottle of bourbon…It tastes like Robert Johnson’s “I’m a Steady Rollin’ Man”. Softly the notes wash over me, and, for however many moments, my head is peaceful-like.
Gaddafi and his remaining loyalists decided to leave, further south towards Wadi Jaref.
I'm not going to say I've never won anything before because I have. However, in a year of blogging I have yet to see a competition that wasn't for UK residents only. This time I wrote Kate a note saying that I would be visiting my sister in London very soon so I could therefore pick up any prize that I might win within the UK postal area and I just wanted her know in case it made a difference. She wasn't fazed by my geographcal location and I was thrilled to read this post today - Thank you Kate. Which all goes to show: it doesn't matter where you are, it's where you're at.
For those who suffer from depression, I think it’s probably wise to stay away from it. Like so many other books that seem to glorify death, it’s probably something that can be used as a tool to promote one’s own suicide.
-hello?! paper bags?!
I left Raleigh and made it into Greenville by 3:30, when the rehearsal started at 4. To me, this was better than a high school class reunion. I lived and breathed concert choir in high school, and most of my friends were older than me. Next year (2013) marks my 20 year high school reunion, which I will likely not attend. When I went to my 10 year reunion, none of the people that I was close to and looking forward to seeing actually showed up. And that was before facebook existed.
There are some seriously fantastic designs I'm up against but I love a good challenge so if you don't mind...pop on over to the website or click on the voting badge to the right on my blog and please vote.
William T. Dean, 35, Floral Park, N.Y.
Before the Act, IP that was developed at institutions such as universities was dealt with under the general IP statutes, such as the Patents Act 1978, the Designs Act 1993, and the Copyright Act 1978. The new legislation is of utmost significance to research institutions, as well as to any entity that is considering embarking on collaborations with such institutions or even with individuals at such institutions. In every case where there is use of public finance, for example in the form of professors' wages, office space, use of facilities, or use of existing IP, the Act will kick in. Potential donors and collaborators need to be alert to the fact that even if they are contributing significant resources to a research project with a local university or institution, anything less than funding on a full cost model, will result in a severe curtailment of the ability of the funder to decide on the status of the resultant IP.
WERE IT NOT FOR POLES LIKE POPE JP2 AND LECH WALESA EUROPE MIGHT STILL BE UNDER SOVIET DOMINATION.
Pictures… (once more, all shoot with the x100)
Other studies have concentrated on the benefits of eating fruits and vegetables. One researcher, Dr. Gladys Block, who was at one time an epidemiologist at the National Cancer Institute (NCI), grouped together over 200 studies up to 1991 that linked diet with cancer. She concluded that as people ate more fruits and vegetables, the risk of cancer decreased.
And on her silver cross soft amethyst,
After a relaxing weekend watching football and napping, the first real week of BOLC-B begins. This is our Common Core tasks, such as Land Navigation, Marksmanship, Convoy Operations, and some other things thrown in. I believe we were supposed to do Combatives during this 3 week period, but rumor has it we are doing these during the last couple of weeks because of all of the holidays coming up.
enjoying the adulation that the inferior car drivers were giving me,
While some matters seem to be a mystery—others are not. Some fundamental guidelines are given throughout the Bible. Using these guidelines as a foundation, we can start to build a basic framework in our understanding of the will of God. As we seek Him for clarification in the ‘not so obvious’, we will get to know Him–and His will better.
Joshua Nkomo was, broadly, Mr Mugabe's contemporary, and a Zimbabwean liberation leader of impeccable credentials.
For the next step, take the long length that is NOT the lead length, and put it underneath both the lead length and shorter lengths, and pull it through the loop that has formed on the right hand side.
Oh how I love my slow cooker! It does all the work for me and all I have to do is eat! I knew I wanted to make Avery beef stew and did not want to waste so I bought enough meat to use as a meal for us. This meal has a total of 5 ingredients, two of which are veggies. My husband was very happy when I made this meal. He could have eaten the pot all himself!
I keep presenting this lesson to our kids about how dealing with personalities, differences and emotions within our family is a microcosm for the macro of our relationship with our brothers and sisters of the greater world around us. Learning to love the things that annoy us the most in our siblings and even in our parents is a hard lesson (heck, I'm 42 and just now getting it) but if doing this work within our own family will help us to connect with the world around us easier and on some deeper level then what a great reward. Having that kind of compassion is difficult in so many ways but there it is everyday...right in our faces, over and over again. It wouldn't surprise me if there are those who think living this way is downright cruel to our kids. Togetherness can be too much of a good thing can't it? But my question is how do we stretch, how do we grow, how do we come to terms that there is always going to be things that exist in others that just rub us the wrong way?
after all. It's about having the courage to undo the laces, remove the shoes, & walk (or run!) barefoot in the grass! It's about having the courage to remove the shackles and live in freedom! Living unbridled, unfettered, FREE! It's a great way to be.
I will pick a random winner this weekend..
“Set in a future where the Capitol selects a boy and girl from the twelve districts to fight to the death on live television, Katniss Everdeen volunteers to take her younger sister’s place for the latest match.”
smells of ocean
freehand . . . cardboard template . . . tape-up
For all the nice support and friendship i'm going to send my loyal blogfriends a little package. To thank you for that. I also received this week a package myself from my blogfriend Renilde. I love her art a lot. I love the fairytales she spins and the beautiful blues she uses on her palette. A special Renilde blue. :-) Thank you so much sweet Renilde for your beautiful gift, i am very happy with it!!!! Very much so.
Name: Pookie
My diet on two words:
_____If it walks like a duck, acts like a duck, looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck... Then it must be a duck. Same proverb works for sluts too...
feathers one by one)
p.p.s. I forgot to take a before picture, the top and bottom pictures are "afters," but there are hundreds of "befores" on the blog, so I'm sure you know how crazy his hair was before :)
Very interesting article about alcohol, weight loss/gain, and how hard booze is on the body. All you drunks who are boozing all the time yet so judgmental of anyone who does anything else should read this and stop forcing your outdated beliefs upon others. Plus, alcohol is a depressant, makes you sad quickly. Right, Robert Roy of Oak Park, IL?
VG then proceeded to publish an article based on my confidential police statement, in which they used lies and distortions to present me as having egged Breivik on by email while he was preparing his terror attacks. I told them in no uncertain terms that I have no interest in making money for them by being urinated upon in public, and then granting them an interview explaining to the general public how it’s like to be urinated upon in public.
Journey to the River Sea ~ by Eva Ibbotson (Brazil)
In Die for Me, Amy Plum created a captivating paranormal mythology with immortal revenants and a lush Paris setting. Until I Die is poised to thrill readers with more heart-pounding suspense, spellbinding romance, and a cliff-hanger ending that will leave them desperate for
Baking Soda*
It's Mild month. I keep telling myself that in case I forget. "Mild March is Month." I mutter as I stand at the tram stop. At least it gains me plenty of personal space.
Ananda answered: ” Buddha who eat will know that you are full, I take nothing and I am hungry.”
While not quite in the same as the Sparkle event, there's the Summer Party next week at Chams. I'm looking forward to that and with a bit of luck, the weather will remain cool and it'll be a good one. Stuff to look forward to eh?
After some well-deserved Obama bashing with a dash of ‘Republicans do it too’ (even though not nearly at the whole new level previously mentioned) Milbank needs to ask a question and get off the stage:
I LOVE to travel.
For the price of a pair of Louboutin's you can get yourself a totally custom made pair of heels. Not sorta custom, not a little customized, but entirely custom! London based shoe designer Emmy has designed footwear for a variety of the highest end fashion houses and is now focused on making bespoke wedding shoes out of her boutique on Cross Street. Each style of shoe can be customized by color, adornment, material, and heel height. Her wide range of shoe shapes and variety of bells and whistles leaves no doubt that the pampered bride will get exactly what she's after.
as per my last post - i've had a shore house for over 20+ years - a little back info on myself - i've been a "save the earth" girl since elementary school - ONLY using recycled paper, everything had to be the earth on it, and i started my family to recycle before you HAD to .. i'm no major tree hugger - but i'm also not just a girl who lets things go on around her without making my voice heard! - i'm the girl who cries every time i see a deer hit in the road - ALL b/c of humans taking over THEIR land!
Dimensional Bead Embroidery is my second Lark Book purchase. And as with the Loom work book, it didn’t disappoint. Beautifully photographed, Eakin explains the various stitches used to create embroidered art. The reference book is divided into nine chapters: starting with materials, designing, stitches, then finally projects to try and an inspirational gallery.
My thought for the day? I am jealous of people who crave and indulge in creativity more often than practicality. I am tired of loading the dishwasher, I wanna make more art.
I'm going to try to finish the mini quilt today because it's time to get back to those Farmer's Wives blocks. I'll be revealing May's blocks tomorrow and I still have April blocks to complete! I'd better get crackin'.
To help answer this I am posting the actual instructions (with only one additional line of advice from the Tanya, in bold near the end; this will appear in all future editions to be released, bizrat hashem) from the Open Siddur Project release below (written by yours truly). Also see the links below to download your copy today! Hopefully before the seasons change again I will be able to translate a fresh English translation. For a detailed description of the rite, refer to the aforementioned introduction.
So much for synods, summits and referendums. We can take a vote and think that we have the truth just because the majority thinks so. But we are seeing that this is not the way of righteousness. From Romans 3:4, “Let God be true and every man a liar.” When God speaks through His Word we can do no better than to agree with Him.
I am strong and wise,
I worked my ass off and had a really good time at the job. I had high hopes that maybe I’d be able to get full-time employment there when I graduated. Sadly, a new governor brought massive budget cuts and my dreams were quickly dashed as the small Film Office shrunk even further. I did however make connection with a group of people who called themselves the Virginia Screenwriters Forum, a group of amateur and semi-professional writers who were serious about breaking into the business of screenwriting.
Marty also has another great ability. He listens. And thus he learns. He learns because he can comfortably be there and examine other viewpoints without prejudice. He has vast knowledge so he naturally imparts wisdom, but doesn’t overpower one’s own wisdom, opinion or viewpoint. He is always learning from others, and so he continues to grow.
The house can be described as a topographic volume, a plynth running along the plot emerging from level -0.90m, and perforated with three different types of inner courtyards, which provide the dwelling space with natural illumination and crossed ventilation. This new topography, made up of flat and pitched roofs, generates a continuous terrace which can be enjoyed in many ways. The only volume related to the street is a hovering prism, detached from the plynth, which works as an independent space and creates an interstitial porch below.
***/5
“The dramatic actor Madana-mohana has opened a shop of scents that attract the women of the world to be His customers. He delivers the scents freely, but they make the women all so blind they cannot find the path returning home.”
There are some who lose their parents in a quick and poignant passing like Shoshana who lives in California, a long way from her native New Jersey where her mother lived. Her brother was left to be primary caregiver when she realized that she was a sun-lover. When he called Shosh to tell her their mother was dying and was in a coma, Shoshana got on a plane for New Jersey. When she arrived in Chicago the plane was delayed because of a snowstorm. Shoshana called her brother and asked that he hold the phone up to her mother’s ear. She said, “Mom, I’ve been delayed in Chicago. I love you, please don’t wait. It’s okay for you to go.” Twenty minutes after she hung up, her mother died.
That makes you want, that makes you fight.
This book is not about Bamako, my current home, although some of the field research for it was conducted here. Nor is it a book about Brazzaville, Congo, although most of the field research for it was conducted there. In fact it’s not really about anyplace, strictly speaking, and that’s just the point. As an anthropologist, I study people, and there’s only so much you can learn about people by studying places.
The Colosseum is really quite breath-taking, although its history is more than a little gruesome. Deadly gladiatorial combat and wild animal fights were staged for entertainment. At the inaugural games in AD 80, over 9,000 wild animals were killed.
We've been giddy here in the PND sports department over the past month and it's looking like delirium in Salford and weeping in the City. Man Utd are closing in on number 20 and the boss pays tribute to Paul Scholes (MEN)
Put this one together for my Grade 11 students as a shorter, and slightly more manageable version of the classic “3-5-7″ WOD. With some heavy work looming this afternoon, I thought I would give it a go. I split up the reps early, splitting the rounds into 6 singles followed by 6 unbroken kipping. This was MUCH more enjoyable than the original.
Each gift is a little surprise, which I know you will love and be able to use in any project :)
In only months Melissa had grown up so much and was already starting school.
I am just thrilled that these fabulous authors will be visiting our local libraries. They are all in town for Sleuthfest, the annual convention of the Mystery Writers of America. It starts Thursday and runs though the weekend at the Deerfield Beach Hilton. Go to the Sleuthfest page if you'd like to sign up.
I understand the paralyzing grip of depression, and what it is to feel so lost, everyday is like looking into one of those infinity mirrors. You see the same thing over and over, and there is no end. It confuses you, it scares you, you hurt your brain by trying to figure out how it works and you wear yourself out in hopes of being able to see something else if you squint and look just a little harder.
“It’s it amazing we did it then. It was perfect timing, really,” I told John.
Me? Meh. I didn't even take a picture of the completed dish. I still have leftovers from Valentine's Day in the fridge. I could very easily get up at take a picture. It just wouldn't be worth it.
My cream filling recipe is one my mom always used and it is a basic one that can produce many different flavors. I am making a coconut one today for DH. His favorite pie.
It’s a little town close to the West Coast
Oh, all the clichés are true, of course. And people love to compare puppies and babies. Like children, dogs bring joy and playfulness and laughter to our sometimes too-serious grown-up lives. And, along with all the trouble, the the love can be overwhelming and astonishing and totally worth it—if you are ready for that kind of surprise and sacrifice.
I need to choose lights for the posts and a chandelier type light for under neath the entry. You can see the yellow electrical wires in the picture.
By the next holiday season I would like to ( lose X pounds, maintain my goal weight, I want to handle challenges without reaching for food) By making changes this holiday season, we will be all fired up and ready for the next season.
vegetable oil to taste
All you need to do to enter is leave a comment with your email address and your two preferences.
I like the scene. There's a big family vibe in the community. I've made a lot of friends through doing this. There's obviously random kids that are into it for the wrong reasons, but most of those kids eventually bail out of the scene.
Joy is the wife to a missionary pilot and they, along with their five kids, live in Indonesia. Joy is a proud wife, blessed mommy, runner, homeschooler, reader, thinker, home-maker, lover of nature, and most of all, an undeserving recipient of amazing grace, and grateful daughter of God. Joy’s heart is to encourage women to revel in their job as mommy and wife, and to see it as good and needed work. She blogs at Grace Full Mama. Joy writes:
Poe continues, “Through his global web of Open Society Institutes and Open Society Foundations, Soros has spent 25 years recruiting, training, indoctrinating and installing a network of loyal operatives in 50 countries, placing them in positions of influence and power in media, government, finance and academia.”
I: If you have any suggestions I’d be happy to take them. This whole project is still in it's embryonic stages.
Yesterday, I headed to Lille with Denise, her housemate, and the housemate's brother. We had a yummy lunch and hit the shops where none of us had any luck. At least the housemate drove us, so I wasn't out any money for the trip. I only went along to give Denise a break as her housemate can drive her up a wall at times, and the brother wanted to practice his English (the girl doesn't understand English at all). With both me and Denise, we could take turns who was dealing with who. I think it took some of the pressure off.
More than often, wishing they were just like you.
Colouring Medium - Copic Markers
by digby
Starting with the liquid, add in 1 cup of milk of your choice. Now add in the chia or flax and nut butter. Next, add in the spinach followed by the banana on top. Blend until smooth. Add in your ice cubes and blend some more.
Public acknowledgement soon of other civilizations; other truths will emerge later; “open window” for ascension; changes to come; physical death of those who refuse light; Golden Age government; moderate temperatures; emotions, bodies in higher densities; relationship of soul, fetus
University/College Career Education
Last week SCBWI Western Washington celebrated the bi-annual Inside Story at Mockingbird Books in Seattle. Local authors and illustrators came together to share their recently published books and tell their “inside stories,” including the inspiration behind their works. There was an amazing turn-out with all seats filled and a lively audience of booksellers, teachers, librarians, and
In fact, I think I’m done rambling about racing now. Let’s just watch some videos of the Morgan-badged OAK Racing prototype and the Aston Martin Vantage GTE and call it day.
She just wasn't "done" seeing him. When we left she gave him a kiss and told him she loved him.
"Then know I do not say this lightly when I tell you that this is where I want you to go. You will be better able to run Balanchine Chocolate someday if you know something about how cacao is grown. And this will make you a superior partner to me. A superior business partner, I mean." He dropped my hand and moved in even closer to me. "Don't be frightened, Anya."
So, anyone else ever been to a blow dry bar? How did you like it? Which style did you choose??
Along with undermining economic competitiveness and increasing inequality, subpar public schools threaten recruiting for the State Department, intelligence agencies and the armed forces, according to a task force headed by Joel Klein, the former New York City school chief now at News Corp. (NWSA), andCondoleezza Rice, former Secretary of State.
The web-series La Déséducation has been airing since November, and focuses first on what's wrong with education in Quebec (the first eight webisodes), and starting up once again in February, will focus on alternatives to the existing model, including homeschooling, freeschooling, and unschooling (my mother and I were interviewed, and will be included in one of the webisodes). Sadly, this series is currently only available in French.
I'll care when the Canadian media stops pretending that
Gingerly touching his paws to the tall, dry grasses.
“Here.” She said. “You’ll need this.”
I commented on the article as follows:
A Charlie Brown Christmas and Charlie Brown Christmas Tales plus seven-minute short from Prep & Landing: Operation Secret Santa ... ABC ... 8 PM
1 street
8. The development of Print-on-demand technology allowing printers to become publishers.
Memory cells?
I felt like a wanton harlot, a brazen floozy who didn’t do the honorable thing and take her husband’s name. I pinned on the nametag and scarpered to my seat, my husband tittering behind me.
Lead Guitar – Steve Napoleoni Monge
Needles In My Eyes
King and other researchers said they believe the effect of low minority representation is less on votes taken than issues presented.
We came back in 1990 as Fourstoryforehead. Jeff was gone, and Ernie had moved over to guitar. We subbed in a guy named Phil from the high school auto shop on bass.
Performer - Joe McPhee
Signing the register took a wee while, but Sally (my beautiful friend) sung 'We've only just begun" by the carpenters and 'The twelfth of Never' by good old Cliff Richard! The latter is my Mum and Dad's "song", which was a surprise to them, so as you can imagine, that sparked quite a few tears!
The storyline was sweet, too...
Trust your common sense and what your gut tells you. Make sure you're not wearing blinders when it comes to your publishing dream. The idea that any agent is better than no agent is most often not true.
Without any doubt - the band's debut album 'Rites Of The Black Mass' stands totally alone - with no peers at all, as perhaps the crowning glory of 'True Satanic Metal' oriented music. Concept albums have never been the same before or since either - and seem almost childish when compared ideologically to the seminal debut. Infact, nothing has ever been done like it before or since - so there's no comparable material to it either.
Spinach, which is a rich source of lutein, appeared to offer the most protection against the disease. The researchers concluded that the carotenoids present in food may decrease the risk of developing severe cataracts.
Their father reached inside the room and turned on a light. The room was tiny, more like a walk-in closet, and was nearly completely filled by an ancient, busted up black trunk.
Remember , keep your eyes upon me.
- In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, corn starch, cooking wine, and ground pork and mix well. Let it marinade in the refrigerator while you prepare the other ingredients.
Sunday evening, Christy and I were heading to Target with my kids. We were potty talking away in an effort to get all the poops and farts and pee giggles over and done with. Earlier in the day, we'd enjoyed making up our own lyrics to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle" or the WonderPets theme song... anything to do with underwear was a favorite theme. (Underwear is under there, Underwear is what we wear, Underwear oh underwear, I love you, my underwear, etc)
under the pines in my mind…
It is the personal touch between Christ and ourselves that causes His life to pass into our nature, making us sound and healthy, as well as secure and safe.
(I mean, that's not enough pressure to put "dungeon" back on the table, but you could see where a girl might start getting desperate.)
The day’s a different matter, which upsets her.
It's simpler.
Now that I am done bearing children, I thought now might be the time to get back to sort-of-what I used to be. (There is no magic cream or excersise that is going to make me have a taut tummy of a teenager).
In a big bowl, mix together the flour, fruit, salt and spices. Beat the egg into the milk/butter/zest/yeast, then pour all the liquid ingredients into the dry. Knead it together with your hands or a dough hook until smooth, elastic and silky, adding extra milk/water if it seems a bit too dry (I did at i first start with 75ml milk)). Cover the bowl in clingfilm and leave to rise – either overnight in the fridge, or out in a warm kitchen for an hour to an hour and a half to double in size.
About a year ago, Ross and I looked at each other, and realized we were living highly independent lives.
“I think we should all get out of the house and go eat breakfast with some humans and sunlight. If Jack thinks Fortunatus will be alright here by himself,” Ronan said over his shoulder.
For instance; when I established my residency in Washington State again the clerk at the DMV made the following statement – “Your returning to your previous address?” leaving out the part about this being my childhood home. “Yes sir,” I replied “I’m moving back to my childhood home. AGAIN.”
Sanjay Mehrotra is president and chief executive officer of SanDisk, effective January 2011. He was appointed to the SanDisk board of directors in July 2010, appointed president and chief operating officer in June 2006, and co-founded in 1988.
Your Keirsey Temperament Sorter Results indicates that your personality type is that of the Artisan.
However often we wind up going, there’s little doubt we’ll have a ball. It’s a world-class city that’s only 2 hours from home (what could be easier?) – but more importantly, we love our friends and want to spend more time with them. So get read Montreal. We’ll be back soon.
no justice in the justice system
About two weeks ago, we discovered a whole new world of wonderful textures and flavors. That's right...TABLE FOOD! Ella has always been a great eater; there are very few things that she flat-out does not like (example: raspberries and strawberries because they're tart.), so you can imagine my surprise and frustration when she suddenly wanted nothing to do with any of her baby food. After ruling out several possible causes for her sudden food strike, it was determined that she simply became bored of baby food. And boy, were we right! The tiny girl can put away an entire banana in one sitting (bananas have always been a favorite), and she loves her some chicken and stars, and (get this), biscuits and gravy. She is her father's child indeed.
Postlethwaite was one of my favorite actors of all time. Apparently I was in good company - Spielberg called him "the best actor in the world."
The nurse manager told this nursing colleague that they were obligated to investigate the allegation but felt that the patient was “cuckoo” and basically left the complaint at that. The issue at hand here is that many patients complain about the nursing care that is provided in many institutions today. Healthcare organizations are focused so much on Press Ganey scores that a perception of inequity exists so that most nurses are already behind the eight ball and feel the need to be defensive when describing their actions when it comes to patient care. Because hospitals in general are so patient slanted nurses have a very difficult time proclaiming their innocence. This is true even with the most mundane patient complaint. Over the years I have spoken to many nurses that have had complaints against them from patients. The feelings of inadequacy, stress as well as concern for their continued employment are real feelings that nurses go through when it comes to patient complaints. The sad truth is that most nurses perceive that hospitals will not support them during any time of difficulty.
Hi everyone! I hope you are having a great day! I can't believe how fast time is flying these days. School is almost over and I am planning our summer vacation. What? I haven't even come close to scrapping all of last years summer vacation. lol Like that will ever happen.
The first NBC broadcast is scheduled for July 1, the final day of the America’s Cup World Series in Newport, R.I. The other dates on NBC are Aug. 26 and Oct. 7, so America’s Cup organizers will fit events to those slots. Organizers are exploring having an ACWS stop on the Hudson River in New York, which would end on Aug. 26. If that’s not possible, there would be ACWS stops in San Francisco ending with televised races on Aug. 26 and Oct. 7.
San Diego County supervisors unanimously approved a plan yesterday to deal with thousands of lower-level criminals by housing them in local jails instead of state prisons and requiring county probation officers to supervise them, but not before questioning the state for forcing the change on them, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports.
Cook the pasta according to package directions. While the pasta is cooking, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat. Once heated, add the shrimp and saute, stirring frequently. Add 2 cloves of the minced garlic, the juice of 1/2 of the lemon, 1/2 cup of the white wine, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, pepper to taste, and Melting Pot Seasoning (or any lemon/garlic seasoning) to taste. Continue cooking until shrimp are pink and cooked through.
Wide Screen
“He is a changed man,” said Jackson. “He has reformed his life. He has expressed deep remorse and deep regret.
f) they are cool to wear in the heat
“Lord, please help me not be so determined to have a picnic that I miss what You’re saying. Help me to be open to Your plan for my day, and for my life. Show me the path You’d have me take. Help me pay attention to the Words that are coming out of Your mouth!
Reduce heat to medium. Add onion, bell peppers, and garlic to pan; cook 7 minutes or until tender, stirring frequently. Stir in olives and next 5 ingredients (through black pepper); cook 30 seconds or until fragrant. Stir in vinegar, scraping pan to loosen browned bits; cook for 2 minutes or until liquid almost evaporates. Stir in broth, tomato paste, and bay leaves. Add steaks; bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce heat, and cook 1 1/2 hours or until steaks are very tender. Discard bay leaves.
Face Bullying With Confidence
“I suppose it was the end of the world for her when her husband and her baby were killed. I suppose she didn’t care what became of her and flung herself into the horrible degradation of drink and promiscuous copulation to get even with life that had treated her so cruelly. She’d lived in heaven and when she lost it she couldn’t put up with the common earth of common men, but in despair plunged headlong into hell. I can imagine that if she couldn’t drink the nectar of the gods any more she thought she might as well drink bathroom gin.’
It's just very unfortunate.
sew the side and bottom seam of piece4 and body together, as well.
The hard truth is that I am totally messed-up on school. I believe that it is the magic fix to all life’s problems, when in reality it is just an incredibly expensive cushion that will only soften my inevitable ignominious decent into my parents basement to live alone unable to hold a job.
My Christmas wish is to tell them that though their spirits now walk this realm and the next, their love remains alive in my heart.
So, taking about feeling normal, there have been some good points to the week. Firstly, the mad panic project at work wasn't a mad panic. No-one "crossed the streams" so we're all good. Any IT work that doesn't involve a full restore and hoping the back-up tapes hold out is a win in my book. ;-) Wee Man did well on his School Report and he had a great time at his birthday party a few weeks ago. Little Miss, I can't believe how much she's grown up. She's on her way to being 3 and both her - and her brother - are a delight to take to the park. I think it's the reckless joy they seem to have. The Ever Lovely Mrs Jones is hanging on in there, she's been there for me and I don't know what I'd do without her. The weather's also taken turn to a more traditional British summer - as in, it's raining. So good for the plants, water supply and it's no longer baking hot. Good stuff.
They can be worn as a dress, with leggings or as a layer over another dress. Even a coat.
I have become sort of well-known for my walls of text in conversations of privilege and marginalization, and one of the reasons I post them is because simply telling people to educate themselves doesn’t work. I mean, realistically, we are all grown adults who know how to use The Google. Given sufficient interest in not hurting each other’s feelings, a person so motivated could just… go find one of the many many places on the internet where this has been explained and just learn how on their own.
Warm soft pastel illustrations make the boardwalk an inviting place to be. Young readers will love finding their favorite things to do and eat. Families, friends and shop owners will make this a memorable read. Kids will have fun with colors, shapes and discussing all of the
This quote by John Gay has defined me since the discovery of the hate group. Yes the situation was absolutely terrible, but I got to see who my true friends were and became stronger because of it. Don’t ever give up.
As I see it, the Obama administration needs to act decisively in this manner and punish those responsible. The wasteful spending of the GSA clearly constitutes corruption and could even be cast as the theft of federal funds. As such, I do not think that criminal charges would be out of place here. At the very least, all the money beyond the legitimate expenditures should be returned by those responsible. That should help deter future cases of this sort of foolishness.
National Child Pornography Tipline and CyberTipline
The world says we have to fight for our rights and our freedom. God says He has given us our freedom. The world says we have to earn respect. God says we must respect everyone, whether they ‘earn’ it or not.
For some reason, she thought this was hilarious. She left them there for a few days and would laugh every time she saw him. It was funny. She is such a little clown.
To tempt us, crusted with loose gems
2. Doctor 4
to store your faded memories.
It was a long post, I know. Here I sign off, promising to see you again with a Guest Post. Till then, Happy Cooking and Happy Blogging!
The Four O'Clock Press Packages:
When he attended the Davos World Economic Summit in Switzerland, he charged £256.98 for a pair of ‘heavy-duty shoes’ – presumably to cope with the snow. The summit for tycoons and world leaders features a series of free dinners and cocktail parties, yet he charged £1.89 for a cup of coffee.
WHAT IT’S ABOUT:
1. Start with a contextually appropriate premise. Why would somebody call a fast food restaurant? To ask for directions or hours of operation, to make some complaint (an incredibly fertile premise for a creative prank caller), or maybe to inquire about a menu item. Not to ask for advice about swollen testicles. The premise of trying to scam free food by complaining about food that you never actually bought is very believable because it’s something we deal with all the time.
So I wandered over to a couple sites of friends to read what's been going on. Lots of fun and entertainment for both Dorito and Ms. Squidgessence, and then I realized one of my concerns. Not that this is a competition but sweet Mother Of Mary, look at these blogs. They are actually interresting with pictures and videos and humour and stuff. An Ox and Red Cat? The ramblings of a cable jockey. ....And no pictures or videos. Yikes, I have to get up to the times and become creative. I see that I have to keep posting just to keep the party downa dn the general noise around here to a dull roar.
BY WADE MCMILLIN, Couchsideshow.com editor
John West's name must always be uttered in full - "John West".
Congrats to Mama Velveeta!
Next I stopped at this school. There were some kids playing carom in the verandah so I figured it must be a school. So I went in and asked this guy who turned out to be a teacher if I could just sit there and rest a while. There were four or five teachers there and they were most gracious. I wanted to just sit in the verandah but they insisted I sit on a chair inside and they even asked me if I’d like some lunch but I declined saying I’d just eaten. I offered them grapes in return and they were quite surprised to be offered grapes by the traveler, taking only one each. We talked for some time, in English, which most of them could speak, and answered each others’ questions. But it’s only so long you can keep chatting and again I couldn’t really take a nap there so I decided to go on. I offered the kids playing carom grapes before I left and they were really shy and burst out laughing, only to be curtly told by the woman watching over them to behave like humans in front of the stranger. For some reason I’d thought this bit would be all industrial towns all the way to Shimoga but I was pleasantly surprised to find small towns and villages dotting the largely agricultural landscape. A few ks down the road I finally found a nice bus-stop, deserted but dusty, you can’t have everything now can you? It was 2:30pm by now and incredibly hot. I pulled the cycle in with me and lay down to take a short nap.
Lynsker came up with the theme and we both got to play and then see what we came up with individually. I have to say that drawing fish is definitely not my forte but a good exercise. Lynsker, on the other hand, has finesse with the animal kingdom.
Today's New Oldie is a parody of The Battle Of New Orleans, smash crossover hit for Johnny Horton in 1959. The song went to #1 on both the Country and Pop charts in Billboard and Cashbox. It even made it to #3 on the R&B charts, which is nearly unheard of for a Country song. The song was also a #1 hit in Sydney, Australia and in Canada on 1050 CHUM-AM in Toronto in May 1959.
Not sure if this is completely useful, but it's interesting.
If you take the time to listen to a CD, a band, a song, a genre and you absolutely hate it, fair enough. I have artists that I don’t particularly care for, too. I will say that when they have new singles, I give them a listen and then make my decision. But if you do hate every single piece of music other than your handful or two, that’s perfectly fine. But if you’re going to protest something so hard, at least take the time to know why.
Followed by two hours of tuney doings spun by Piley and myself. A no-wave set where anything was winged into the improv' playlist - TV Themes (Eurotrash, Grandstand), Bowie, Beatles booty remixes and covers, foreign language editions (a latin Hit the Road Jack)......
There are many things that I wish I could change about my life, but there are very few things that I regret.
and aroused lovers laughing as
If you have been nominated, here is what you do to keep it rolling:
There must be a lot more potential success criteria. But this is my list for now. 7 steps to collaboration heaven.
Was like the conscious being of the book.
Box of gallon freezer bags with the zipper closure (TRUST ME. Get the zippered ones!)
They can hide, create a veil, bring illusion or even Newly Reveal.
I'm crocheting egg cozies, a baby afghan, and working on tatting on a handkerchief. I also have to make an afghan, a hat, and work on puppet costumes. Between family and friend showers and events, church, and my shop I'm stretched pretty thin. I have to try to accomplish most of this by Easter.
is IT.
Its peculiar how the science manuals talk about flowers "tricking" bees, wasps, butterflies buy dowsing them with pollen as they gather nectar. The pervasiveness of humanising nature, or yet more anthropocentrism? Do flowers really have deceptive thoughts? It occurs to me that there is a human desire to demonstrate that we fully understand nature. Scientists take a part into the lab. poke it, prod it, test it, & come up with the theory of how it works. Yet isn't it more liberating to marvel at such intricacy, such beauty & not have to understand it. My views of science are tainted by that discipline's yearning to first understand something & then exploit it for profit.
SHORT TERM: market bounces around in volatile session, DOW +72
Second, we went on a field trip with our Spanish class. It is nice, because they are paid for, except for our food and souvenirs. We don’t have to drive, or park, or get lost, it’s up to our Spanish teacher and the drivers to get us where we are going. We went to a small town just outside of Asunción, called Areguá. It is near Lake Ypacaraí, and it is a pretty little town. There is a hill close by called Cerro Koi; it is one of only three places in the world where you find natural hexagonal shaped rocks. It was all very interesting. The funny part of the story is when we were riding home and Kevin and I saw a truck full of wooden furniture in the bed, lashed on the top, and lashed on the back. And it was not a nice truck, with a covered cargo area. It was an old junker, with an old green tarp covering the back. And it was also full of guys, maybe five or six guys riding among the furniture. We looked at each other and said, “That’s the RC Willey truck.” We have had several workers at our house, painters, carpenters, locksmith, internet, and only the internet guys came in a truck from their company, the same as you would expect in the United States. Everyone else has come on foot from the bus stop, or on a motorcycle. It has really shown me what a different world I am experiencing.
Just for shits and giggles, I tried again a few times after the challenge to see if I could do it any faster, but I found out that I just don’t have the face for it. Jenny’s lovely face is a bit wider/flatter than mine is, and I have to imagine that helped her because any time I tried to move the cookie quickly, it would flip up and roll off my face.
What makes Tom Venuto different? Well he does tell you what to eat, he only gives you the guide lines of what food combinations are bad for you and when to eat what. This makes it a lifestyle change as you are able to stay within a budget and still be healthy, fit and lean.
And by the time you do get to speak with someone, are you receptive to what they have to say??
CARE has been collecting signatures for an online petition to set up a law prohibiting animal abusers from raising animals again.
Eel River Brewing Co Fortuna, CA Organic IPA IPA
Primary colors. Dick and Jane fabric. Alphabets with red and white checks. These will work, too. I can't wait to get started! Alas, it will have to wait just a little bit.
What's made me, ME........
I have also starting watching vintage dress patterns and fabrics with a view to making the third attempt in my life at teaching myself to actually follow a pattern. My first purchase arrived in the post this morning, so when I finally get around to ordering some fabric, finding the right binding tape and the perfect buttons, I'll let you know how this goes.
Aside from this fresh way of thinking, I am back on track for posting. Sorry, I feel that sometimes when my life gets too chaotic my blog is the one that suffers; however, it's almost been 1 year of blogging and I haven't quit...(and don't intend to). I am still here and trying to balance my life.
The liquid at the bottom of the bin, is usually run off as the food is decomposing. It can often smell sour and can be too acidic for plants. It is not recommend to use this liquid on it’s own to water plants. Problem is you still have this liquid that needs to be dealt with so sometimes I just dilute it with a lot of water and still water my plants with it. Yes, it may be a bit acidic but better than dumping it down the drain or even worse letting it run off my balcony onto other balconies… Yuck!
5. (C) ANCYL Provincial Secretary Julius Malema, who was frank and friendly, started the conversation with stories of his "young pioneer" days when the ANC taught him how to use a gun 17 years ago, at the tender age of 9. He then boasted that Limpopo's ANCYL has more members than any other province and is "100 percent united" in its support of Zuma. Malema never explained why he or the league supports Zuma, but did
I think it is imperative before I begin to state that I am not religious. I don’t necessarily believe in God (although the truth of the matter is that I have no clue), and I’m not even a very “spiritual” person as many non-believers claim to be. Not to be cliché, but I look at the universe from a more scientific perspective, and see no evidence for or against the existence of God. Thereby, in accordance with Occam’s razor, I deduce that no god or higher power exists (although I suppose the Occam’s razor argument could be used against me, by saying that the existence of God is simplest explanation – although I would counter that the creation of existence of God is too immense a concept to be called simple).
Not to mention the fact that I live out in the boonies.
He says "it should be seen as art, and as within the month of October. It's Halloween, it's time to be scary it's time to be spooky."
Men had done terrible things to her. She said she loved me, and I wanted to the special one, the guy who was different and loved her for her instead of treating her like a lifeless object whose only job was gratify me.
not withstanding. The crocuses are done, and we're in the
I still feel emotionally and mentally exhausted from all the sickness and death, but at the same time, I recognize that I'm alive and I need to get back to living.
With all that in mind, I think there are some huge benefits to buying a good quality .22 semi-automatic handgun. The ammo is very cheap, you will have fun shooting it, and will also encourage your children to learn firearm safety and get comfortable with a quality weapon. I think my favorite right now is the Ruger SR .22 and I will post some videos below to let you get an idea of how great this weapon is. I was torn between the Walther P22 and the Ruger SR.22 won out for several reasons.
You don’t need a magic wand to get this deal. All you have to do is call Allure Quest Travel Experience at 615-818-8241 or 615-336-8580. Or email us at alan@allurequest.com.
In the construction of the scale it was assumed that the important thing was not to ascertain whether, on mature reflection, the person believed that there was such a thing as absolute right and wrong, but rather to ascertain on what he based his decision when confronted with a demand for decision. The scale itself therefore was designed to take no sides in the philosophical debate over whether discoverable right and wrong exists. It merely considers responding in terms of what is believed to be right and responding in terms of one's own self-interest as possible alternative bases for decision. Presumably the person who had devoted some thought to the philosophical questions involved and concluded that there was no such thing as right and wrong would always use self-interest (enlightened?) as his decision basis. For him one of the alternatives would be excluded a priori. It is assumed however that for most people the choice between doing what is right and doing what is in one's own interest was a real one. Administration instructions for the scale included the assurance to the subjects that they could use 'their own definition' of what is right. Throughout, however, the interest was not in what it was that they thought to be right but rather in the relevance this had for their policy decisions. This is to some extent the opposite of the immediate concern in most attitude scales.
My healing process isn’t something static. I will change continuously, and so will my feelings. T helped me get on track. T started this process, or perhaps it was a combined effort – either way, I started on this journey. I don’t necessarily notice the progress I have made, but the proof is in the pudding. I have altered my behavioural pattern greatly since I first started out. I no longer act out, something that is probably the biggest and most important difference.
Next week is going to be a week of major preparations. I think it will probably fly by as a result. The funny thing about all of those preparations is that last weekend at church, Preparation was the title of the sermon. It was a really good one for me to hear and it helped me get my head on a little straighter which is always a good thing.
So now I focus on healing and getting back into my normal routine. It looks like I’ll be returning to work on Wednesday for a short day and then going from there. I’m getting a little too used to not working so it’ll be an adjustment but it should be fine. There’s a lot of work to get done so it will be nice to get back.
To make a long story short, I was the second choice for him. It hurt when I found out, quite a bit, because not only was he my best friend and someone I deeply cared about, but my family loved him. My mother even referred to him as her "second son."
Other than turning into a slut, getting STD’s or pregnant.
"Now mom, she is built for gymnastics."
Here are a few pics from our Luncheon
5. Young at Heart
Oh boy, here’s a term that sets everyone’s threat-level to Defcon 1. Let’s all just calm down to a hysterical panic and examine it rationally, as scientists in a lab might pick up some radioactive substance with a robotic hand.
This went on a number of times until finally, unbelievably, we were at the end. Everyone was cheering, sweating, huffing and puffing, clapping, yelling, smiling. The energy in the room was probably at it’s highest at this one moment. Everyone was proud of themselves, proud of the person next to them, proud of Shaun.
Old friends came from Minneapolis and as always when we get together with them, the house was filled with laughter. We met them years ago at Green Lake where we used to go every summer and have become very close. The wife and my daughter are close friends as are her husband and my sons and they are nice enough to love Bill and me too.
Add a little more oil to the pan if it looks dry, and stir fry your vegetables. Add the garlic and ginger and let them fry with the vegetables till you can smell them. Add the curry paste mixture and the coconut milk. Stir to combine and bring the sauce to a simmer. Toss in the meat, scallops or tofu; if you're using shrimp, add it now. Let it all simmer together for about 5 minutes, or until the shrimp are pink, or your meat is cooked and heated through.
How much did military spending change? Was it…
parent volunteer at the boutique
Emily's card was for her science teacher, Ms. Moore, who was the favorite this year. This card was very similar but I added flower shaped buttons to make it a bit more girly:))
2 tablespoons of port
16Today the Lord your God gives you orders to keep all these laws and decisions: so then keep and do them with all your heart and all your soul.
Kuya Pidyong – Mamimiss ko malakas at bigay todo mong tawa.
I drew upon feelings from my first BDSM experience, which involved my visit with “Mistress Lynn” and “Brandi. The play activities were entirely different. Two decades later, I’m no longer Chloe, but I still have clear and powerful memories of the first meeting and the correspondence just prior to it. Even though I bottom much more than I top, writing it from the dominant perspective felt right. I’m not “Lynn”, but she taught me most of what I know about submission. I’ve also cultivated my dominant side over the years.
On the trend front, I’ve seen t-shirt hems rise, as the bustier and crop tops have returned, but nonetheless, the average length on a t-shirt from a mainstream consumer retail shop tends to run 1-2 inches too long for my frame. I would like to note, though, that styling matters. Love this Christopher Kane t, but it is 10-fold better tucked in for short ppl so the legs look longer.
Occasionally, though, I do get a wild hair and get excited about baking something. In fact, I have mastered the art of the cookie. Of course, I think that comes along with the whole package of Mommy Magic.
I haven’t accomplished a single productive thing yet today. My brain feels almost completely busted. To say I am frustrated would be a gross understatement.
On The Doctor’s Wife:
FNPS members recently received my letter describing childhood adventures in South Florida's outdoors – memorable experiences made possible thanks to preserved lands and my parents' initiative. I dug up some photos of these family trips to share with you. The quality of these photos is not the greatest - they were scanned from prints - but many readers probably have photos like these (maybe even older!) and can relate to a time without cell phones, the Internet or cable television.
But of course, dinner is where she pulls out her big guns.
The divisive war-cry ‘untuk agama, bangsa dan negara’ often used by Umno and their support groups do not seem to perturb the moderate Malays.
Born at 6:43 pm and weighing in at 7 lbs 6 oz and 20 1/2 inches long, our son Allen James is here. He is perfectly made, a beautiful reminder of love and life.
Dec 29th – should be packing for "vacation". First thing I'm doing when I get there? SHOWER! George has forbidden me from taking the laptop but I'm thinking about slipping it in the bottom of my bag. Shhhh, don't tell him. Excited to see what God is up to as we have time to just relax and talk about our plans...scratch that...God's plans for the village through us.
Partly this is due to the chronic pain. Partly it is due to mistakes on my part. Partly it is just because of chance. By turns this has made me depressed, disappointed, disgusted. Sometimes even on the brink of despair.
Note: roast each item separately or as a whole but make sure that it doesn’t get burnt i always do it separately one after the other but either way is also ok .depending upon your spice levels can adjust the measure especially Pepper corns and Whole Red chillies .
Leonard
July 2011
The Whimsy Stamps DT have been showcasing these fabulous stamps for the past 6 days, so if you missed them be sure to hop on over to the Whimsy Inspirations Blog for some more inspiration!
Some web searching on the Vid and Pid terms that I found earlier, I discovered that several USB gadgets seem to have exactly the same Vid and Pid. I don't think this is supposed to happen, so I assume that someone made a simple USB interface with a Vid and Pid embedded, and various other people decided to all use it for different gadgets. However, in this case, it does mean that a very nice man called Scott Weston (scott@weston.id.au) decided to make a gadget called Missile run under Python in 2006. The Hamster gadget shares the same Vid and Pid, and someone who seems to want to remain anonymous took Scott's work and ported it for the Hamster by doing some tests on each of the 6 bit command codes that appeared to be sent, http://brooknet.no-ip.com/~lex/public/Hamster_Wheel/web/
Hey New York Times, I don't watch HBO, because it's not for people with basic cable. Would you mind setting aside about 300 words somewhere for me to opine about their spring lineup and who should be watching it?
and tons of letters go bundled from the building to all
I didn't make eye contact with anyone in the bar in the time I was there. I believe I was the youngest guy to walk through The Stables' doors since Weezer walked in in 1972. As I looked around the ambienceless room I noticed a UMB promotional calendar on the wall. I was able to surmise that today was the 9th of January because they had methodically marked a big black X through each day of January up to the 9th, like they're counting down the days until they die. If I'd had big enough balls I would have flipped through the remaining months to see if there was a day in June marked Death Day. But I was busy plotting my escape in case they didn't take credit cards. With the previous meter payment I was down to a precise $1.96, not even half the cost of my Newcastle. Everybody else at the bar was paying with cash and I didn't see one of those wonderful Visa stickers on the door. I was pretty worried I was going to look like a giant schmuck by not being able to pay my tab. I already had heard Songbird say "them young folk sure are getting brave coming in here". I didn't want to be the one to turn them against young folk.
Robert De Niro/Charles Grodin (Midnight Run)
Winter kept us warm, covering
Call me a snob, but that’s a bit naive to think that you could get a job with the experience of “answering phones.” A ten year old could do that. When you’re eighteen, a job isn’t fluffy and gentle like a fabric softener commercial. It’s gritty, sour, physically demanding, mentally straining, emotionally damaging, crap, and the pay off is a three hundred dollar check for two weeks of work minus taxes. Benefits? What the heck are those. A first job should make you want to run for the college gates because you don’t want to spend the rest of your life serving slushies to bratty children, or stocking shelves.
Ink Showdown: In this fast-paced competition, Piranha Plants spit ink balls from the back edge of the court. Players must destroy the ink balls before they splatter, while hitting tennis balls away from an opponent.
My seven year old son has been so enthralled with this book, daily sharing with us new information he has discovered. It has been a joy to see this already excited about Jesus boy get even more excited. You can go to Amazon and learn more about and purchase this book, here.
2 jars chunky tomato sauce
Your family & friends can receive these valuable audio lessons every day and
2100.***E-X/8/2001. On the prudence of relying on Congressional declarations of war. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-21.)
God bless you all and MERRY CHRISTMAS!
1/2 fl oz (1 tbsp) rum
They get me settled in a room (8-8:30pm) and by this point my sister in law arrives after working two 12 hr days in a row. Thank you Kris!! They break my water and asked about an epidural. I was trying to have a med free birth but "S" decided that he wasnt up for that. After an hour of horrible pain in my head from the fact he was sitting on a nerve and every contraction would shoot up to my brain I decided that an epidural was needed. They started placement at 9:15 and completed it at 9:30. Right after it kicked in "S's" heart rate dropped which in my case is a tell tale sign that delivery is not far off at all.
this is from her momma...
Higher, higher, now love comes
“We’ve already been granted money for Death Aversion Research,” Dr. Landice informed TJI. “Ultimately, we hope to overcome the limitations of Living in order to conquer Dying. Of course, we’ll have to use aggressive research techniques. Life has shown itself to be a tough nut to crack. Once you kill it, it tends to slip away. But it can’t run forever,” Dr. Landice accentuates this remark with a definitive fist clenching. “One day, we’ll back Life into a corner. Then all of its secrets will be granted to us. We will no longer fear Death.”
He was here when we moved in.
A short note to state that I have received a letter from Brit Writers’ solicitors requesting that I remove all references to the BWA from this website. I have therefore done so. I request that all Word Clouders refrain from mentioning the BWA in any way on this site. Any new posts or comments will be removed.
-Ross Murray, Montreal Gazette, 1991
The past couple days have been pretty warm for February in Ohio...which has inspired me to look towards spring, even though it's completely possible that there will be 5" of snow on the ground at this time next month.
fiction story book about the Underground Railroad. Her stories, articles, and book reviews have been published in over 100 print and online publications. Donna has three more books under contract with Guardian Angel Publishing, Hockey Agony, Powder Monkey, and A Sandy Grave. She writes, moms and is the Editor-in-Chief for Guardian Angel Kids, Publicist for the Working Writer’s Club, and owner of Author PR Services.
There are two other Romney recommendations that I endorse – (1) exploding medical costs can be contained only when incentives for overtreatment are reversed, and (b) a tax-swap involving (a) a carbon-oil tax and (b) other offsetting tax reductions (such as reducing income tax rates) has great potential for reducing our energy dependence on foreign oil.
Peak Organic
The initial claim here is that growth is necessary to do away with poverty and inequality; growing the economy means that each and every one of us will see their share of wealth increases as GDP grows overtime. Let us consider a Couscous-filled plate as an analogy to illustrate this claim;
But I would be living in the Caribbean so how bad could that be?
This Thursday 9/23, 6-8pm – Form and Content of Writing with Thea Liberty Nichols, Patrice Connolly, Claudine Ise, Abraham Ritchie & Bert Stabler - Panelists will engage in a casual discussion that examines the form (newsprint, published monographs, online journals or blogs) and content (criticism, interviews, exhibition reviews, press releases or scholarly essays) of their writing. Their individual practices, including the texts that inform and inspire them, will be examined alongside the colleagues and organizations with which they collaborate. In conjunction with Studio Chicago, the ways in which their studio environment, and indeed the city itself, contextualizes their practice will also be explored.
- I was clearing a backlog: 2 of these are library books, but the rest are review copies. None from my shelves this month.
Plug g = 1.27 into the efficiency equation above, assume rv = 10, and you get h = 0.46. Multiply this by about 0.75 to account for real cycle effects (such as the time it takes to burn, heat losses to the coolant, and exhaust valves that open before the piston fully reaches bottom position) and you have h = 0.35. This is the efficiency (given above) of using the chemical energy of the fuel to push the pistons. Multiply this by the mechanical efficiency of the engine, which accounts for the mechanical friction in the engine and for the air (and fuel) pumping work that has to be done, and you have the final, or overall efficiency of the engine. Of course the mechanical efficiency varies with driving conditions. The higher the RPM of the engine, the greater the friction loss. The more closed the throttle (ie, the farther your foot is off the pedal), the higher the pumping loss. For typical US driving, the resultant overall efficiency of the engine is about 20%. Note, your pedal is not really a gas pedal, it is an air pedal! Add the tranny and real axle mechanical friction losses (or the transaxle friction losses), loss due to convert reciprocal movement of piston to rotary motion for the wheel and the drain of a few essential accessories, and you arrive at a 15% fuel-to-wheel efficiency for the typical auto driven in the US.
The dialogue and plot are fast paced. There are no cheesy moments and no cringe-worthy speeches. Despite this being a serious, compelling and at times disturbing dystopian novel the book has light-hearted moments that bring a genuine smile to your face. It is nice to not be bombared with darkness all the time.
Remember that when you go to work and there’s that certain co-worker who drives you crazy.
Well, the silly season will soon be upon us - the shops are already gearing up, with crackers and cards and wrapping paper. It's only October and yet we've started the big count-down.
H & P's artwork: My mother has been an art teacher for a very long time and now she has the opportunity to work with her grandchildren on an almost daily basis with various medium. I love seeing the progress they are making in their use of color and complex lines they're drawing and I love the pride emanating from them after they finish a piece.
"I said it's not her mother!" I could feel my anger almost returning.
He told me he was thrilled to get my text message! He asked about Clint, and told me that he was amazed at how the house was coming along. He asked me about Brian, and spoke about how much he was wandering, before he enlisted, and what a strong young man he is now. He told me that he used to be a radio announcer, and he did a fun "bit" for me, so that I would hear his "real" voice. He explained to me that he was fine; he's "pragmatic," he said, and it was just his time to go. "You sound exactly as I imagined you would," he told me.
Linking up with Yeah Write this week.
Here is our new family member... Murphy.... and yes, I can't just say Murphy... I have to add on. I've been making him Irish... Murphy O'Neal.... Carly on the other hand has been calling him Murphy Brown... he is NOT a girl!!!
TV / Anything plastic / Anything cordless (which is usually plastic anyway) / Central heating / Scanners, printers or photocopiers / Microwave ovens / Anything digital / Computers and for me, at least...electricity.
Ages: 2 and up (all ages welcome)
The Kensington Chronicles by Lori Wick – This is the first historic book series that I read cover to cover in a four-day time span. I devoured those books and fell in love with the characters.
Anthony Mason, for the record, on the Beach Boys. No American band has more top 40 hits. Brian Wilson, Al Jardine, and Mike Love are the three remaining original members of the Beach Boys. Re-united in February at the Grammys. Grammy nomination for Good Vibrations, but beaten out in 1969 by Monday, Monday. Opening Day at Dodger Stadium, celebrating its 50th anniversary. Band formed in Hawthorne, CA. Four Freshmen harmony over Chuck Berry guitar licks. Surfin' Safari released in 1962. Murray Wilson was abusive to his kids. Brian Wilson and Mike Wilson fired him. Brian Wilson was emotional heart of the Beach Boys. "Being scared" is driving force in my life. Mike Love talked about drugs being a divisive influence. In 1965, Beatles' Rubber Soul. This led Beach Boys to "God Only Knows," termed by McCartney the greatest song ever written. The Beach Boys did not like Brian's Smile album. Dennis and Carl Wilson died. "How does a 70 year old sound that good?" You can let the past screw with your head for a lifetime, or you can focus on right now.
Hey Ladies! If you're anything like me, I am HORRIBLE when it comes to creating crafts on my own! But I do like to *surf* the internet and find fun craft ideas to copy-cat.
My voting card for the referendum has arrived, and with less than 4 weeks to go I thought I'd better blog about it.
Somewhat shiny for some reason, and a bit over-done around the edges, but it tasted DIVINE and Sonshine and I ate it all in three days.
Since I knew I was going to dye all this yarn as a single batch, I didn't need to be quite as careful about measuring the dyes. I don't need to duplicate the color later. I decided to start with Vermillion (I use Jacquard acid dyes), which is already a dark red, and add some Sapphire Blue to give it a purple tone. For no reason other than that it seemed about right, I mixed four parts Vermillion with one part Blue. This made a really pretty berry color, but I wanted something darker. I added one part Jet Black, and the result looked pretty good, so I went with that.
WARNING The article contains a couple spoilers about last night's 'Mad Men' on AMC. If you're a fan of the show, come back once you're watched the episode. But these posts are about a specific element of New York history from the 1960s and can be read even by those who don't watch the show at all. You can find other articles in this series here.
Mr. Jeh Johnson and General Carter Ham will no doubt give us that time
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS CNTRL/NRN PLAINS SEWD INTO THE MID MS AND OH VALLEYS…
about 10 -12 peeled raw king prawns, defrosted if frozen
And she’ll keep her house
Your husband: India Pale Ale is just the right thing for this gift. It tells him that he has a sense of adventure, knows what a good beer tastes like, and carries with it the image of the real he-man.
Part of this addiction means I have to stock up on fabrics and notions, there's no choice in this matter you understand. For a long while now I've wanted these heart, leaf and flower pins, but never got round to getting any. Yesterday I finally pressed yes please in etsy. If you pop on over to That Crafty Fish you'll find she has a few etsy shops selling all sorts of lovelies to tempt you like I was.
Tonight, I had a glass of a Galician blend -- spicy and fruity, but not too sweet -- that suited my palate, long ago trained on Spanish wines, just fine. It eventually came with an unorthodox lesson in stemware from our dear bartender: Sip the same wine from the bulbous bowl of a Burgundy glass and from the longer, leaner Bordeaux glass, and you will taste a difference. Science meets poetry as the voluptuous bowl brings out the more 'feminine' floral notes in wine, while the slender glass accentuates the the spicier, more forward 'masculine' tones. These are the kinds of lessons you learn at Bar Covell: it's enough to make a lady blush! (I mean, not really. Well, maybe some ladies would blush, but who would want to drink wine with those squares anyway.)
“I never know what to do with my hands,” she said.
07.The Beast Within
Little breezes dusk and shiver
Into the conclusion of the realistic idea,
Stephen D. Bechtel, Jr.
TSA agents have been deployed to shake down Americans at everywhere from bus depots, to ferry terminals, to train stations, in one instance conducting pat downs of passengers, including children, who had already completed their journey when arriving in Savannah.
St (chuckling): Oh, no! You can't remember. That doesn't sound good.
I don't think the parents minded,
could not stop drinking it all day long.
Total spent $43.25 plus ~$7.50 gas for 45 miles of driving, for a total cost of $50.75.
The instrumentation is violin, pocket trumpet, bass and drums. Plus some extra flute work from Don Cherry and Bang himself. The timbre of the unusual combination of instruments is absorbing - and the playing excellent.
I read this post recently, by a grown unschooler who states that "many grown homeschoolers are wide-ranging academics on the side, but most people are not. That’s a problem."
But a lot of other stuff happened as well! Too much stuff to go back and list, really. So instead, I decided to go back and have a look at the list of not-quite-resolutions-but-something-like-them for 2011 and see what worked and what fell by the wayside.
When he says,
A driving school is offering its novice drivers the chance to take to the road in a Ferrari.
Ah, serendipity it is a wonderful phenomenon. So much so we don't give it it's due--but this am I say thank you to serendipitous moments. Through some wonderful renters for my apartment during South by Southwest, the gorgeous couple behind thinklove.com, I was introduced to Jack Heath, Founder of the Inspire Foundation.
Are you ready to play? If you would like to join us for this challenge, please link directly to your post (not just to your blog), using Inlinkz below. If you are uploading your project to an online gallery, please use keyword 4CCC-65 (eg: Splitcoaststampers, Paper Craft Planet, etc.)
(and it’s true, she did look awesome) “Yes?”
Kids have so much energy in the mornings.
They better pray fast. The warrant to execute the sentence has been sealed, and the grindstone is turning…
You’ve survived the perils of Demon’s Souls. You’re fighting your way through Dark Souls hell. And next year? Next year you’ll likely breeze through Yakuza: Dead Souls, the newly-renamed North American version of Yakuza of the End, as it is a completely unrelated product.
It appears to me that the Joie de Vivre is telling me that you need to stop blocking the joy from your own life. Be aware of how you think about certain things and this in turn will allow you the potential to adapt better to certain circumstances, which will result in a happier you.
A week before Christmas Emo boy declared all he wants for Christmas is an airplane. I was not about to spend another penny or brave the over trafficked stores, so Soldier boy went out to the garage and put this together with the Sensitive child.
8. Starlight Mints - Black Champagne (3:24)
It is sure to be a fantastic show featuring 28 classic rock tunes including “Don’t Stop Believin’”, “We Built This City”, “The Final Countdown”, “Wanted Dead or Alive”, “Here I Go Again”, “Harden My Heart”, “Can’t Fight this Feeling”, “Renegade” and “I Want To Know What Love Is”.
Stopping to buy piri piri (hot chilli sauce) at a roadside stall, only to have it explode like a roman candle when we open it at the table days later, drenching everyone and their food in red liquid spray.
that’s not good at all.
4. Dot on the letter “I” is called “title”.
Howza bout a fun little survey? I may pick the one that is most popular, on the survey, or I may not. We may choose an entirely different name, if one comes to us, but I would sure love to see what you all think of our (so far) 3 finalists:
I called his wreath "wintery wreath" because of its colours. :) What do you think? (I also made the bow on this). As I've said, this project is so easy and you can find a lot of instructions on the web.
Some code/ordinance changes can be simple and not impact the cost to rebuild too greatly; whereas, other changes can have a significant impact on rebuilding costs. For instance, in some cases even though your entire home isn’t destroyed by the fire, new building codes won’t permit you to rebuild a home with over 50% damage. So, if this were to happen – your insurance company would pay for the damaged portion of the debris removal and rebuild – YOU would be responsible for the debris removal and rebuild for the undamaged portion of your home that the city requires to be rebuilt due to code changes.
I’ve read that on Ultramarathons you should (stop and) take on board food… so I tried out mashed potatoes and oats last week… and although they were every cheap to make, they didn’t taste too good so I thought I’d try an energy bar or two. Mule bars have about 45g of carbs and 250 calories which I thought would be good to keep me going.
"Coward wrote the song while driving from Hanoi to Saigon "without pen, paper, or piano". "I wrestled in my mind with the complicated rhythms and rhymes of the song until finally it was complete, without even the aid of pencil and paper. I sang it triumphantly and unaccompanied to my travelling companion on the verandah of a small jungle guest house. Not only Jeffrey , but the gecko lizards and the tree frogs gave every vocal indication of enthusiasm"."
Mariage Frères has been my tea of choice since I started drinking tea in 2000. I was in Paris, trying to go off coffee (note to MP: just cause I did it once doesn't mean I'll do it again), so I took out books on tea from the American Library and learned something. Then I went to Mariage Frères to sniff their canisters. And that's really why I stayed with this boutique--they'd let me sniff however much I wanted, something that wasn't so common to find back then. Quickly I learned that I'm the "unsophisticated" type of tea drinker. Jasmine green tea is about as traditional as I get--I prefer flavors. All kinds of pretty flavors with pretty flower petals and fruits nestled within!
I’m a total tweet-twat.
I was really fighting with myself on this one, as I didn't think the vacuum should go with food.
The special report published this morning by the Central Bank of Ireland may well have perked up your spirits if you’re a homeowner inIreland. The Bank has calculated that residential property inIreland is between 12-26% undervalued – in other words you might think your home is worth €148,000 but the Bank thinks it should be worth up to €200,000. The Bank has even produced a graph – shown above – which shows the degree of undervaluation based on four different models.
"Whatever he does for you, suklian mo. But don't go over the top. Because if you go over the top, it means, you want something else," E explained. "To maintain a fake boyfriend relationship and friends in the future, everything must be equal. If you go on other dates, you let him know, and always ask 'Do u want to meet after? Or how was your day?'"
Therefore it all started …
It’s not the only thing I miss. I tend to be a very big-picture person, interested in grand cosmic patterns and trends, the kind of “If-a-tree-falls-in-a-forest” questions that can drive other people crazy.
Thanks for stopping by Today! Be sure and share this post by clicking the share buttons below! Have a terrific weekend!
These stories above are good and heartwarming and I am glad these ladies were able to get the closure they needed. At the same time, it is important to understand that in some cases these abusers do not grow up and outgrow this behavior. As I deal with adults who survived this peer abuse as children, I have met some who have been able to go back and get the apologies they deserved. However, this is not always the case and not all bullies grow up. Some grow a lot worse and it is important to understand this. I know of cases where these adults are traumatized once again when finding these abusers on Facebook or anywhere else. In one case, a female bully sent a friend request to her former target on Facebook. The former target confronted the bully and let her know how her behavior left a life long effect. Instead of apologizing, the abuser started stalking and harassing this person on Facebook. There are other stories, but due to privacy and confidentiality, I am not at liberty to say anything else. Since this article came out and was making its way through the blogosphere, I have read comments and found one former abuser state she felt horrible and wanted to apologize to her former target. Other than that I am finding over 98% of the comments to these blogs to disagree with these findings.
For more details, see The Moorings website - www.mooringsvillage.com (which really doesn't do the place justice). But in the meantime, here are some of my favourite scenes...
Don’t get me wrong, I need money to get by, the same as everyone else. But money has no eternal value. It is only good for life on this planet. I need to be storing up eternal wealth. That’s where righteousness comes in. It will last throughout the ages to come.
The monitoring teams also witnessed numerous acts of police brutality, such as assault of arrested persons. Instead of merely apprehending suspects, the attitude of the police was punitive in nature.
I suppose there’s still something to be said about holding a newspaper in your hands, rather than reading the news off a computer screen, Blackberry or any of the other fancy gidgets and gadjets that are available today. It can be, as suggested, quite comforting. But in terms of news, I’m afraid the print newspaper has gone the way of AM radio.
The preachers and pastors, I say, must impress this upon such disloyal people, with constant admonition and warning, for it is the truth, and it is needed. But if there are some who despise this exhortation and will not be moved by it, let them go on to the devil, as St. Paul had to let the Greeks, and St. Peter the Jews go; the others should not mind. Indeed, if it were to come to war, I would rather that none of these were under the emperor’s banner, or stayed under it, but were all on the Turk’s side; they would be beaten all the sooner and in battle they would do the Turk more harm than good, for they are out of favor with God, the devil, and the world, and are surely, all of them, condemned to hell. It is good to fight against such people, who are plainly and surely damned both by God and the world.
ruffles potato chips with sour cream and onion dip
And more even than simply inaccurate, I often find it rather insulting.
It’s also totally ok as well because I’ve already warned Brandon we’re probably going to give birth to a baby monkey. I mean ALL of my kids have inherited my hairiness.(Wow say that three times fast.) They are usually covered in hair from the top of their heads right down to their cute little tails…I mean tail bone. Heck some of them have even had cowlicks on their backs.
A couple of hours later I walked into a place to buy an empanada; ´What have you got without meat (sin carne)´, I asked. The bloke reacted immediately ´Pollo - ..´ ´No, no, soy vegetariana (with an apologetic smile)´ ´Ah... entonces (names several types of empanadas, ending with La Napoletana)´ I wanted to know what is in La Napoletana (I have learned to be wary); ´Jamon, queso, tomates.´ ´Qué?!´ not sure I really heard what I heard ´Jamon, queso, tomates´ he repeats patiently. ´Ah, no, yo quiero algo sin carne...´ ´Sí, claro (encouragingly).´ I have a moment of confusion, but then decide to be assertive ´Jamon, pero, es carne!´ He gives me an incredulous smile, and then it dawns on him ´Aaaaah.... Sí...´
I know you've been waiting for the thrilling conclusion to our two days of leisure. Well, wait no more!
Never really picking up the great matter, but really looking for the great answer.
“Come back, Tommy!”
The few that we managed to save, were served (nearly dry) to the sibs, with blackberry mint scones (just like the dandelion scones, but with 2 tablespoons of chopped fresh mint added to sour cream scones, patted out and cut into circles with a glass, and topped with a pressed in dollop of blackberry jam, before baking), and fresh mint tea (hot water poured right over the mint leaves in the tea pot, with sugar to taste)...
11. Telephone Skills: How to Hang Up
4. April Camden Doll – Natural Waldorf Doll The idea of a Waldorf doll, well expressed here and here, is to have a doll that is soft and lovely to the senses, and whose expression (or lack thereof) allows the child to assign it any mood that fits the situation. No pasted smiles, no hard edges.
With all our diversities apparent and hidden
The sale was a great success. We had 20 artists selling their work. Everything from pottery to weaving, fabric "paintings", decorated gourds, jewelry, and more. We were a part of the Grove Park/Ravenwood Garden Tour and had about 125 people visit our artists.
-Wanna come take a Copics class with me? My next classes will be in Baltimore, Montreal Canada, and Connecticut---all the info is up at www.cmcroad.com or you can email me if you have questions.
that my own little world is not about me
“Either you honor all or none,” Kaji said. “How can you draw a line based on survivability? They’ve effectively eliminated 95% of all the affected students.”
It's time to take a step back!
TINSA have released house price figures for January and they show another fall in prices, although more moderate than before.
4. Humor
“This captivating, emotional production will make you want to hug your family and friends and dance the night away. Highly recommended!”
and goddamn it, i think he means it.
2. More concerned in showing how clever he / she is
We shot in the studio against black and white backgrounds and spent a pleasant afternoon chatting and general getting Krissi to relax in front of the camera again. Once she had become more comfortable, and she had seen some of the initial pictures on the viewfinder on the camera, we set about getting some lovely shots of her.
That's huge. HUGE.
I was surprised and very touched to be nominated for the Versatile Blogger Award by Infernal Deity of a Psychotic Mind, a blogger with great taste in delicious men and all things beautiful. My blog meanders through my random thoughts, muses and ideas and it is humbling to think that my words mean anything to anyone beyond myself.
The Single Judge convened a meeting with the Victims Participation and Reparations Section and other involved Registry personnel to discuss the manner of victim participation in the pre-Trial phase of the proceedings.[23] The Single Judge then ordered the beginnings of a “collective” system of victim representation.
If you’ve gotten this far and have your heightmap in the game, congratulations. You’re one of the selected few. You are Dragonborn. But then you’ll want to add distant land to this as well, because all you see at this point is the near vicinity of your character. read the pages on CreationKit.com about how to generate distant land. The descriptions there are pretty good and to the point.
God's Law is timeless.
After you've completed the circuit, unscramble the words as you proceed through the Scavenger Hunt. When you're finished, fill out the contest entry form here.
The cultural experience I had so badly longed for before was now right at my doorsteps. I could see myself developing a completely different social life and having more diverse networks than ever before. Just going to the gym, which was two minutes away, and attending all of their different classes felt simply good. My dream of living in an area that was in New York but did not necessarily feel like New York seemed to have come true. At the same time I did not feel threatened when returning home late at night. That was before word had spread on several instances of rape and molestation around 5th Avenue. Today I still feel safe in the neighborhood, though.
Some other time, huh? How many OTHER secrets is Kent hiding? Stealing Wonder Woman's panties? Putting Ben-Gay in Batman's Bat-cup? Loosening the top to the salt shaker in the JLA-feteria?
Pink sequined sweater, Moda International. Black lace shirt, Newport News. Hot pink tank and gray flannel pants, Express. Ugly black boots, LifeStrides.
Cops: Dad Brought Child to Robbery Watch Video
"American Pie" by Don McClean
Dear oh dear, the scam merchants really are scraping the bottom of barrel these days.
On Thursday April 22nd, from 4:30 to 6pm, one of the biggest rock stars of the craft beer world will be hanging out at CBX to meet beer enthusiasts and sign bottles/growlers along with his book "Brewing Up A Business" which will be available at CBX for a discounted price! Sam Calagione is the Founder and President of Dogfish Head Craft Brewed Ales as well as a highly acclaimed craft beer author and media presence. Our growler station will be loaded with Dogfish Head beers for Sam to offer up his unique specialties and talk shop about his creations. We'll have some Dogfish goodies to giveaway too! See you there!
My own worst enemy? Yes I am. I have set standards for myself that I can’t reach. I feel I must be perfect in everything I say or do or it won’t matter to say anything at all. I rather keep quiet than risk saying anything silly or meaningless. Yet the times when I break free from these standards and manage to speak without thinking too much about what to say or worry about what I’m saying are the happiest times of my life. The times I always miss when I have thrown myself back into the darkness of my own prison and got caught up by thoughts about not being good enough, perfect enough. Feeling worthless, small and inferior in every way possible.
Wyatt on the other hand is my little independent man.
Raffaello, Tiziano, Beato Angelico, Tintoretto, Rubens, Goya, Velazquez, Bosch ..... it was a delight for the eyes and a solace for the soul to see all their masterpieces with my own eyes!
3 bound
And the pump right in the kitchen! And the city! city! city! –
I love using lace on just about everything I create be it paper, fabric, mixed media. I use quite a bit of heirloom lace in my art projects that I purchase online. I don’t find it very often here when I am out antiquing. Chemical lace is my favorite of all the vintage/antique laces. If I am using lace on a fabric project, I find sewing the lace on in layers achieves the best results (and little frustration). For paper/cardstock, I used the good old sewing machine. In mixed media projects, I use a combination of E6000 and Matte Gel Medium.
Me (rather sarcastically): "Oh, what might cause a luggage delay here? The baggage handlers haven't gone on strike have they?"
In the process of becoming giddy about life…ALL the time! Recharged. Re-energized. Radiant. Yup, happy being me with all my foibles. Focusing on health, lifestyle, spirit, and all that intangible goodness!
In among all this foolishness is an ovarian cyst I have been dealing with since Easter. I hope it resolves soon. Standard medical advice says to wait 4 weeks before contacting the doctor. I really don't want to deal with yet another round of medical testing.
We are people who will endure season after season of disappointment because we know in the end, there is a love that will find a way and a love that will not be broken. No chicane will stand. Love wins. And season after season of disappointment will not disuade us from believing.
One of the long-running themes of this blog is how the marketing and advertising world have lost touch with reality .
David Sylvian & R. Sakamoto Bamboo houses UK
The park has rustic cabins, most built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s. We have our own favorite cabin perched on the edge of the mountaintop with a wonderful view of the valley below. We can enjoy beautiful sunsets without leaving the deck of the cabin.
Grubbs recruited by Jim O'Rourke to compose the single 20 Songs Less (Teen Beat, 1993) and the acoustic Crookt Crackt Or Fly (Drag City, 1994). Both are radical works, although of different kinds. The latter is, first and foremost, a study of guitar deconstruction. The 13-minute Work From Smoke squeezes a pastoral ballad between dissonant flamenco picking and the country-raga fantasy of a drunk John Fahey, which then fades into free-jazz jamming for the subconscious. Every Five Miles is an even more abstract stream of consciousness, in which the guitar is consistently plucked at the limit between harmony and noise, the tempo is ever changing, and the tones get harsher and harsher. The longest piece, The Wrong Soundings
I had intended to stitch a cushion cover for it.. THEN at ... Ikea I remembered!
- Way you glide along on that ice you’re like a falcon in flight. – I said, right in his ear.
passage today? How do you picture Jesus as he prays? What does this say to
I also like the Knockout Tournament they are giving us, and now it seems Velvet Sky has moved on to Bound for Glory for the Knockout Title against Winter. Velvet Sky is my choice to win the title.
We had a little pep talk. I showed him that I actually had, in all of my motherly wisdom, saved a few things I knew he might want to play with in the future (despite his insistence, at the time, that he wanted every single toy gone so he wouldn’t have to ever clean his room again!) and the sacks remained in the car.
“Katie.” Ted looked down at Katie’s hand still clenching his arm. Katie let go and dropped her hand to her sides.
The introduction of Hot Wheels was a revolution in diecast toy cars. Any track that had a start and a finish to it, inevitably saw the Hot Wheels cars fly through the end and onto the floor. By 1970 the time had come to try slowing these cars down. Real world funny cars and dragsters use parachutes. Why not Hot Wheels?
Can someone explain to me what the hell is this cuz it looks like it and it makes me sick, How can u be attracted to your own brother/Family?
I will choose to engage in activities that enriches my life and the life of those around me.
Also, how do you have more money in your pocket? Work. You slug your way out, climb up the corporate ladder, do plenty of OTs, just to earn a few more bucks. By the time you get home, you’ll be too tired to have a proper bonding session with your children. Having kids and seeing them only a few hours each day and two full days is not going to help bond the kid with the parents.
4. What do you think could be done to better promote Australian authors either at home or abroad (or both)?
Drag: Do you work on your own?
An investigation into IDT by the Consumerist highlighted the background of several of the sales reps for IDT in multi-level marketing, and some similar sales tactics to those used in multi-level marketing. But IDT, as far as I could tell, paid people commission for getting people to sign up to its service and that was that.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012), doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps005, first published online: January 30, 2012
Each person reading this can probably think about things that have happened in their lives that have changed them: whether it was seeing a friend experience a hardship, losing someone they love, dealing with a crisis in their life, or having a positive eye-opening experience. Each person reading this can think of who in their life has helped to shape who they are: whether it is parents, siblings, friends, or other people who have walked into their life. Each person reading this can think of something they have learned: whether in the classroom, from a deep conversation, or from experiencing something that taught them a lesson. It is these things that we carry with us, that affect who we are. And everyone is different.
i have been given some lovely chook related gifts..too good to use french hen shaped soap and eggs, hand embroidered rooster serviettes and an antique white milk glass hen on nest dish..and recently i found a pottery hen on nest dish at the op shop which i blogged about here..
People are getting very passionate about losing paper and cardboard. Get over it. For us it’s what’s on the pages that count. If you buy a crap novel, the traditional book suddenly doesn’t look so nostalgic.
7. William is VERY stubborn. If he doesn’t want to do something, he pretty much won’t.
Maybe I’m missing something here? Maybe it’s because I sit here looking at my shorts and the stomach that sticks out over them (yes – I should probably go and invest in some proper maternity wear now instead of wearing my regular shorts without doing them up)…
What were Richard III's last words?
Happy Gilmore mixes a lot of vulgar sex jokes and slapstick humor with some incredibly absurd elements. It is the absurdity which saves the film. His grandmother is trapped in a slave labor nursing home run by the hilariously sinister unaccredited Ben Stiller playing the mustache twirling villain to a tee. The famous fist fight with bob barker is the biggest highlight, but it is followed closely by Gilmore’s ’Happy place” featuring the lovely Julie Bowen in her underwear.
Features: Buddha Puja, Vipassana Meditation, Photo Exhibition, Buddha Prabachan, Visit Lumbini Year 2012 Promotion, Sports , blood donation and more
1/4 cup cocoa
But hell what do I know. Chime in!
Now that I have seen my true reflection, I need to throw out the broken mirror!
"The other day, we all went out as a family," she e-mailed me. "After lunch, Ava fell asleep, so I knew of a house close by where I already had permission to pick the oranges and lemons. Daddy sat in the car and read a book. Ava slept. And, I picked 50 pounds of fruit! It was easy. It's always thrilling when I meet new people and they are so kind and generous. That is what makes the world a better place."
Friday night I had the opportunity to participate in a card class my friend Emily was having. We had so much fun! I enjoy getting to chat with others plus see what fabulous things they are creating!
Grinding against him, Caleb increased the friction by sneakily letting his free hand feel up Gislenus’s toned body. “Fuck.“
Being her friend could be fun too. A typical walk in the park became a colorful narrative of the incompetent idiots in her life, who didn’t recognize her potential. Or some boy who she was teasing, but wasn’t really interested in dating. Or some boy shes dating who isnt giving her the kind of relationship she needs. Or that girl across the sidewalk, whose outfit looked like it had been picked out by a blind orangutan.
Sense of the Readership
This, this: no more, you gods! your present kindness
That’s me. That is my identity. So is it ok for large companies to use my identity against me? To use my interests, place of residence and habits to formulate an advertisement strategy targeted at me? First, I honestly think that notion is a bit creepy, but I do think it’s ok given that the company goes about it legally. Look at it this way; we interact with people based on their identity, their interests, likes, dislikes, locations and certain habits such as driving habits. Creating an advertisement strategy based on me is the only way the company as a whole can interact with me. There is no way the company can interact with me face to face or personally over the internet through conversational e-mail. So what can they do? Do me a service. They log what I buy and often I buy it. This lets them help me by giving me coupons for what I buy the most. CVS does this for me with their Extra Care card and I think it’s great. Instead of getting coupons for things I never buy I get coupons for thing I do buy and items related to my regular list. Yes, companies knowing where we live, what we buy, how many credit cards we have and have much we make is on the creepy side. But it’s kind of creepy because they are plugged into parts of our identity. So why are we spooked when a company knows so much when this is the information we readily give to people we know and people we want to know? I give my e-mail out to my family and friends, my parents know what bank I have an account with, my family and friends have my number, Amazon.com knows my mailing address for packages and Linked In , Facebook, and Twitter know what college I go to. We have the choice to not give out our information. The problem is, by not giving out information online we limit our social networks. How many of you could go without your Facebook, Twitter, Amazon or iTunes accounts?
Ethan: I don't know.
I finally managed to get this last card in before the deadline yesterday. I'm just posting now as time is precious for me these days as I'm looking after our move for next month. So much to do and such little time to do it! LOL
The Brentwood Gazette reported the council turned down the demolition plan because the house is of “considerable architectural merit and makes a positive contribution to the character and appearance of the Conservation Area”.
Hops are used to offset malt sweetness, but in Adam's case, a pronounced smokiness in the nose and palate aid the cause. Sally commented on the hop intensity, but I found it more serene--a burnishing of the plummy malt. I don't recall the smoke being this strong. In my memory, it's more plums and chocolate with just an undercurrent of smoke. HotD now uses all-organic malt, and this may be part of the explanation. The nature of the beer is unchanged, but the emphasis has shifted.
They will use whatever they can against us, and as we now know, nothing is too low for them.
I had never dreamed of being a full-time, long-term, stay-at-home mother but have always dreamed of marriage to anyone of any sex or gender presentation who I was compatible enough with, that I could partner my abilities and resources with to sustain a lifelong commitment and family. And, I didn’t always think of this desire as one of economic value or as a safety net in case of emergency, nor did I look for partners that I could trust to offer me either. Instead, naively, until recently, I thought of this contract as one signed with love based on what I assumed (bias) was an “innate” desire for coupling. Of course, it is worth noting, I was raised to believe it was a binding contract and sacrament willed and sanctioned by “God,” and that any non-hetero impulse was sinful and to be suppressed etc.
Expect more of the same over the coming week to 10 days.
They will flit from one beautiful flower to another for the sheer pleasure of the uniqueness of who they are there, at that moment,
* a piece of cheesy-garlic bread wrapped in a napkin from dinner last night
Is it our past that fuels us
So there I was applying my black, water-proof mascara, it has to be water-proof, I cry when I laugh and as I’m always laughing, do I need to say anymore… when I noticed that the bottom ones are longer than the top. Not just a little bit longer either. I wouldn’t say that they were long, the bottom ones, just that they are longer than the top.
Bob and I celebrated our 45th Wedding Anniversary on August 14.
The medical director became aware of Mary's heroic act and he
Before the visit, our clients doubted whether they had the capacity to start new activities, but after seeing how successful their peers have been, they said, “Now that we have seen them do it, we know we can do it too! And, we are ready to start!” Seeing really is believing.
However, the good news is that this ridiculous law does not apply to drinking; the Paladar has a most extensive and inviting selection of rum, which you can while away your evening with in the bar or in the restaurant.
Stay tuned for a brand new trailer and an upcoming crowd funding pitch to get the ball rolling on the sequel! =)
The recipe calls for a 10 inch round cake pan with three inch sides. I couldn’t find one in Williams Sonoma when I was at the Mall of America the last time, so I started looking online for ideas. I came across a video from Chef Marcela Valladolid from Food Network, where she made basically the same cake in a Bundt pan. Excellent idea!
Crayon Sourcils Sculpting Eyebrow Pencil
1. They like to flirt and when you caught them they can tell you that they are naturally flirty. They will tell you that they flirt with all their friends too and it means “nothing” for them.. for this boys flirting is harmless and acting it is different. awh sounds awful!
The Iranian-supported Shi’ite terrorist group Hezbollah has spread its influence all the way to the U.S. border with Mexico, a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on Iran’s influence in the Western Hemisphere heard on Thursday.
I do believe that I will buy this piece before I leave New Mexico or one of the others I showed you here.
16This is what all the meeting of the people of the Lord has said, What is this wrong which you have done against the God of Israel, turning back this day from the Lord and building an altar for yourselves, and being false to the Lord?
Two and a half centuries ago, Calisto Terana lost everything when a zealous priest murdered the woman he loved. Now, desperate for another chance to love her, he wants redemption for the mistake that cost her life.
have in me the yeast of greatness! Greater is He that is in me than he that is
Daniel 9:9–To the Lord our God belong mercy and forgiveness, though we have rebelled against Him.
Nifty to remain range bound between 5500 – 5300
6. Bathroom Etiquette II: His Razor is His
The tactic, which attacks fundamental civil liberties in the students’ host countries, has provoked outrage amongst academics and politicians in both Britain and America. Today, Tom Greatrex MP, a Member of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Malaysia, said:
At Phaedo 93a-94e Socrates is responding to a kind of materialist theory suggested by Simmias. Simmias acknowledges that Socrates can raise difficulties for the identification of the soul with the body by pointing out apparently metaphysical differences between them (for example with the argument from “recollection,” which is Socrates’ term of art for innate knowledge), but Simmias argues that the soul might nonetheless be a kind of “attunement” of the body. This is an emergentist view: when all of the physical properties come together in the right way, a non-physical property emerges, not identical to but dependent on (caused by) the underlying physical properties. Emergentism is a creature of that murky area, populated by refugees and smugglers, where “non-reductive materialism” and “epistemological dualism” share a hopelessly porous border. People who wind up here wanted the goodness of materialism without the badness. Plato’s (dualist) response to the emergentist challenge provides the last link in my argument for a Platonic resolution (I don’t say “solution”) to the problem of rationality.
About this time John and Ashton showed up. Ashton was my cheerleader for 3 of my 4 games, giving me great advise like “why didn’t you move up to shoot those Thunder Wolves?”. All my opponents were great and even though I only won one game, it was a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
― Mahatma Gandhi
Is not the porch of spirits lingering.
When we ate dinner at their home Aunt Becky would ask as dinner was ending how many cups of coffee would each person enjoy after dinner. Then she would disappear into the kitchen. When I was older I invited myself back to the kitchen to watch the preparation. The best I recall she mixed one tablespoon of coffee per cup into a well beaten egg mixture. Then she set it in a pot and it steeped. She used a fine tea strainer to keep the grounds out of the coffee and poured a deep amber liquid that made coffee an art form in her home.
Flander's Poppy
Floor: Gift wrapping supplies. And an EMPTY tub!!
Among the many varieties of Gluten-free Pastas, Cookies, Cake Mixes, I saw a bag of Gluten-free Brown Rice Flour! Yes, this would be an excellent exchange for regular white flour. With the little amount I needed for this Latke Recipe, I purchased the Brown Rice Flour and began the process of preparing Potato Latkes as usual.
I'm even more impressed because I had so much drama with work and interviews and orientations and money. It's been a stressful month. And it was definitely a struggle to post every single day.
I am honestly in awe of these people. If you throw out the fact that most of the girls look like they need a hamburger or three hundred, the cost to produce the clothes could feed a small country, and in the real world what you put on your head shouldn't matter as much as what's in it... it is pretty amazing.
Next time I have a sofa I need to get rid of I’m just going to leave it lying in the street.
Africa Today with Walter Turner
That night I got super crampy and just 'knew' the end to this horrendous cycle was coming the next day. So, I got up the next day and did not take a test like I said I would. To be honest, it was mostly because I forgot, since I was running late for work that day. Lindsey, my boss, picked me up and we headed to the first house. It took all of about four seconds for her to notice I wasn't my normal self. I was quite hyped up, everytime I checked facebook I would burst out into some loud, obnoxious rant about how just utterly ridiculous someone's post was. And then, I posted my own status. It said something to the effect of "If you're pregnant, stop whining about it. After all, there is a little miracle in your belly." Pretty sure it was less direct than that, but you get the point.
Just to let you know what’s happening with us…
I missed his 10 month old post altogether - mostly because I was in Montreal celebrating my 30th birthday but is that really an excuse? :) What I would have said in that post is that is got two teeth and has only bitten me a few times. That he is saying "mama" and "dada/papa" and waving. But all that's old news now.
Some dogs with hip dysplasia do well with weight control and pain medication as they get older. As mentioned in a previous Pet Points article, pain drugs should be given only with precautions. Human drugs can be dangerous when given to animals. Also, side effects can include irritation to both the stomach and intestine or liver and kidney damage. Blood testing is required prior to starting medication and monitoring is necessary when using pain medication.
Excellent Betty MacDonald Fan Club literature and outstanding art support us to see the positive aspects of life.
Loki: I have an army.
I had a package of 20 Halloween pencils laying around the house and thought it would be fun to make some pencil toppers for these and give them to the various small children of my family and friends. I completed the pencils and then made little treat bags with the pencils, some straws, a little bit of candy, erasers and other fun stuff like that. I will post the picture later of all of the bags. Here are the pencils for now.
Forest, the smokers’ lobby group which runs the Hands Off Our Packs campaign, says that government consultations on tobacco are not public consultations but “public sector consultations” because public money and public sector workers are used to mobilise support for further tobacco control measures.
This pie recipe, unlike many, does not need to be stored in the refrigerator.
It’s about environmental degradation, science, our dependence on plastic, the consequences of our attitudes towards the earth. The main character, who narrates the story of his return to the land in rural Nova Scotia as well as a past life spent in New York City in a lab, tends his garden, detached from the catastrophes going on in greater society. We learn, early on, that the world is collapsing because of the loss of certain plastics. The radio news reports that
Next I was on the hunt for some new drawer pulls and handles. I was just browsing at Home Depot and came across these pulls that I really liked. They were only $2.99 per pull, which was inexpensive, but since I had to buy 8, I knew it would add up quick. The door handles were only $3.49 per piece (I got 2). Andres helped me measure the drawers so that I would get them exactly in the middle, and then we drilled the holes. A little while later we were able to screw in all the pulls and bring it inside!
Got a low, low feeling around me
Thanks for visiting with me today , Im wishing that all your dreams come true someday soon and until we meet again ..Ill always be ...just a lil raggedy angie!hugs!
the lack of plastic containers of many kinds has fuelled a drastic shortage of blood for surgeries in most hospitals. Authorities attribute this primarily to the loss of plastic collection bags and tubing. The dissolution of these and many other plastics has authorities baffled . . . . Blackouts continue to plague most cities as the coating on high-volate power lines is dissolving or being eaten. The nylon in gas tanks is being digested from the outside and people are finding their cars standing in puddles of gas (43).
So, this is my first ever post on WordPress and to start with, I need to apologise to you all for that somewhat intimidating picture of the UKIP leader. But on the eve of the Local Council elections, it’s only fair that Nigel Farage gets a shout or two.
Obey City – Work Move
Phone: 309/371-0473
Rafael Gil: The US Treasury gave millions to the banks. The US is helping banks meanwhile they are laying people off. Bank of America plans to lay off 30,000 people. The CEOs are getting bonuses and the banks are foreclosing on people’s homes. A lot of people go to school and play by the book. If you would fast forward their lives 20 or 30 years down the road, many are facing massive debt and homelessness today.
There's a rat-a-tat-tat coming from the trees across the valley, the sound of a woodpecker doing whatever it is that woodpeckers do. The fluffy clouds are tinged with pink and the outlines of two of Dorset's highest points, Pilsdon and Lewesdon - known by sailors and locals as The Cow and The Calf - are sharp and clear against the morning sky.
BY THE PALE MOONLIGHT is going to go up for sale on October 18th!!! That's only --9-- days from now!!! WHOOT WHOO!!!
After realizing there is no way I could hike up to the fire pit in the snow, carrying Owen with his snow suit on, and lug an oxygen tank behind us... I decided to take the stroller. Thank goodness for our super baby jogger deluxe.. it cruised over most of the snow! It was also nice to keep the stroller at a far distance from the fire pit... darn oxygen.
Oddly enough it wasn’t too big a struggle to get the boys to bed after that, and as they settled down, we caught up with Mum, Dad and Colin.
it's a "Big Busted" girl thing........... ( lest you judge... walk a mile in my bra cups......)
However Precedence has it
1 T olive oil
Not that it matters anyway. I'm cock-a-hoop about them regardless, and I'm looking forward to exploiting them to the full for the forthcoming TinTrunk website, not to mention flyers, business cards, signs, badges, banners, fridge magnets, coffee mugs, t-shirts, mousemats - blimey, there's so much potential!
This fel dabbling did indeed arouse the interest of the Burning Legion once more, and the Blood Elves served these evil masters much like the Drow serve Lloth. The problem with masters of a chaotic nature is these beings tend to revel in conflict and destruction more than the prosperity of their followers. Sargeras is not as interested in followers as he is in destroying every world and living thing created by the Titans. The Blood Elves were too lost in their addiction to realize the evil they unleashed upon the world and willingly served.
AWA has a variety of events, including video rooms, a dealers room, costume contest, panels, workshops, an artist alley, and a formal ball.
Not only did I improve my writing I also got to spend time with other people
He said, “Throw your net on the right side of the boat and you will find some” (Jn. 21:6a).
Me likey, trust you do too.
My eldest son has just persuaded me to try playing 'Lord of the Rings' online, so I may not be doing so much crafting if I get addicted to it. To be honest, I really need something to keep my mind occupied at the moment as it stops me thinking of all the things that could go wrong with our house move!
"You're on a plan with THAT handset."
“The swastika is shorthand for every racist and bigot on the planet,” Rabbi Cooper said. “It is amazing that 60 or 70 years later that symbol has not lost any of its potency.”
Using scraps of the yellow paper, I punched out a lot of small flowers and layered them up to make the smaller flowers. The larger flowers were in the goody bag, to which I added some green glitter as a highlight. In the centre of each flower is a gold gem.
Here he is getting
Really....
04. Unspoken
Optoma HD70 Home Projector Review – Affordable Home Theater Projection
From the data, it appears that a substantial defense to infringement is the single best way to defeat a willfulness claim. The low odds ratio for this factor (0.121) suggest that an accused infringer is several times less likely to be found willful if it can establish that it had a substantial or credible defense to the patentee's infringement claim. Specifically, when a substantial defense existed, willfulness was found only 13% of the time (5 of 40 cases), compared to 57% of the time when no substantial defense was found (55 of 96 cases).217 This relationship is highly statistically significant (p = .000).
It makes me sad to see the two countries drifting apart. No, not on the forums – they don’t matter that much (sorry to burst your bubble), but in the real world. Canada’s oil used to go the USA. Now it’s going to go to China. Canada is signing a crazy amount of free trade deals with Europe and the rest of the world these past few weeks. Canada currently trades over two thirds of its exports with the USA, but that might change.
You know, the old lady who used to live here:
Christmas beads and Valentine's beads really stand out when you use Sangre with Valentine - they work very well together. Below, you can see them in one of my latest sets. The stringer is particularly pretty - Valentine encased with Sangre.
Dexter Gordon (Round Midnight)
A chainsaw should idle sometimes too. Like when you let off the throttle, the chainsaw should stop rotating the chain. You see, when the chain is turning you stand a higher chance of cutting something. You don't want it to be a part of your body.
“No one’s Gonna Need You More” is the third song on the record and is remarkably different from the rest of the record. Although the lyrical content doesn’t blaze any new paths, the instrumentation is on another level. The song is uniquely uptempo and plays a nice foil for the much more somber tracks on the record and in their discography.
I also keep all of my race numbers and put them in magnetic photo albums.
Am still gathering information on the ex-pat populaton………….there might be a novel in it yet!!
A long time ago, I listened to Episode #100 of the Diet Soap podcast and it sparked a lot of thoughts and conversations, mostly with myself, about the nature of charity and justice and how to get from one to the other. More recently at Hope Fellowship we’ve been reaffirming our membership and commitment to the values of our little ekklesia . The last couple weeks has been teaching and discussing the value of tithing and sharing. While we can always do better, I really appreciate that we attempt to tackle one of the most touchy subjects with a little more depth, transparency and thought…how we deal with our finances. So, I thought I’d tackle some thoughts from the podcast and current conversation on the difference between charity and justice and why we should all be Mother Theresa.
4) Add glass noodles,long beans, red and green chillies and onions.Stir well for few minutes until dry.
-low to no dust
I think I might take photography classes AND grad school in 2012. Yes, I really am that dumb.
It's a series of rooms and who we get stuck in those rooms with
The idea is this: Ruth will choose ten or so entrants from her 'slush pile'. The awesome agents will then read through the material and choose a winner, who will be the lucky recipient of a partial critique (And more if they love what they read!)
"That's nice, for YOU. We are happy how things are" Insert very big, cheesy smile.
In a way, this is all incredibly ironic. I got this laptop two years ago, when the configuration of the universe was completely different and before things went to shit, because I thought that it would put me in an amazing situation: it’d take me away from windows and at the same time ease me into the transition to more customizable linux distros. It’d be an epic win on all counts, see?
But would she still be the Babe? My Babe. Our Babe.
Taketsuru was every inch the dapper young gentleman. He came from a well established sake making family, had an excellent education (one of his schoolmates became the Japanese prime minister) and seems to have had some presence about him, but going to a profoundly foreign culture to discover and record a secretive industry's technical knowhow would be daunting for anyone. Britain in 1919 was not always friendly to non-white people: the day after his visit to Nettleton, Taketsuru visited three hotels in Rothes to try to find some cheaper accommodation than the grand Station Hotel, but was turned away at each. "Some people were afraid of foreigners," he explained.
and Husband of His True Church which rose again “Reformed” out of the
I made a cake for a visiting friend a week or so ago. It's Dorie Greenspan's Perfect Party Cake. It didn't turn out quite like I'd hoped, but I was able to improvise.
Dear thesaurus,
The first sound of thunder came during that phase of slumber when we tend to think the rumble might have come from the power of imagination, some disturbing aspect in the crumbling edges of a dream. I had no such doubts about the second; it rattled the windows and shook the walls. The even rhythm of the rain was syncopated by harder beats as bits of hail fell against the flat roof right outside the west window of the bedroom.
Dan was ready for a little fun and grabbed his bass player and drummer as he headed for the small stage. The lounge band ended their set and McCafferty told them the drinks were on him if they could borrow their instruments for awhile. Manny strapped on a Fender Strat with a scowl on his face, he was a Les Paul man all the way, but it would have to do. Dan said – “this is Vigilante Man by Woody Guthrie”, Manny played a long slide intro building up the intensity before McCafferty and his band mates cut loose with a roar. Ronnie Isley came up to Ernie and asked what’s up. Ernie didn’t say anything, too surprised at Charlton’s axe playing. A friend of Ronnie’s leaned over and told him – “I think that’s Deep Purple. Heard some of them was in town, those rock bands all sound the same, don’t they.” Ronnie didn’t say anything and took another sip from his Courvoisier. McCafferty announced Joni Mitchell’s This Flight Tonight and then the small room really started to cook. What was originally a soft, acoustic tune had been turned into something sharp and electric. Marvin Isley came over to Ronnie and said –“these are some scraggly lookin’ dudes – but they mean it.” Ernie piped in with – “I don’t dig no Joni Mitchell, she’s too wordy.” When the song was over Manny yelled over to the Isleys table – “that’s how you play fooking covers, make them yer own mate.” Ronnie unbuttoned his shirt and looked at Marvin, nothing needed to be said. You don’t make it in the music business for thirty years like the Isleys on talent alone; they learned the hard way you can’t back down from anything.
On Ash Wednesday the San Fernando Magistrate Court heard two matters brought by Mr Roopnarine and his daughter Sharda Roopnarine Ramsajan, after allegations were made by Mr. Roopnarine’s former son-in-law Damian Ramsajan.
The second single (Dixie 45-1043) is a classic. The flip side, Here I Am Drunk Again is a well known cover of the Autry Inman country bopper. The a-side is a monster instrumental. The intro is all Duane Eddy before moving into Link Wray and Sandy Nelson mode. Does anyone know who the guitarist is? I know a lot of the Starday stuff is Hal Harris but it doesn't sound like him to me. It packs more punch than a jackhammer and if savage rock 'n' roll is your bag, you'll love it.
Here some of my favourite options, going from meeting at the office to walking in the park!
51) I used to have the hots for Ben Stein and Dave Navarro. I know, there's no accounting for taste. The Spouse Sparrow bugged me so much about Ben Stein that I went off him. I went off Dave Navarro when he hooked up with Carmen Electra.
No, you went to visit your GRANDMOTHER. Use ‘Big People’ words!’She then asked Mitchell what he had done
Anyway, in one of the visits to Meera’s maternal grand-uncle’s house in Hyderabad I was introduced to a gentleman who was due to release a book on Indian food and its history over the past 1000 years. That’s no mean feat!
The independent review of stadium costs by PricewaterhouseCoopers is of necessity limited by its price tag of $55,000 and the instructions of the commissioning client, Dunedin City Council. Meanwhile, the ‘independent’ Otago Daily Times is prepared to sit back as a moderate, to cover tail.
The gnostic or arcane/occult view might hold that everything we know and can know is a co-creation of the mind of the universe and our individual minds – that the universe needs us for its knowing as we need the universe for ours, and that that is a continual and continuing process of co-evolution.
At the entrance I was told by a flustered organizer that I had won a ticket (sadly, not a VIP one) and apologies for not telling me – and no, I couldn’t have a refund on the ticket I had paid for. A small price to pay to avoid a PR triumph turning to a fail, I’d have thought – I’d have given out a VIP ticket in their shoes but I only work in PR, so what do I know?
“Cardigan heads east through the night-bleak cities of America. His destination? Zimms County Home for Orphaned Children, the palace of dementia where Dr. Archer, ‘Lord of Chaos’, evilly presides – a trap baited with memories. Fires blaze in the rear-view mirror. On the roadside, ghosts, bounty hunters, mermen, Ghoul Hotels. Will D’if, the talking rat, help Cardigan escape this maze, or do all roads lead to madness?”
My feet are soft like a child’s;
The first cause of most people’s confusion is seeing the “CCP” and the “Chinese government” as being interchangeable, or even mixing up the head of the CCP with China the country or the Chinese government as an entity. The second cause is that the CCP intentionally uses this term in its propaganda to confuse public opinion. A third cause is a lack of understanding of what it means to ban something in a legal sense.
In a statistical analysis written up a few years ago in the journal Democratization, I found that countries belonging to the World Trade Organization (WTO) or its predecessor, the GATT, were more likely to attempt and sustain democratic government than ones that did not. By contrast, I found no such “boost” from participation in global or regional human-rights treaty regimes. This WTO effect showed up in models that also included a measure of trade openness, suggesting that the increased trade flows that membership is supposed to produce were not the source of the association. The statistical analysis wasn’t properly designed to identify a causal relationship, but I speculated that the WTO effect had to do with institutional and organizational changes it spurred within countries seeking to join:
The thing is, he was right. There is something about taking a shower that revives you — getting clean, washing away the dirt (both real and metaphorical), starting fresh.
Petit Bateau is a classic French label, known for making amazing cottons. They cover women well and children/babies. I did see the odd man in a petit bateau shirt but there isn’t a designated men’s line or section. The aesthetic of this brand is extremely preppy, lots of nautical themed stripes, cable knit sweaters, navy and white polos. There was a bit of floral print as well, although this is reserved mostly for intimates. I came away with an amazing cotton navy and electric blue stripped dress that’s reversible. Always worth a visit, and fairly reasonable in terms of pricing (20-150€).
Why why why why, why?
Sonic RushSonic Rush
Main meals run from $10 (toad in the hole) to $19 (bbq pork ribs) but a limited selection are available for only $10 at lunchtime on weekdays. One of the healthiest options is probably the bag of fish, an all-in-one meal of fish, greens, fennel, new potatoes, garlic, lemon and cherry tomatoes steamed in a paper parcel. Unfortunately we find the fish to be a little on the bland side when we tried it.
Bugsy (Ennio Morricone)
He paused momentarily reflecting on the positive experience. "It brought back good memories," he smiled. "I'm happy we gave it a try."
But, yes, there are a few other considerations. Maybe you care. Maybe you don't. Rice spent his entire career in Boston, where he played half his games in that hitter's haven that is Fenway Park. If anything Fenway was a better hitter's park in Rice's day than it is now. Take a look at these two sets of numbers:
You knew your own visions, your aims and your dreams,
“Well,” said Lewis Schaffer, “I don’t want to misquote him. I don’t want to put words into Reg’s mouth which he didn’t say because I want to use it in my show.”
For me, this was a great way to begin. I was able to write without the fear of rejection or wondering if I would get an agent or if it would sell, or wondering if it was any good. I wrote for the sheer joy of telling myself (and my niece) a story.
“Police had confiscated the firearm, which was used in an armed robbery in Bushbuckridge last year.”
You might have to go to the high court to get an injunction ! Just to protect your good name.
I’d have given permission
My dreams at this juncture are pretty simple. I want to create worlds. At one point it was going to be through writing, then I started working on coding to try to create a digital world. Then I got sidetracked by a mud and got sucked into that world instead. Now I’m ready to go back to the start of the circle and see if I can’t make it a spiral instead of a loop. Move forward with the urge instead of simply treading over the same ground.
Speaking of things moving, the Mulligan Stew giveaway is still in full swing, but it is almost over! There are only a few days left to donate and enter. Every prize is valuable, but there are some truly excellent prizes that warrant serious consideration!! If I didn't already own an Ipad, I'd be first in line! I also own a Nook Color (won in an adoption giveaway last year!) so I don't need a Kindle, but you might! Now the giftcards...I am totally into those because you can choose whatever you want. And there are some excellent gift cards in the mix. You can enter the Mulligan Stew Giveaway by clicking on the button on our blog (on the left), choosing a family to donate to, and then notifying the giveaway owner that you entered. It's that easy. We're almost done, and SO many people have been blessed. Have you entered? Are you feeling lucky? Want to enter again?
“During the first two or three years in __________, your skills seem to improve almost daily. It is not about __________, you have that down halfway through ___________. As one of my professors once explained, doing _________ is no more physically difficult than writing in cursive. _________mastery is about familiarity and judgement. You learn the problems that can occur during _________ or with a particular __________, and you learn how to either prevent or respond to those problems.”
ancient breath of incense
1) Sony Creative Software Inc
And lastly, besides the traditional ugly race tee (not too ugly this year) it's got the best swag bag. See exhibit A above. That's a real fabric tote in hunter green. It included: a recycle-this-not-that decal, a Road Id leaflet with a discount coupon, a miniature pen, a travel sized toothpaste & toothbrush kit, and a "Need a lawyer?" magnet. Who doesn't want one of those for their fridge?
To keep on topic, I ask. Does Ephesians 5 instruct husbands to act as prophet, priest or king for their families? Not directly. It uses a metaphor that describes the priestly and prophetic role of Christ. Metaphors are tricky because they are so successful… the purpose of a metaphor is transfer the meaning of one phrase to another. But metaphors are not meant to be literal. To understand what it means, we start by asking what it doesn’t mean. I think we all agree that husbands do not literally become Christ. Husbands do not literally atone for their wives’ sin. Husbands are not the voice of God to their wives. Husbands do not have absolute authority over their wives’ lives. How do we know this? Because of clear passages elsewhere. So, attributing the roles of prophet, priest and king to husband is not accurate.
I guess what’s so disturbing about the situation is that you get a house in a remote location so that you can escape the noise and people of the city, only to have some person show up and you can’t escape them. I’m tempted to never come up here again.
"Patent trolls" are more accurately described as patent dealers because they act as market intermediaries in the patent market. Once the activities of patent dealers are isolated from other distinct problems that have been identified with the patent system, specifically the issuance of poor quality patents and the problem of the patent thickets, it becomes clear that the emergence of patent dealers marks a stage in the natural evolution of the patent market. Patent dealers make the patent market more efficient by realigning market participant incentives, making patents more liquid, and clearing the
Back to people - this week I took photos downtown, walked along the beach, got back into the gym, and generally recovered from "the road". It's good to be back. So now that I'm officially 53 years and a few days old - no break in pace. Life goes on. Fully lived. Much appreciated. And I like to think that there are still lots of interesting pages yet to be written.
“Well,” Mom said, crooking her head, “they’re cubs. Baby cats are called kittens and baby leopards are called cubs.”
Price: $7.99 six-pack
If you've been reading for a while, you know that I've been in love with this picture of India Hicks's dining room forever. We didn't have a place to put a wall of picture ledges in our last house, but here, there are two short walls on either side of the back window in the dining room.
I have another writer in my family, my daughter, Rhiannon Lassiter We are both as parasitical and predatory for stories as any professional novelist but we have a gentlepersons' agreement to check with one another about who uses what.
Its truly unbelievable what humans do to animals to make them perform for us.
At night’s end, as Genevieve recalled that first encounter when I spoke with her decades later, they exchanged phone numbers on scraps of paper. “I’m pretty sure we had dinner maybe the Wednesday after. I think maybe he cooked me dinner. Then we went and talked in his bedroom. And then I spent the night. It all felt very inevitable.”
Some bar I haven't seen before awaits me on the other side - old looking and nothing fancy. In fact it completely flies in convention with the new themed sports bars that are popping up all over London right now. This pub has cosy corners and it’s all wood interior carries a musty theme. No chrome and no neon to distract from some serious drinking and proper conversation. Some people are at the bar.
When my eldest son was little, I’d pick him up from play-group and we’d walked happily home discussing what had happened that day, what we were going to do or where we were going to go or the many adventures of Superman.
It’s the stuff of police states, of Kafka and the Communist revolution and the Stasi-dominated dystopia of the DDR. It is also, experts warn, a damning snapshot of Britain today.
She had called earlier in the week and wanted to do a make-up trial since she wouldn't be in our hometown until Wednesday night. She did a fantastic job and we were done in a lot less time then we figured...which always helps! We tried to go to bed early 10:30 CST which was 8:30 for us. We tossed and turned a lot, but eventually made it to sleep!
Below is my email to Bonnie Plants. I urge everyone to contact them as well. They will not see the need to consider change if they don’t get a lot of communication from customers about it.
LIKE my facebook page. The click is on the right hand sidebar. It's the smaller box under the facebook badge, with the thumbs up.
N: As always this will probably depend on the turnout of the small mammals; they are the classic swing voters and tend to vote for the candidate they think is going to win. Which is confusing as we never know who that is going to be. Nonetheless, we both know that Chuwi offended the antelopes with his ‘all look the same to me’ comments so I think we should be ok.
“Have you set a date yet?” Jim asked. “Letisha will feed me leftovers for a month if I can’t give her all the details. It’s only fair to warn you, she’ll want at least one of out kids in your wedding party.” He stopped and peered at Greg. “Hey, you okay? You don’t look too happy.”
Halye said... I would use this to print pictures, wirelessly,of course!!
A few weeks ago I applied for a scholarship and place at a university in Sweden for my PhD on Plastic Pollution in the ocean. They really pulled out all the stops for me and helped me a lot with my questions and thoughts for a thesis and with OPG and the ocean row, and I’d love to do the MSc and PhD with them. It would also mean that everything fell into place with everything else, and if I get it then I will begin in August, which will mean travelling to Sweden from Georgia. Now on tenterhooks waiting to hear the outcome, and trying not to think about it. I’m never good at being patient!!!
Caroline also expressed her shock at the fact that Moat Housing Association and Brighton and Hove City Council's Social Services Team had reassured George and Diane that they would put their belongings from their old property into storage for them, only for the removal company to destroy all of their possessions, even personal belongings of emotional value, such as pictures of Diane's daughter and letters.
I just HAD to stop at the Graphic 45 booth, now did? Ok, here's a story for ya'. I've been on a decorating spree lately for my house. So off I went to my local HL store to see what they had. One thing I really appreciate about HL is the wide variety of home decor.
Following Nicki and Mary? What did you think of Super 8? Downloaded any books lately? Seen Pirates yet? Only one more day of the Challenge – are you ready? And who do you know is youthful? (Not me – I am really starting to feel my age…)
Next came The Delta Sweete. This took the Ode album on a step - it was a segued, multi-textural album about the south, and maybe her best record. Standouts were Courtyard, a delicately terrifying morality tale of wish fulfillment, and Morning Glory, cheeky and playful, with Bobbie's voice at its breathiest and most sensuous. Dotted around the album were choice covers - quite obvious, but still flavoursome - of Tobacco Road, Parchman Farm, and Louisiana Man. The oak-aged Okolona River Bottom Band had presaged the album as a November '67 single, but only reached 54; Louisiana Man, backed by Courtyard, fared even worse and spent a solitary week at number 100.
In a medium pot, add lentils and cover with water. Stir in tomatoes and tumeric. Bring to a rolling boil and simmer until the lentils are soft and cooked, about 30 minutes.
The shelves, also installed by Dad, hold lots of basket for storage.
Of course, more can always be done to promote Australian authors. Internationally, for example, we should be including writers in events such as the ‘G’DAY LA Australia Week and ‘G’DAY NY Australia Week promotions in America. Authors could also be sponsored to attend literary festivals to promote Australia and their works.
Photo Credit: ART2 CC=nc-nd-flickr.
The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Boys & Girls Club will host the event to help raise funds for the education, sports, recreation, character development and arts programs at the club.
If only she would comprehend how important it is to value the people who surround her.
Hurry up, you have until June 13th to enter!
He added that during his days as a diplomat, it was one of the principal roles of Malaysian diplomats to project the good image of the country.
By now, we all know the story. He woke up Monday morning and just knew in his gut Denver was it. He called the Titans and 49ers first to tell them he wasn’t coming and then he called the Broncos to say he’d like to join their team. We’ve seen the breakdown of the very generous (to both sides) and practical (with respect to the injuries) contract. We’ve seen him stand before the Denver media and explain himself in Peyton Speak no less (if you need anything translated, let me know). But there was one thing that struck me and told me that this was the right decision. He mentioned that he knew there would be a lot of analysis about whether he’d chosen the right team, and his response wasn’t that people should trust him or that this that or the other was the reason why it was the right choice. He simply said that it was now his job to go out and work as hard as he could to MAKE this the right decision. Making that phone call to say he wanted to join the Broncos isn’t the end of the story. It’s just the beginning. He won’t be outworked. He won’t be out prepared. Because remember no one loves his job more than Peyton does. Peyton even got me to like John Elway who, interestingly enough, is funnier than I ever imagined he was. John said at the introductory press conference that his goal was to take what Peyton had already given the NFL and add to it and to make sure Peyton retired as the best QB to ever play the game. Now how on earth could I possibly hate a guy who makes THAT his goal. Denver is excited to have Peyton, and when this whole process started, all I really wanted was for him to go somewhere that appreciated him the way he deserved to be appreciated.
She knows more than you will admit.
Terrible picture, but this is how Hannah insisted on going to Dance Tuesday...all decked out with 3 necklaces, a bracelet, a ring and dangle earrings!! She was so proud as she walked into her class, like she was a beauty queen or something ;)
We are dealing with authorization from the source. And no other band has continued a lucrative career in the extreme music world and made it's stance known to it's own fan base as ACHERON has, before or since Crowley's sociopolitical involvement. If some poprock star is a member of the same church, in general their involvement is kept fairly silent - as not to scare away the fan base. It is not part of the package.
(Mother looks back at the mirror and makes a gesture to Anwaar and Fareda to go away. Anwaar and Fareda exit. Then the lights go out and mother exits.)
A job that actually praises you for having a balanced work/home life.
So let's see....you guys have seen the apple ones, right? So I won't post those again. I did a couple yesterday that I can show you. This one is a "Witches Brew" blend that I goosed with some fresh squeezed oranges, ripened peaches and spiced cranberries. The Witches Brew notes are cinnamon, cedarwood and patchouli. Overall, I'd say it's a little like woods and berries:
somewhat disturbing.
Paradise Cove is possibly one of the best kept secrets in L.A. Hidden away off the PCH (Pacific Coast Highway, for non-locals :)) in Malibu, less than 20 miles west of downtown Santa Monica - Paradise Cove offers a family-owned restaurant and bar ON THE SAND, on their own private beach far away from the unwashed masses and wide-eyed, slow-paced tourists that clog up its more famous neighbors down the coast.
We left on Saturday February 18 for a little pre-birthday adventure into the wildness that is New York. First, we stopped by the very secure, highly private offices of Boingo Wireless (AKA my husbands office) to waste some time before our flight. I got bored quickly and wanted to people watch, so we made that stop a quickie.
I learned to set phone boundaries from being a music teacher in my home. If the phone rings during a music lesson, I don't take the call. Although I am at home, I am working. The student has paid for 30 minutes, and it is my job to be honest and give them that time. I show myself the same respect when I am writing.
And I have my own definition of “befriend” but this isn’t about that. This is about poor confused positive people. They work on something clearly impossible with strong determination, encouraged by irresponsible friends and family members, possibly intoxicated by Glee. If staying positive can make our dreams come true by staying positive, it can be considered a source of energy, and energy converts to another form of energy, and my instant noodles should be cooked by my positivity in just about 3 minutes from now.
Week 2 Sleep: 24 hours (A slight improvement over Week 1, but setting a bad precedent for on/off sleep)
4:00 PM ‘Business Banking Relationship & Services for our Clients’
His father: "Who's there?"
"The functionality of a computer program and the programming language cannot be protected by copyright
Martha & The Muffins Echo Beach CAN
III. II Corinthians 5:14-17 A New Creation
Unless anything changes, this story will swiftly follow the aftermath of the ludicrously named "Arab spring" and the invasion of Libya in the black hole where news stories which didn’t have the politically correct ending the press had hoped for go, and will soon become another of the inconvenient events which the controlled media chooses to forget.
At that point it was the dirty trick to get a fix that annoyed me. I wasn't aware then that Marge was HIV+. He had previously spoken freely of the disease and while admitting his lover had died from AIDS he was always adamant that he hadn't contracted the virus. He didn't seem to care about the stigma of the disease and so I reckoned: Why would he lie? I told myself that that concern was fine, that his crime was being afraid to lose his get-well fix and nothing more.
It is no secret that I enjoy gardening. Getting my hands dirty and watching the seeds turn into seedlings, and then grow into full plants that produce fruits and vegetables, is a very rewarding process.
It’s the year of the Dragon, oh Universe. It’s supposed to be my year. For everything. I’m supposed to be on top of my game, and I was for a while. I professionally choreographed a dance, my idea for my screenplay is a hit, my column is receiving great feedback, I’m in a great favor with my on-campus job, I’m losing weight, I’m cancer-free, I’ve made great new girlfriends, and I’ve had my luck with the guys.
This area would appear to be the one with most risk for Mr Bird. By the end of January 2011 it was revealed that, in fact, the emails had not been lost. The Independent reported http://ind.pn/hSRgAm that the emails were in fact available, and stated that “News International now says Mr Bird unintentionally misled the court, but insists that all the emails sought by the defence were disclosed to it either by the newspaper or the police.”
Rating 63
Sometimes you just never know what is going on, even next door. I guess that is the reasoning behind treating everyone a little kinder than you think they should be treated. You just never know what battle they are fighting.
By my calculations that same woman now hasa full time job (that takes WAY more than the 9-5 a regular old job would have) by taking care of the baby and now does all the laundry, folding and putting away, cooks all the food (he may/may not cleans the dishes), cleans the entire house and bathroom on her own now.
It's a white gel/creme and it dries clear once you rub it in. A tiny amount goes a long way, I barely used any under both eyes.
Of course, another reason for international discrimination against the Falun Gong is that some fear that if they are seen as associating with Falun Gong they might lose business opportunities in China or collaborative programs with the Chinese regime.
Then spring is here."
Prosecutors are stressing their desire to continue investigating the allegations. They say a special deal for the King’s son-in-law is not in the works.
This is all coming together so well that I think--nay--I feel that I must get this shirt for my birthday:
6. Take control of basic parenting situations – it gives children a sense of security. Don’t buy rubbish food, remove all fizzy from the house. Children will eat well if they only have healthy food available – and no alternatives. Be wary of making Owls eat wheat, eggs, dairy fish, etc if they have a natural aversion to them – broccoli, sprouts and zucchini are still fair game – at least have these on the plate and get them to lick the food (it can take 50 or more tastes to add a new food to their repitoire). Have early bedtimes, about 40 minutes before you think they should be asleep. 20 mintues for general mucking around, 10 minutes for story and cuddles, 3 minutes for them to tell you anything they need to tell you and 7 minutes to get to sleep. Our five year old has a 6.30pm bedtime, our nine year old a 7.15pm bedtime. (Three year olds dropping their last sleep are another matter for another blog.) Say No rarely, but mean it. Use “I’ll think about it” if you would usually say no and back-down. Demand the use of manners, and don’t do anything for a child who is rude.
"Ya, because writers get to do that."
I of course knew about Anthony Weiner tweeting about his weiner but I think I just thought 'what a weiner' to put your weiner out there like that.
4 pkg. Knox unflavored gelatin
World Card Making Day was this past Saturday, did you join in? I didn't, I was at my local scrapbooking shop at their 5th anniversary sale. I picked up some Copic markers for $4 a piece about $3 less then retail! That is a pretty good deal, I am told. Because I'm still so new at this, it still seems hard to believe these things are cheap - LOL :)
Councillor Samson reported that there are three things he has been working on: movement of the traffic guard from Creighton and Kemp to the stoplight at Bridlewood; the erection of two flashing signs to indicate the school area and reduced speed (One at Huntingwood and the other at Moss Blvd.); and a traffic round-a-bout at Davidson Blvd or Pirie. The most recent information received with regard to the round-a-bout was that it is going into the 2007 budget, however they must do an Environmental Assessment before they can finalize it. The purpose of constructing a round-about will be to slow traffic flows while maintaining movement on Governor’s Road.
1-7 pm “Americanarama” @ The Basement – it’s always one of our favorite parties of the conference ** Great Bands + Free Beer and hot dogs to the first 100 people **
Eggplant really soaks up oil so I try to use as little as necessary. You could deep-fry these but on the other extreme, you could also bake them. I like the middle road of pan-frying. I make a very fast marinara sauce by cooking up some crushed tomatoes with garlic powder, salt, dried basil, dried oregano, black pepper and a pinch of red chile flakes. It's done in 15 minutes!
Recently my dear hairdresser was burdened with her mothers medical crisis. We picked up a coffee and flowers on route to our appointment. I was really shocked at how down trodden this young woman was. Her beautiful thirty eight year old face was aged, worn and sad. Our appointment was interrupted by many calls pertaining to her moms care. We were only happy to accommodate the pauses considering we could have been cancelled completely.
Whether you're traveling with an infant, carry a large number of passengers seems set to remain as strong as ever, so long as we, as travellers, keep our hunger for travelling as far as possible, for as little as possible. This rise of these budget airlines are not required to use Taxis for local transportation.
So here are the answers from yesterday's..
Legwarmers: Payhalf.
Get down!
from the Latin word "rejoice". Gaudete Sunday anticipates the joy of the Christmas celebration, so its color is a mixture of Advent purple and Christmas white. It may also symbolize the color of early dawn.
I subscribe to receive emails from the universe through www.tut.com. This was my email for today:
The courts make it clear to witnesses that a wilful failure to answer properly will be met with a couple of hours in the cells “to consider one’s position” and if the witness fails to “purge their contempt” then an appearance before the judge at the case’s conclusion for punishment awaits.
1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper
Come take me home again
This week, please welcome Christine Fonseca to the blog. She is the queen of conveying emotion. Her novella, Dies Irae, is both powerful and dynamic. I won't say anymore and just let the week-long interview with Christine speak for her and her works. Since no party is complete without a giveaway, make sure to come back on Friday.
Step 2: Open the tubes of crescent rolls. Wrap each apple slice in one crescent roll. try to pinch the dough together around the apple slice. Place them into a baking dish.
The gulf coast after the oil spill.
Today’s Ladurée—with three proper salons de thé in Paris as well as other locations in posh cities such as London, Tokyo and Monaco—is best known for these sweet and sublime treats. Indeed, walking around the Paris, you’ll notice locals and tourists alike toting the pastel green shopping bags with pride and anticipation. If you’ve never sampled one, book your ticket to Paris tout de suite.
Of course, no one objects to this kind of objectification.
“The thyroid gland will have to be removed,” said Buenos Aires-based cancer specialist Julio Moreno. “The prognosis is very good. The chances of being cured are 90 to 98 percent.”
Grudgingly, one has to acknowledge that there is a small residue of adult behaviour left in The Sunday Telegraph, it having devoted a tiny part of its output today to a subject far more important than the media "self" obsession. And it has the grace to admit that it is far more important.
a beautiful, literary book about writing haiku in the spirit of haiku
"We should've let him go," I might add. "Alpine Rescue could've used his bones as a cautionary tale."
Zymarika Tylihta
How To Create A Great Outdoor Environment
The characters in this novel are complex. While a few of the side characters lack development, the majority of the characters are well developed and believable. You can see the motivations behind the character’s actions, and you can feel the real tragedy of their circumstances.
What types of stories strike your fancy?
I have noticed a bit of a flaw with the Kanban set, the birds don't fit in the cage - you'd have the RSPB onto you if you had two birds in a cage that size! - never mind, it's artistic!
Yeah, not even your mom. You don't 'owe' your parents anything when it comes to having sex, even if they think you do. They may have created that body, but they aren't the ones who are inhabiting it, and they aren't the ones who are going to have to live with whatever choice you make for the rest of their lives. However well they know you, they don't know you any better than yourself. That means they can't make that decision for you. Sure, take into account what they think you should do. Have some respect if they say 'we don't mind you having sex, but please don't do it under our roof'. But they don't have the ability to decide when you're ready or not. Even if they think they do.
year
The interest of passing bees
to other moments and scenes
It's been a while since I let myself get to that raw place and this morning I'm climbing out of it again.
The Environment Assessment prepared for PWCS is an impressive document, but unfortunately we have little faith in it. We have too often seen these types of large projects under-estimating their social and environmental impact and justifying their approval by focusing on the economic benefits of their development.
so, anyone going to play today?
By life rhythm, I'm talking about all the stuff that gives us our spiritual, emotional, and physical balance. All of our lives are either in rhythm OR they are out of rhythm. There are six parts of this rhythm that need to flow together: 1. family/relationships 2. prayer/meditation/time with God 3. work/calling 4. Play/exercise/nutrition (physical). 5. Rest/sleep 6. Free time/margin. God intends for all of these to be blessings but if they are out of sync or rhythm, the results are disastrous. So we all must find that rhythm...which of these is lacking and how can you balance it with the others to find rhythm in your life? I'm working on a new rhythm...hope you're working on yours.
Here is my summary of bests and favorites of the schools we have seen to date:
Even something as simple as an alien invasion of Earth took on an almost "art house" shine when helmed by this man.
My mother is almost 90 now. Frail. Delicate. A tiny sparrow of a woman, my mother still hears larks singing. She still sees the beauty of a red sunset and she still knows the gifts of love. Her life has not been easy. She has lost her husband and her only son, been distanced from two of her granddaughters through the grief that followed. My mother sits quietly now. She no longer fights back. She no longer cries out for me to 'be careful', 'slow down'. She no longer cautions me to be like the others, to stop doing it my way, to quit making waves.
1. I am a new fan of elite level women’s hockey and
And the Lord God said, “The man has now become like one of us, knowing good and evil. He must not be allowed to reach out his hand and take also from the tree of life and eat, and live forever.” So the Lord God banished him from the Garden of Eden to work the ground from which he had been taken. After he drove the man out, he placed on the east side of the Garden of Eden cherubim and a flaming sword flashing back and forth to guard
British politics has got a bit strange. First of all, who on earth is Nick Clegg? Here's who:
Society is afraid of alonedom, like lonely hearts are wasting away in basements, like people must have problems if, after a while, nobody is dating them. but lonely is a freedom that breaths easy and weightless and lonely is healing if you make it.
Money shouldn't always have to dictate form. One can use the same amount of money that as built modern 19c/20c uniformity be it back to backs or new towers , create with a little thoughtfulness and a bit of originality, one can make something culturally meaningful and beautiful
Eyeliner: Dutch Touch – Eyeliner – Nr. 1
Well, it can’t hurt right? Write.
P: Pushy-Yes I can admit that I’m pushy when I really want something!
“Of course,” I replied impatiently, “I’ve been in isolation cells all over the world.” Slowly he swung open the massive door, and I saw the prisoner in that punishment cell: a crucifix, beautifully carved by the inmates – the prisoner Jesus hanging on the cross.
The Ottoman style houses have been preserved and restored. The neighborhood has turned into a tourist area with cafes and chai houses, though many locals still live in the houses, above the businesses.
I want you to always be here
Literature festivals can be enticing smorgasbords. You wander around tasting bits of ideas here, slices of art there. But it is especially interesting when you can sit down to a 3-course, theme-based meal. Sunday's events on offer at the Jewish Book Week literary festival included just that - a 3 session overview of Polish cultural life, as it was, as it is now, and where it might be heading.
Write about your astrological sign.
Advance monies depend on a lot of factors.
NWTC officials plan to expand the program the following school year.
Nov 20 Nottingham Rock City Nottingham, UK
More importantly, the ways we process larger-scale musical events - such as phrase repetition and developments, modulations and unexpected turns - all rely on activity in the same part of the brain we use for decoding syntax in ordinary language. It remains unclear what, if anything, is being communicated, but the old adage that music is a universal language is nonetheless shown to have some grounding in scientific fact.
Crowds of tailors based on Savile Row, protested in front of Westminster City Council, chanting statements like ‘Give three-piece a chance’. The Council who will make the decision on whether or not to allow the retailer to open on the street, stated that the demonstrations would not influence any official decisions made by them.
What's next? Well, I'm officially 100% debt-free, which is, of course, a great feeling. I still have my basic bills like rent, car insurance, etc. but I live very cheaply and well below my means. So now, with no debt to pay off, I have my sights set on maxing out my savings accounts. I have a lot of little savings accounts with very small balances in which I put aside maybe $10 or $20 a month. Now I have to figure out which ones take precedence and I'll try to snowball all of what I was paying for school loans into those accounts, until each one is at a level where I feel comfortable. And then I can go back to the $10-a-month payment.
By the early 90’s, I was married and had a young child. My husband, Gary Golio, and I were reading a lot of picture books. We were also studying T’ai Chi with the children’s book illustrator Ed Young, who often talked about his work and about the world of children’s books. I became more and more intrigued and began to experiment with picture book texts. I joined SCBWI , went to conferences, submitted manuscripts – and got lots of rejections.
I like that they are risky and take chances. This year they did Bach sonatas and a Brandenburg concerto using a piano. Try finding recordings of those. But they sounded great – even if the piano lid stick should have been lower to damper the piano sound which occasionally overwhelmed the others.
then offers it back to fate
door gift - still surfing
Supply requisition records for Company K show that William Washington Knight was was in service in Dalton, Georgia on December 6, 1863. Shortly after that, Knight was furloughed home because of illness. He died of chronic diarrhea at Milltown, GA December 27, 1863.1
Water is one of the best sources of sustaining life. Without enough intake of water in the body, the body will become dehydrated and sickly. People trying to lose fat and drink plenty of water will help the fat to burn quickly. Therefore, it is important that one travel with a bottle of water when away from home. Taking a sip of water every occasionally will definitely help to keep dehydration away.
Hi everyone, just a quick hello and reminder that the Peculiar Playmates Show begins next Saturday, August 7, 2010 at 7 P.M.. I had such an awesome time making these pieces. I hope you all get a chance to view the works if not in person then online at www.bearandbird.com. Here is a tiny sneak peek at what you will see when the show opens. Have a great week!!
And thus I've decided that I myself, am ready for my very own New York City art exhibition, because I do more than just sit in a chair peeing in my dress. I sculpt every day. So do you. And my sculpture is a living one.
What with the 12 noon start and the constant wandering we were flagging by the time the doors were opened to the public at five. We thought that was a good time to call it a day. It wasn't though as were were soon suffering the stifling, crowed commuter train home. We'll just have to stay later next year.
The Diner was quite large, could seat a hundred people and as it was approaching 2pm on a Sunday, not too many people in there, surprisingly. Or not? Perhaps we had been given a bum steer or was the Dixie Diner pumped up too much? Hank and Bobbie-Joe were nervous, but tired. They were here and it was here they would be eating as there were still palpable hours ahead on the road to Dallas. Not too long after that, our food arrived.
I noticed in the Mirror and the Sun the other night (don’t look at me funny, I get paid to read the tabloids sometimes) reports about a six-year-old boy with a huge book deal. Being under deadline, I skimmed the articles and assumed that the real story behind them was something fairly prosaic: a ghostwritten book with a cute kid to front it, the idea of some canny publisher or other.
PSYC 331 - Abnormal Psychology
Charlie freaks out at the magnitude of what she's about to do and Sam has to give her a pep-talk via the head-set about how she needs to kick ass like Hermione (causing Dean to comment, "Way to go, Dumbledore.") It's adorable, but not as good as when Charlie has to flirt with a guard and blanks (due to a combo of nerves and her being a lesbian) and DEAN has to feed her lines, telling Sam, "This NEVER happened." Amid it all was a great tattoo reference--Charlie has a Slave Leia straddling a 20 sided dice that she got while drunk at Comic-Con. Charlie turns up that Dick is expecting a very important delivery (and also that is password is w1nn1ng--ha!). The boys go to the private airport to swap out his delivery, giving us Sam and Dean in goggled bright orange vest doofusness, but Charlie's trapped in the building with Dick. Busted.
Friday, we train to Edinburgh. I am looking forward to seeing that city. I am glad that I will be coming back to Oban. It is a lovely place.
However, spring break week wasn't too bad! It was a bit cold and gray where we were, but we had a good time nonetheless. When we left, there was an extra dog in our backyard. Our own dogs, Baxter and Ellie, weren't sure what to make of the little fella. We named him Carlos, from the movie "The Hangover", which my husband and I had just watched before the dog came to stay a while. My husband ended up having to work the week of spring break, so he stayed home. This turned out to be a good thing, because he was able to put out a sign for the found dog, and Carlos (a.k.a. Buddy) was able to get back to his owners!
But in completing the scheduled work, crews found debris inside one of the basins. In the process of cleaning it up, “several unfavorable conditions were uncovered,” according to a statement from the Parks Department, “including structurally unstable paths and walls that will require extensive technical revision.”
Q: Many readers might hope to get their copies of "Driving Mister Yogi" autographed by the two main characters. Any suggestions?
The purpose of this project is to SEE your loved ones (again). Kelly, like many of us, found herself getting caught up in day to day life and needing some inspiration to rekindle that love she has for her family. I have to say - I've been faced with that very same thing, especially with a new baby in the house.
shot home. But then:
Cindy
Anyway, the end of the bed is my perch when I work on fabric projects, and I like the set up this way, but who knows if it will stay.
Please go visit the new blog, where the first story is now up. Read, reflect, offer support. Share your story if you think it might help you or someone else. Details on how to do so can be found in the right sidebar on the new blog.
Stix 2 dimensional foam pads 3mm
Catalyst Game Labs has done very well with this one.
JunkScience.com recently obtained through the Freedom of Information Act the results of tests conducted on 41 people who were exposed by EPA researchers to high levels of airborne fine particulate matter – soot and dust known as PM2.5.
May 13 - Brgy. Ampayon
The contestants are told to create a well-known dish (I’ll use Prawn Cocktail as an example), it’s up to them whether they modernise it, de-construct it, recreate it in classic form, or add an “ethnic” twist.
Frederick shared with us several quotations during the workshop, including one of my favorites:
and then i will post it on my blog
There is an open house this Sunday, April 29th from 2-5 PM.
One great big shiny bright tunnel ahead. Going to feel amazing.
New bod is what I'd rather own.
Until next time happy bird sewing.
Sometimes though, I just have to buy a book in a shop. I like the excitement, the thrill, the build up of doing so. I like going out on release day and seeing it and knowing it can be MINE. Though sometimes this does backfire, like the time I pre-ordered CoFA from Waterstones, only for them not to have it, and I had to go to the other Waterstones who then had to go find their copies from the back aaand...it was all very traumatic.
But… you’re not writing home.
Given the above arguments, it seems most reasonable to conclude that while Descartes’ arguments are powerful and well reasoned, they are not powerful enough to create the desired degree of doubt.
Okay, get to work. Don't forget when you are finished to store everything in one location for future use. I have one of those large plastic tubs that holds everything. When I finish I put it all back and it goes downstairs on the shelf until I need it again. Yes, I even put a pair of scissors in there. They aren't that expensive any more and you will be glad to have them right where you need them.
The year was 1949, and 25-year-old Marlon Brando — “the brilliant brat,” as LIFE magazine called him following his astonishing work on Broadway in A Streetcar Named Desire — had finally answered the call of Hollywood. He was preparing to film his movie debut in The Men, the wrenching story of a World War II vet coping with rage and insecurity after he’s paralyzed in combat. And while it’s true that L.A. was used to next-big-thing newcomers, it was (and still is) exceedingly rare to chronicle the earliest days in the career of a movie actor of Brando’s intensity, eccentricities and electrifying talent.
02 Catch A Wave
We once had the "Great Debate" between Bahnsen and Stein, but we now have a more recent debate...
Call (512) 482-9002 for showtime
30-something: It needs to show off the good parts and hide and contain, smooth and lift the not so good parts.
And on that note, I’ll finish this ‘rant’. I felt I had to say something. Let’s attack the problem from the angle of the minority who can’t engage in a meaningful dialogue with their kids and who don’t care if they start drinking at ten years old. But leave the rest of us to live our lives productively and quietly and as a community.
“The young man who makes his first entrance into the world of society, should know how to choose his friends, and next how to conduct himself towards them.”
Hello, happy morning, and welcome to The ThINKin' Spot! Today is a very special day, indeed, because we're celebrating the birthday of the very sweet, and talented Angelica Suarez with a birthday blog hop! If you arrived here from the very creative Heather Hoffman's House Built of Cards Blog, then you are hopping along in just the right order, but if you just happened along, then head back to the beginning of this hop at Kathy's blog so that you can start from the very beginning and not miss one wonderful creation along the way! Here's the card I made to celebrate Angelica's birthday, and it will soon be on it's way to her. I know, I know... It'll be late, but better late than never. At least that seems to be the way I roll, lately.
She really put the "fear-of-God" into me by telling me that she felt within 5-6 years I would be a very sick woman if I did not make some big changes.
To date, 32 recipients of the Nobel Prize, primarily in the fields of economics and physics, have been involved or associated with RAND at some point in their career.
After having missed the August 11 Republican debate, I finally had the opportunity to check it out in full yesterday. As a liberal, watching these debates are always rather frustrating and scary, but I feel that as somewhat of a political wonk, it's important to hear and understand (if possible) the perspectives of those on the other side.
It's been a while since I posted a How to Write (Like I do) post. This is the latest chapter I've posted to my on-going tips book CRAFTING YOUR BEST STORY, posted for free at Wattpad. You can find a link to it in my writing and publishing tab.
No, that is up to the court to decide. We have taken steps to notify the court of the need to convene an inquest. So I expect the inquest to start some time within next week.
165×3
The rain drop paper is from Imaginisce with others from my scrap stash. The girl is cut from the Enjoy the Seasons cart.
At the big girls' school parties, I showed up to find Kaitlyn with a head full of bows that I thought had fallen into the abyss somewhere. She finally found them in her desk and stuck them all in her hair! Looks festive to say the least!
Yep. You read that right. I had to go pick up the vaccinations at the pharmacy, keep them in my fridge, and then go back to see her again today so she could stick said needles in me. Lovely. And I paid for two appointments for her to do that. Seriously, if the pharmacy is going to hand the drugs over to me, couldn't I just stick the needles in myself? Because, yes, the needles do come in the package that was given to me. Luckily, my fear of needles will always prevent me from sticking myself with them, but still...
Follow every rainbow,
- Harold Lloyd died 6 years ago;
So now, what are the policies and regulations for the practice of ART, registration and marketing of ART products in African countries, if any, and where can they be located?
When I was in high school, I had a couple of boyfriends. Nice boys who were afraid and confused like me. Nice boys who were able to see past my shit and try to insert themselves into my life despite the Roger Waters-esque WALL I built around myself to keep them out. They kissed me, they gave me tokens of their affection, a few brave ones even told me they loved me…Poor boys. I wanted nothing to do with that. I wanted nothing to do with “needing” and “loving” and “forever”. Oh hell no. Life was too unpredictable and scary to let someone take me from me. No flipping way would I let some boy in and let him have access to me. No way.
To that end, he said, he had instructed all pastors and youth-group leaders to no longer schedule sports games and practices on Sunday mornings, which he said were major diversions.
“What??!!!” I replied.
“No. This is serious. You assaulted a team member. I’m not about to let that slide.”
Dillinger & The Upsetters - Mid-East Rock
Desire, danger, intrigue, and steamy seduction unite a sexy spymaster and an intrepid bluestocking as Stefanie Sloane’s luscious new series continues.
Well, it's 8:30 on a Sunday... beautiful out, sunny, breezy, cold... A perfect late winter New England day.
Secretive. Unpredictable. Because this contradicts the honest/heart-on-sleeve aspect (see below) it seems bizarre that I could possibly be secretive. But I've been able to really surprise people more often than you'd think. I play my hand close to my chest, it seems, without being aware of it.
Ow, he thought. What am I doing outisde? Why am I coverd in glass?
I don’t live out what I say I believe. I fail. We hear “be the change you wish to see in the world,” and then we just go on listening to nice slogans and not changing a thing except reciting the same slogans that aren’t changing a thing.
Family Of Intelligence - Learning From My Brother (Kemet)
Jean-Louis Barrault Les Perles de la Couronne
5. Will the Sebastian Hardie reformation and recording of ‘Blueprint’ lead to further recordings and a full tour (or will we fans have to wait another 36 years?
You can win two prizes, one winner will be chosen at random from the entries and will win a $5 gift certificate to the Phindy's Place Store and one entry will win Card of the Week with the creator also receiving a $5 gift certificate. Don't forget that once a month we will choose an overall winner from the weekly winners and they will be offered a Guest position on the DT - and of course a free image from Phindy's Place to use for that week's challenge!
We must say a big thank you to Kinderland, another community organisation that shares the burden of helping marginalised Indonesian children, for working with us to help make our dream of the Smart Cart come true.
impRRoov the appeeRents uv the citay.
Mysterious keys
Well of course we shall accept that! It is without doubt true. However it does not explain anything at all. When the baby is born, this wiring is not really in place. The neurones are all there and they are getting ready to make the connections. It is quite true that in the case of children with ADHD or dyslexia the wiring is sometimes, although not always, a little different. How did this come to be? Was it a predetermined response to the genetic instructions or was it caused by the first years of life and the lifestyle of the developing infant? Or, which is far more likely, was it a subtle combination of both? Might it be that the newborn baby had a slight inclination in a certain direction, an inclination which the early environment might bring out and allow to flourish?
SLAYER will play the entire “Seasons In The Abyss” album.
I just had to share my devotion from today out of "His Princess Warrior" by Sheri Rose Shepherd
"All games I played while researching The Secret History of Kate Bush, an absurdist experiment to see how far the rock bio could be stretched without snapping. I adopted the persona of a mad professor so obsessed that he traces Kate Bush's genealogy back to the Vikings. And I also stalked the woman, as a phenomenological acting out of that uneasy and twisted boundary between fascination and obsession. Oddly (or perhaps not), the book became the bestselling bio of that singer. But what most struck me was how straight were the readings people made of this text. I still find discussions on the Internet debating whether "I" was "really" obsessed with Kate Bush, as well as allegations I not only had an affair with her, but that while researching her life I ran over her cat.
-Explore the world! Get Hillock's save spot or check out Canthus Castle with the metal slimes that spawn around it.
So before we even get to the actual film, how about the Netflix envelope? This movie is so half-assed and confusing that even the envelope it comes in from a movie rental service is apologizing for it, admitting that it is so stupid that nobody could for even one second find it credible. These are the words, printed verbatim from the outside package, that come with Highlander 2: “This sequel to the cult sci-fi action film largely discards the original’s premise of mysterious immortal swordsmen, revealing Connor McLeod and Juan Sanchez Villa-Lobos Ramirez to be long-lived aliens.”
On April 19th 2012 I attended International trade Seminar at WORLD CHAMER OF COMMERCE at 200 Peachtree. The founder of the Chamber is Solange Warner – an amazingly strong and visionary woman who cares most about standing up against human traffic.
Like so many of our neighbors and friends, Mr. Savage would have us believe that his inability to believe is based in logic. He reasons that the Bible and those who follow it (including his mother) are grossly illogical, thereby blockading the enlightened from believing. But even in his memoir he tips his hand, showing that his unwillingness to believe really lies–as it does with every human being–in self-righteousness. When Mr. Savage entered the gay lifestyle, instead of being worried about hell or concerned with the church’s teaching, he simply assumed they were wrong. The doubts trickled in and then raged from that point. A person’s unwillingness to consider that they are wrong at the deepest, most foundational levels, is what keeps them from trusting Jesus. As Jesus put it, “It’s not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick.”
The crux of the show, however, is not the photographs. For as good as they are, we’ve seen this work before. The centerpiece instead is three mini-stadiums built out of plywood. Two have voyeur holes. One is completely closed.
Or weeding in the garden,
- I say: I’m liking Yoren and his dagger skills. Davon is pretty cool as well.
How to:
Today's card is the next in my series of 4 for the baby boutique I make cards for. This one was REALLY simple to make, but I think it has a big impact. The different patterned papers were cut to 2.5" x 1". I arranged them in a chevron pattern and added the felt letters and bling to the bottom. Way easy!
~ Let not the wind steal dignity ~
So I’ve decided that because of school and busy schedule and all I am not going to regulate when I post. I find that it often leads to more stress and I end up missing the time I said I would post. I will try to post at least once a week, though.
And to you Fathers out there, OBVIOUSLY I'm kidding. We do need Mother's Day.
STO: I saw on your myspace player that "Love Is A Dream" was a song from a demo. Why was it used on this album and not the debut? Are any older songs likely to appear on future albums?
say that they were snotty, they weren’t. Nobody had high-tech security systems; they trusted their
He moved on to saying that he was happy to see the NEA come and happy to see it go. Because Nixon, he generalized, ruined everything by tripling art funding. This was bad because it cut out the dealers and the artists and promoted the institutions. This was the advent of “non commercial art” that can only exist in a museum.
When my mom offered to babysit earlier in the week, he couldn't get onto Open Table fast enough.
I know that Omlette has a giant fear of zombies, and this would be a good exercise for him in case of a zombie apocalypse.
Every marriage relationship goes through a valley now and then. It is during those times that a husband or wife is more vulnerable to compliments or attention from someone of the opposite sex. Be careful! Realize that you’re vulnerable and flee the situation as soon as possible.
You are,
Hulk issues an “Open Fight Night” when an outside comes out to fight, if Hogan and his 3 hand-picked judges like the guy, he will get a TNA contract.
JM: Is there any lasting aesthetic influence of the Children of the Plumed Serpent?
It’s true that the month of Ramadan brings a Muslim much closer to Allah and opens a door to a much simpler and more humble way of life. Many of us enter this month with the intention of strengthening our Imaan and becoming better Muslims yet at the end of Ramadan we once again forget the suffering of our brothers and sisters around the world and indulge heavily in worldly desires.
“Come here, Max and Sparkie – come fetch your new ball! !”
Like you are stripped somewhat of your childlikeness naivete of a loving God at this moment in the gospels.
So that in all things, as is aforesaid, the Unity in Trinity and the Trinity in Unity is to be
Probiotics - I think we all know that they are good for us. Research has shown that probiotics are beneficial and even necessary for good gut health. Just google probiotics and there are tons of articles and studies out showing the importance of them.
In case you have not heard, the new Summer blockbuster will be The Dark Night Rises, Batman film premiering soon. My youngest will not be seeing it, however he still loves Batman. Every so often he looks at me very seriously and says "I'm Batman".
Meanwhile, I have been adding an applied i-cord edging to this throw. It is knitted from scraps of sock yarns from the idea on Mason-Dixon Knitting. I had never tried the i-cord edging before but it made a neat finish. One of those mindless repetitive tasks in which knitting induces a meditative trance.
But her Mum was in heaven, there was no-one to love her
On the other hand you never know when you might find a kindred spirit among a shelf of old books. I have more in common with Edward Thomas than with 90% of my contemporaries . I love his poetry but have a greater affection for some of his prose. 'In Pursuit of Spring' is a wonderful book, as is 'The South Country' - the story of the clerk who spends every summer working on the land expresses perfectly the rootlessness of modern (sub)urban life. Thomas befriended, championed and looked after the poet WH Davies, whose 'Autobiography of a Super-Tramp' I picked up the other day and read mostly in one sitting. Published in 1908 and written in simple, unsentimental prose, it is a frank account of a youth most people would consider misspent. The particular edition I found was from Jonathan Cape's Traveller's Library of the 1930s, and it looks, feels and smells as if a tramp had been carrying it around for a while.
So, because I have half an hour time left, before we eat lunch, I thought, I would like to update here a bit.
HarperTeen
He said she was demanding and rude and wasted time in the middle of a crisis.
right now I’m really excited and am trying hard to sleep so that I don’t have dark eye rings tomorrow. guess I’m getting more and more sleepy as I type this entry on my iPhone. time to rest…
Isn't that beautiful? I wish I'd thought of that. The essence of both "progressives" and the city of San Francisco encapsulated in one simple sentence.
When I were a lad, I did not start in my teens - unlike many of my contemporaries - as I did not have school dinner money to re-appropriate for the habit, as I was a picky blighter who took a packed lunch to school instead. My eating habits have improved since, and I've also smoked the odd tobacco product.
Super work again ladies - you do me proud!
The hair i am wearing is one of the latest releases from Truth. It is rigged mesh and it reminds me SO MUCH of the very first ever hair i bought from Truth 2 years ago so I had to have it! The dress it a new release from Valentina E and it is becoming one of my very fave mesh stores in world! Beautiful!
Ben-Zion Netanyahu was eulogized by many as a great scholar, intellectual and ideologue of unwavering principles. Education Minister Gideon Saar said Ben-Zion Netanyahu was a “Zionist in every fiber of his being” and a man who saw with “clear sobriety the dangers facing our people.”
What was your fourth best memory?
Eric Metaxas, who wrote Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy, gave a speech on February 2 at the National Prayer Breakfast that really points out the difference between real Christianity and go-with-the-flow Christianity:
the lion of the Punjab
Next Steps
With that demand, comes the responsibility that we tell the truth first, in ourselves. Too many of us delegate our responsibility to the media…and too many believe there is no personal responsibility at all.
For the bodice I used the e50-whites. Notice how brown they look? Much more brown than when I colored them above. Its because of the skin being more yellow-orange. It changes the way we see the white. It's the same thing with the socks--they look much more white than the skirt, even though I used the same colors. The skin tone changes how we see the white of the socks.
3. Speaking of doctors, even though I am a doctor myself, I get really nervous whenever I have to be a patient and go see a doctor myself. Like….really nervous. I have this fear that whenever I have something that is bothering me (like my continuous sinus infections), it will turn out to be nothing real and I’ll look like the biggest hypochondriac and/or wimp.
Andrew Lynch
7) ZOMBIE – The Big Guys
14kg Weyermanns Pilsener malt
I would tell Rose what I want and sit still, watching the employees take out trays of food. “Can I have a Pepsi, Rose?” I ask Rose. Rose get up and takes the liberty, herself, to get the Pepsi. I would sip happily through a straw and wait for the bread and butter. As soon as it’s set down, I’m eating a piece of it already.
I don’t have to think.
5 please
The Sword Masters are the main combat force in the list. I plan to keep these guys protected by Glittering Robes and Shield of Saphery. Banner of Eternal Flame for the pesky, regenerating things. (For anybody who saw the list pre-revision, the two units have been merged and they have the Icon to protect against war machines).
Caves. Bungalows. Light houses. Cages. All have made appearances on former episodes, and all would send me into a full-on, can’t-breathe-must-die-now panic attack.
But, the other drugs for autoimmune disorders have worse side effects, and since there isn't anything life threatening going on, my rheumatologist doesn't want to try them. She does however, want to try a drug that is sort of experimental for my condition. It's approved for other things, but not for immune disorders, which means Medi-Cal is going to fight to not pay for it...but if we can convince them that it could be useful I will be going off the prednisone and trying this new drug.
1957: Crowd gathers. Mark wins. Johnny and Mark shake hands and end up buddies.
The layout is of my nephew, Jimmy, on his birthday this past year. I don't get to see them because they are in Florida, but, in less than 24 hours, I will be with them!!!
One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things. ~John Burroughs
GINGRICH: Well look, I think that first of all, you should control the border, which I have pledged to do by January 1, 2014. You should fix legal immigration in terms of visas so people can come and go easily — more easily than doing it illegally. You should also make deportation easier so when you deport people who shouldn’t be here. The 13 gang members, for example. It should be very quick and very clear.
Then I will line up and wait through the torturous moments for the gun to be fired, and then kick into high gear, fighting to find my place in the pack (or away from it), my specific pace and getting a feeling of how my body is doing ; the rest is just pacing and mind games. I’ll walk through the entire route in my mind, imagining each turn and hill and straightaway, and when and where I’ll turn on the juice, hoping that my new Kinvara3s will propel me to greatness.
Sonja:In Acts when he is talking to the jailor…how do you explain those away?
And, if he dies, I'll never know!
The DEIS describes “a largely abandoned-looking area of Brooklyn,” though that doesn’t acknowledge some of the organic redevelopment that had been occurring, but was stalled by the Atlantic Yards announcement and acquisition of property by the developer. It states: "The blighted conditions appear to be limited in large part to the project site itself." That likely will be used by DDDB's lawyer to support the "artificial construct" claim.
Edit: Additional beers as they roll in.
Have a happy Sunday! We are having a wedding shower for my cousin and his fiancee. I spent part of yesterday making a yummy cake for the shower. I used a very easy recipe from Kevin and Amanda. Love their site!
The “Vasaloppet” ski race went ahead today. From the start at the small village of Sälen down to the finish in the town of Mora, 90 km of cross-country skiing on a beautiful winter Sunday. 17.000 people at the start and a Swede was first to cross the finish line. 4 hours of skiing at high-speed. This race is a Swedish tradition from way back. This years race is the 86th in order and there’s no sign of an end for this competition anytime soon. Only thing that can stop it is if the climate change will bring on too warm winters with not enough snow.
300 comments
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until cake has risen to top and is puffed and golden.
There wasn't any thought to make these groups every other month? Or try to adjust it a bit to make it more cost effective? Nope, it is on the chopping block. Has management even thought about attending one of these groups to see what is going on in it? Or talk to parents about what they get out of 2 hours a month?
but whatever. i’m toasting to a good year ahead, seeing as i’m leaving school in less than ten weeks, and i’ll be getting my license at the end of the year (damn freaking right i’m getting it, there’s no what if! because then i’ll have to maybe, say, commit suicide), and hopefully enroll in a good college and start living life :) i’m also toasting to good maggi gorengs and ramly burgers, 7-11s, pavillion and de haven; miniskirts and high heels, all-year-long summer weather, chivas and vodka, sticks and stones, and old and new friends.
Also, something to keep in mind, cyanobacteria (often wrongly called an algae) does the reverse of this and converts gaseous nitrogen back into ammonium or one of the nitrogen species for use by itself and/or plants or true algaes. So if you have a cyano outbreak, all the nitrifying and denitrification bacteria in your tank are just keeping up with the cyano and not doing anything with fish waste, uneaten food, etc.
“12 Angry Men: From TV to The Big Screen” features film scholar Vance Kepley talking about how it went from a teleplay to film. Rather fittingly, he briefly gives the origins of 12 Angry Men and its numerous adaptations over the years. He talks about the challenges of working in live T.V.
This week at Gingersnap Creations during the month of March's focus on family the challenge is Border Punches #GC142. This card is for my daughter, my little sweetie pie who used to wear bunny ears around the house at Easter time when she was little!
Clearly, there are many more jobs that involve some higher degree of risk than there are those that involve little or no risk at all.
*you don't need children to take part!
I drained the water, and refilled with warm water and let them soak a bit more. They are soaking now... I will go check on them in a moment, and then squeeze out the water, and hang them up to dry.
#1 ~ Jet Black Archival Ink
If RFC is “convicted” in relation to this matter, then as this would date back over a number of years, it would be a very difficult decision for the football authorities. It would actually suit them, to be frank, if RFC was in liquidation by then.
In repsonse to Racaire's request for more project postings, I'm sharing my contrinbution to the Estrella Gift Basket.
I've always loved the more eastern influenced Regency looks, like the ones in the movies Immortal Beloved and Vanity Fair, so much more fun than yet another boring white "nightgown" dress, IMHO. So when I decided I wanted to make a new open robe to cover my, um, boring old white "nightgown" dress, I wanted to go exotic. This fabric was originally ordered for a Polonaise but once I got it seemed a little more Regency than Georgian and it also had a much softer hand than I'd anticipated, so Regency it is. The front under vest part is a remnant from my "Water" Victorian fancy dress costume that was in the stash, and the trims are all on-sale trims bought from Jo Anns ages ago. I'm already starting to think of this as my Regency Belly Dance Costume - LOL!
ROMNEY: Well, the reason that there’s not peace between the Palestinians and Israel is because there is — in the leadership of the Palestinian people are Hamas and others who think like Hamas, who have as their intent the elimination of Israel. And whether it’s in school books that teach how to kill Jews, or whether it’s in the political discourse that is spoken either from Fatah or from Hamas, there is a belief that the Jewish people do not have a right to have a Jewish state.
I couldn't help but be in the snowman mood as it is really blustery outside today. No snow...thankfully but the winter feeling is in the air.
In fact the audience was amazing and helped to make it a perfect night out!
Theme: Randomly Picked Soup (vegetarian)
Really? Is forgiveness all about you? What did Jesus say about forgiving people who sin against you?
But I suspect that that is not the real reason at all. The real question is why more don’t seek such training.
Thanks for understanding everyone! AND look out for the BIG reveal!
From the solar systems of the heavens
One of the things to consider is the upgrades or renovations that you may have made to the property. While making improvements to a home can be a good thing, there are some additions that can make or break your property’s resale value.
Soul Clap - Love Light
The streets are filled with smoke, the stench is horrendous. The Government has sent out the national guard, whats left of them any way to burn the infected in hopes of containing the disease. For all we know we’re spreading the disease faster by burning them. The living death they are calling it, a wasting disease that rots you from the inside out. Your organs shut down, your muscles atropine, and your body dies, but your mind, your mind continues to function locking you in the unending agony and mental anguish of death. They say its the only humane way to end their suffering, but I think we’ve lost our humanity. I witnessed one of the burnings, a young woman about nineteen or twenty, withering in agony silently screaming as the flames ate away her flesh. I couldn’t bear it, I still can’t. Even now when I close my eyes I see her face contorted in pain. It took the medical profession months to realize what was happening. I tried to warn them, so we could contain it before it got out of control, no one listened. Now they’ve shut down the hospitals, abandoning people to suffer whether they have the disease or not. The epidemic has reached Europe now, Governments have started closing its boarders. People are hiding in their homes afraid to venture out.
worn
These bigfoot-like animals have the digestive systems of omnivores, but can adapt to a steady diet of beer, pizza and chicken wings, which make up the majority of their diets, during the 5 month football season. Seeing that they are deprived of freshly baked goods, my bait of choice is the Blueberry "boy bait" cake. With a tender, buttery crumb, this cake is 95% effective in catching the football head of your choice.
Reports take between 4 to 6 weeks – I know, it feels like forever but I have to work around my my full-time job! I always update as I go along so clients know what to expect. I give an initial estimation as to when I will start reading, and when I aim to have the report completed. I often have to ask for more time as I go along but the reports take a very long time to assemble. I would rather not rush and deliver something of high standard.
By way of comparison, independent (private practice) midwives value the strong commitment they make to individual women, and very rarely ask another midwife to take over. The 'employment' arrangement is a private one, between the individual woman and her private midwife or midwives.
his life changed completely after that he moved out of his house
Once it is tabled, it has to be approved by the Dewan Negara, which means the session will drag on until next year.
-A series in which I argue that the women’s pictures of the 1930-50s are better in their overall depiction of women versus the modern equivalent (the chick flick). I will compare and contrast a classic women’s picture to a recent chick flick who share similar themes and story arcs to support my point. First up will be Dark Victory (1939) versus Sweet November (2001)
*Joseph started working in Brigham City in June 2011. He worked 2.5 days a week and was looking forward to being busy and buying a practice in our "home town"
Larry Sagers wrote an article called "Vegetable-gardening-101" in the Deseret news that I noticed separates the crops a little differently. This is an excellent article and very helpful to read as well. He is more specific - grouping the items from the leaf and root crop category into hardy and semi-hardy.
into a wounded kiss spurned.
Miracle Fortress – Was I the Wave?
“For behold,” He says, “I and the children whom God hath given Me.”
and he's using me as a test dummy.........
The sentiment is from Magnolia. I love it,
Those two days were really nice, and the gig was awesome. Can't wait for the next one !
Probably not a HUGE surprise why I’m posting this but here’s the latest from Diana Gabaldon and her next release – THE SCOTTISH PRISONER, due out Nov. 29. I might get it because she’s been working on it for so long and it sounds interesting. Plus, it includes a preview from the next OUTLANDER novel. (Not this excerpt — the book!) This is from her blog.
Therefore last saturday was the perfect opportunity, when a dear friend of mine celebrated her birthday/farewell party, as she got a job in Miami (grrrrrrr…!) and had to move away from Amsterdam. And so I dove in the kitchen to make this monstrous chocolate cake. This recipe is surprisingly easy to follow, and has three stages. to make sure my cake was big enough for this occasion, I used 1,5 times the ingredients and used a 28 cm bakepan. and it was big alright! what do you expect with almost a kilo of sugar (or maybe a bit more) and a small mountain of butter… when you’re making it you think “I’m not gonna take a bite of this now that I know how much is actually in it).
Accordingly, the proposed rules state:
“How are you doing, Bertie,” Reginald asked finally. “Are you tired?”
The hurt, the blame!
The first time a student asked me that question, it took me a while to figure out what, exactly, he was asking me. Eventually I realized he was asking me why I, an adult, would read books written for middle grade readers. That was answered easily enough. Middle grade books are fun! At least the middle grade books I like to read are. They have plot. Things happen in them. The characters have amazing adventures.
(wedigboats = we dig boats. Get it?)
House and the team take on the case of a 22-year-old minor league hockey player who collapsed while coughing up blood after a fight on the ice. Meanwhile, House drops a bomb on Wilson, and Chase offers to help Park change her living arrangement in the “Gut Check” episode of HOUSE airing Monday, April 9 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on FOX. (HOU-816) (TV-14 D, L, V)
“Until I can give you something better.”
Fall is here and that means one thing. Cross Country season is upon us. It was a great summer of Track and Field. All of the Gala League meets were televised as well as others, great World Championships in Berlin. Good times, literally. Two Americans, Dathan Ritzenhein (12:56.27 New AR) and Matt Tegenkamp (12:58.56) , broke 13 minutes in the 5000 in the span of one week. 3 Americans (Evan Jager, German Fernandez and Chris Derrick) all no more than 2 years removed from the American High School system ran sub 13:30, all before they are old enough to drink a beer in a bar.
I haven't had any time to play with it so I can't tell you any more than that I received it. I hope to take it up to my Mom's in the next week or two for her to try out.
Here's a pertinent and very telling quote by McCain:
I loved seeing all the different formats people tried
Men by norm have fewer accessories than women. The same is true for both formal and casual wear. So on average, a man can wear a wristwatch, a ring, maybe a bracelet or a necklace (rarely), and a belt buckle. These go well with a typical suit. They look neat and create some sort of balance. Anything more than that can be considered overdressing.
The randomly chosen winner of last weeks prize is:
Let’s cut Tejada some slack though. He’s a young dude who is making probably close to league minimum and has to come in from Panama as well. I’m sure there are other players who are coming in from great lengths, but I’m willing to give him the benefit of the doubt for some reason.
There was a party at the crackhouse. Our other roommate was hosting, so we pretty much just observed its existence. At probably about 2am, we decided to hit the hay. The next day she had an interesting story to tell:
Books and letters from my father.
creep in dawn of delight
On the agenda? A mani/pedi, fresh flowers, a long hot bath and lots and lots of sleep.
Put the egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and whip on medium-high speed, gradually adding the remaining 1/4 cup ( 50 grams ) sugar, until the whites hold stiff peaks.
If you have no idea what I'm talking about, ignore the previous paragraph. If you know exactly what I'm talking about, make fun of me in the comments.
“Fellows,” Don interjected, “you ain’t seen nothing till you’ve seen
But like anything else, there are distinctions between some awful contemporary pieces from the big box chain stores, and the excellent antique or vintage pieces.
What a difference a year makes, especially for a dog! I started blogging just about a year ago, and so far my blog has had 25,000 hits– I figure that for a dog, that’s about 7 years and a million hits. Most humans that come here want to learn more about (a) fracking, (b) symbolic interactionism, or (c) Panic! At the Disco. Sometimes, they just want to see a cute picture of me:
“Tommy! Tommy!”
To get their message of peace for poultry out, The Alliance To End Chickens as Kaporos is going to host not one, not two, but THREE two-hour protest/demonstrations in Brooklyn this year. The group argues their side like this: The use of chickens in Kaporos rituals is cruel and contrary to Jewish teachings. It is not a mitzvah but a custom that originated in the middle ages. Most observers give money to charity which they express symbolically by swinging coins while reciting prayers for mercy and peace. Swinging and slaughtering chickens as Kaporos violates tsa’ar ba’alei chaim, the Jewish mandate not only to avoid needlessly hurting animals, but to show them compassion.
Researchers in St. Louis, Missouri interviewed 4,144 women about birth control methods and found that 45 per cent relied too heavily on their contraceptives to do the job without fail.
191 ***3. Book Review: Robert McDonald, Pillar & Tinderbox: The Greek Press and the Dictatorship (New York, 1983). Journal of Modern Greek Studies, vol. 3, pp. 105-10 (May 1985). (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 508-15 (1992).)
I walk up the muggy street beginning to sun
The First Lady showing up for Darden's announcement is a terrific incentive for other restaurateurs to follow suit and make changes, Nestle said.
So he is in Poland drinking cheap beer, on the strict promise he bring me back my yummy Cherry Vodka, (and it's a helluva lot cheaper in Poland than on that website, let me tell you!) and I am staying home, reading, snoozing, possibly doing some reorganizing and cleaning out, and we both get what we want without having to piss off the other.
The initiative is designed to help targeted areas renovate housing and repopulate neighborhoods with the goal of stabilizing prices and increasing safety. The organizations will pilot the program in Baltimore and Atlanta.
Toby Moses Little Mans
The following pictures are "before" pictures, as in, while the apartment was still empty, before moving day. My goal is to post "after" pictures, one room at a time, as we get everything settled and purchase furniture.
“Our Lady of Blessed Acceleration, don’t fail me now”
To my knowledge, I've now eaten at every Japanese Restaurant in Marin, including those which may just have the Japanese part as a sideline! We do have quite a variety, and I'll have to update the summary for Marin Japanese restaurants soon.
This cheery "Alexis Lamp" is so chunky and simple, I just love it (I really love the yellow one!). Even on "special" the base alone is $99 (drum shade sold separately). I suppose you could find a similar shape lamp at a thrift store, and a can of spray paint, and go to town. Inspiration is good though, no?
Imagine for a moment what it would feel like if people walked into your company and used the lobby to call your competitors and buy their products. That’s standard consumer behavior in a bookstore. People browse, find a book they like, pull out their smart phone, and order online.
I called them the tribe because you always saw the same faces at protests, although they held widely varying views on the nature of their mythic united Ireland.
But, not everyone is content to just sit back and ignore these killings. After all the victims are children. No matter what type of life they are living, they deserve protection from this evil killer. There is an Alienist in the city that wants the killer stopped. His name is Kreizler and he is what today is known as a Psychologist. Kreizler forms a group of friends to try and stop this killer. The group initially consists of Moore who is a New York Times Reporter and Sarah who is a Secretary at the Police Department. The little group eventually expands to include Kreizlers servants and a couple of ex Police Officers. This group will take you into the belly of this dark world and it is sometimes very graphic because when this killer kills a victim, it is very gruesome and even worse because his victims are children.
There is a linkage between U.S. foreign and immigration policy that is detrimental to our interest (check out the connection between the Rockefellers and the American foreign policy establishment through organizations like the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission), the systematic robbery of the American people by Wall Street bankers through the Federal Reserve Bank, and the bankrupting of the federal and state governments. This linkage betrays an agenda that seeks a global concentration of power and wealth. These linkages are public record and are easily verifiable.
If you would like to have a good hearty laugh, please marvel at the imprudent , nonsensical, and inane, staff of PDRM.
A cruise on the largest ship in the world, Allure of the Seas. She was busy..rock climbing, wave surfing, zip lining...shopping, eating, having a beverage or two.
OK...so here I am having my morning cup.
Tomorrow is mystery.
cannibal corpse Milwaikee Metalfest, Milwaukee, WI USA 1992
Thankfully I still have some of that Stella in the fridge. Thank the gods. But I've not used the word piss enough. Piss Piss Piss Piss Piss Piss. Now I'm happy.
"Pool Water Shook in Staten Island"
There’s parts of this whole campy style that still make me cringe, like how everything is labeled. I get that this is done for kids. Or maybe it’s because Batman is forgetful. Whatever the case, it’s pretty hilarious that when the secret panel in Bruce’s study opens to reveal two fireman’s poles that they’re labeled “To the Batcave.” When they bring the Penguin (in a disguise that fools no one) to the Batcave, the Penguin asks for water and Batman points him in the right direction, stating, “The drinking water dispenser is clearly marked.”
Two (2) Panther's Quest pages by Gene Colan from Jungle Action #11
I've been wearing it for a few days and I love it.
Yann - the sailor collar dress in red, white and blue
I went to cheer on someone at the St. Luke's Half Marathon in Allentown, PA today. It was so fun!! I've never been a spectator before. Of course, during the entire race when I wasn't cheering, all I could think was "what am I doing on the sidelines?" That question could really relate to any part of life, you know? Why wait to join in on the fun? DO IT NOW!
The video was filmed by family friend and sheepdog breeder Dan Westman. Entitled “Champis - den vallande kaninen” (‘Champis – the herding rabbit’ in English), it shows five minutes of the bouncing bunny making light work of a small herd of sheep, a skill most likely mimicked from his border collie buddies.
Quinoa is a great, gluten-free grain with a slightly nutty taste that is packed with protein and the only grain that is a perfect protein. Sick of eating rice? There are lots of great dishes you can make with quinoa. Here’s my personal recipe.
Lastly, there is the problem that activism is usually reactive. We assume, because we are ethical, that other people are as well; that they have a conscience and are not wholly dominated by personal selfishness. Then, when they demonstrate that they are so dominated, we have to react. To be effective we must build large-scale movements, and we must anticipate this: we must be proactive, and unpredictable.
3 ways that I have fun while traveling are…
11. Heroes of The yellow Cross
You’ll notice that I didn’t use any names in this review. That’s because, first of all, the war setting makes it unclear whether or not the characters are using their real names, and secondly, part of the enjoyment of this book is figuring out when characters are telling the truth and when they are not. Don’t let that—or my woefully inadequate review—deter you. Read CODE NAME VERITY; I am 99% sure you won’t regret it. Recommended for readers who enjoy historical fiction set in World War II and character-driven novels.
In the mid-1920s, the directors of Hall China began an association with the Jewel Tea Co. to produce an exclusive line of dinnerware. For all the major refrigerator manufacturers, Hall also produced china pieces including pitchers, china boxes for leftovers and butter and cheese dishes.
of his ear,
These two cards above were made for my last Stamp Class at my home, where I showed Mel and Lindy (hi ladies!), how to stamp on vellum (thanks for letting me CASE you Kathy Tannner)...it was a small and intimate class this month after my inaugral one in my new craft space with 8 attendee that time! I think this was better until I can reorganise my space as it now also has a Sofa Bed in it for our guests to stay.
Thank you so much Becky for gifting Sally such a sweet needlebook. I know she will use and enjoy it and be forever reminded that there are very special people out there in the world.
Intent
—May 25, 2006
Don’t ask me what the others are because I’m already wasting too much time blabbing on about this fabulous fantastic movie. But one of them is the chase in the woods from The Piano. There.
When the frost has turned 'em rotten," Sammy said.
Last year when we moved a couple streets over our old Internet provider didn’t service this street; in fact we got trapped as only one company did.. The service was so bad we had an excelorator installed which temporarily made it better, but not long after it plummeted to less then dial up speed!!
The Shabby Girls thank you ALL for sharing your special paper crafting talents with us here in the Tea Room! The talent and inspiration continuously amazes and inspires us all!!! Your talent and creativity makes it nearly impossible to pick winners each week! And now, without further ado, here are the creations that caught my eye this week for capturing the essence of the 'Homegrown Flowers' challenge by creating a project USING HANDMADE FLOWERS:
I really need to take some photos tomorrow morning in good light - I can't believe I haven't posted the delicious projects we made at the Launch last month. My Mother's Day class was also really fun. I'm planning a Big Shot class this month, so watch out for more details about that!
10. Democratise the City of London
My Cousin and I got some interesting tidbits, and I’m hoping to have some of that loaded into the tree sometime in the upcoming week. Most of what we found was connected to our tree, but not directly.
When you run, your primary energy source is muscle glycogen, (the complex sugar molecules that you burn for energy). You can only store a certain amount of glycogen in your muscles which is why runners carbo-load leading up to a race! & since carbs are your primary fuel source it makes a lot of sense that you replenish spent carbohydrate supplies immediately following a long run, ideally within 30minutes of completion.
So where are the really good apps?
Her authentic spiritual state is between her and God, but I’m not seeing biblical fruit here.
And Her Self broke into selves and became the mother-truth-table of all existence.
If you’re still feeling anxious. There are a number of helpful websites and forums that offer advice to owners and pets. Pets and Travel has advice on every type of transport from cars, planes, boats and caravans. The website is also filled with useful case studies of other travellers’ experiences.
Edwin Blumenfeld
Istas AS, Demmler GJ, Dobbins JG, Stewart JA. Surveillance for congenital cytomegalovirus disease: A report from the National Congenital Cytomegalovirus Disease Registry. Clin Infect Dis 1995; 20: 665-670.
How to apply conventional wisdom in unconventional times? It’s not so clear. Which of these two aphorisms is right for companies in this hiring environment “All that glitters is not gold” or “Never look a gift horse in the mouth”? With so many people looking for a job, the temptation to hire a really good, potentially overqualified person is continuously present. But no matter how bright that new star shines in the cosmos of the available – management must not ignore the question of how that star will shine in your specific company’s galaxy. “Do we promote from the inside or hire from the outside?” still remains a difficult question.
So that your No Deposit House has been up for sale for months and you can no more make home loan repayments on your own aged and brand new houses. You’re eager to marketplace like the desire to generate losses. Right now might be time to consider making your personal Bad Credit Home the actual rent-to-own property. Also you have a 100% finance option from the Vendor Finance Home.
and thats the part that burns in my heart and keeps me hanging on
So – Magda and Ilza will look after Mes Amis. The guests are sorted, the dogs are sorted. Off to three or maybe four or maybe five weeks of no routine. Anna’s sister, Hester, volunteered to provide padkos to sustain us through the morning. (padkos = road food or food to be eaten when embarked on a long journey). Hester did us proud.
Interesting that you bring up future novels. Fan fiction readers know I’ve written two companion manuscripts to THE THREE COLONELS. One is a sequel to Persuasion named Persuaded to Sail (formerly The Unexpected Passenger), featuring Captain Frederick Wentworth and his lovely wife, Anne. The other is a Jane Austen/Scarlet Pimpernel crossover entitled The Last Adventure, staring Captain Frederick Tilney. We’ll see if Sourcebooks picks them up.
Mr Oosthuizen was attacked and fired upon at his car-port next to his homestead at about 20h00 Friday. The attackers fled after Oosthuizen fired off a shot and then barricaded himself inside his homestead while alerting the local farm-watch volunteers -- some neighbours arrived on the scene within seven minutes while other farmers organised road-blocks around the farm and launched searches for the attackers. Mfisa was allegedly captured with incriminating materials in a white bakkie, chasing away from the crime-scene at high speed.
Mix lemonade concentrate and powdered sugar.
The sister gnome is made using a 3/4" round ball, and a 1"3/8"hold acorn dowel cap.
I think the hardest question which Augustine completely misses is why do people do hurtful things to each others? We know that we have choices in the way we react…but what is the motivation of selfishness? If we step away from theological conversation, is there at any point a sufficient justification to knowingly hurt someone? Some say yes…but I don’t know. Augustine stresses the importance of choice and free will, but are there real choices that we can honestly say belong to us? What if the one choice we deem belonged to us is immoral? What is the difference between choices possible and possibilities? Although I’ve gained a little more knowledge, I’m still not satisfied. Currently reading the Pali Canon, and Tao Te Ching.
I wonder where my words went.
His wife’s name is Ahalya. One of the meanings of Ahalya is ‘unploughed’. Brahma gave him, his daughter Ahalya which could mean some untilled land on his mountain, the Brahmagiri. This was because only Gauthama with his expertise in irrigation and agriculture, could make something useful of it.
Jenna Chamberland never wanted anything more than to be a wife and mother. That is, until she realized that her life was ending after a three-year battle against breast cancer. Now, all she really wants is more time.
Tokyo’s new, bigger tower…the Tokyo Sky Tree won’t be opened to the public until this May—so it’s not illuminated at night yet (except for the lighting necessary for air safety).
One of my goals, while here in Bali, is to keep a nature journal. I have finally settled into somewhat of a routine – of basic day-to-day living, that is – and now have some time to get back into a creative groove.
AAM: No, they are closer—you would think of the thrones as being with the seraphim and the cherubim.
02 Last Dance (Native Lab, WMF Lounge, Berlin 8.9.2001)
01/04/2012 BUY 0.01 euraud 1.24819
Anyway, all this to say there is so much information out there and all of it is conflicting. I will say if an article has a product to sell you to fix your problem, stay away. It's just a commercial for their product.
“Unless you are initiated by a bona fide spiritual master in the disciplic succession, the mantra that you might have received is without any effect.”
1: SHIRLEY & LEE - Sweethearts
During some runs we saw the cables lying loose between the wing and the hump. Which confirms they are cables and not solid rods, as with the rake mountings. Being cables they could not be for measuring wing position, as not being stiff, they would not be accurate enough. With the size of the nose hump and the other equipment to measure ride height, I now believe they are to control the droop of the front wing. Perhaps the test wing is more flexible than the usual race wing in order to achieve more attitudes under load. Its possible the hump contains hydraulics to adjust the droop of the wing to different attitudes during each run. The 2009 Red Bull used hydraulics in the nose to control the then legal adjustable front wing flap, so it’s a proven approach to fit more hydraulics into the nose cone. Being able to alter wing attitude on the move would greatly improve the amount of data gathered from each run. With there being two cables for each wing, one mounted on the main plane and the second on the flap, the wing could be controlled not only in droop but also the angle of attack. So that the wing could reproduce different beam and torsional stiffness of a future wing.
Did you know there was a right way and a wrong way to pray? Well, evidently there is. I've avoided venting about this because I have been determined to be positive. I hoped that if I kept my thoughts positive this situation would resolve itself. What situation?
YG Entertainment is coming out with a school supplies line with chibi Big Bang.
BB7 – 4.7 million (average)
To take note of the glamour.
He ordered me like a BLT off a menu.
So like those damn Jews in the days of yore who killed Jesus and ruined the ability of some folks to properly express their faith, rain completely fucked with my Sunday.
With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run,
- BBQ’d Pork
Now, I'm an arrogant ass. I want to just say that. Well, I can be. At the time I was. I had seen a lot of martial arts movies and I got the stupid idea to let him hit me. Just to show off a bit. To say to him "Hey, even if you hit me, you can't actually hurt me." There's one small problem though. Can you guess what it was? Yeah, it bloody hurt. He actually busted my lip too. In the end I actually ran off crying. I'm not sure if it actually hurt all that much, or if it was just the shock. It looks so much easier in the movies.
I am very pleased to have a guest Blogger today. Joan Price, author of Naked at Our Age: Talking Out Loud About Senior Sex discusses saying no in a respectful, gentle but clear way. It is a skill we should always be working on and I appreciate Joan sharing her thoughts and experiences on the topic. I believe her advice applies not only to seniors but to all of us regardless of age.
Because they've changed it.
Today, a British soldier from 2nd Battalion, The Mercian Regiment (Worcesters and Foresters), has been killed in an explosion in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
“Umaaray na ang taumbayan, hindi pa ba yun sapat para magpatupad ng price control? When is necessary? Is PNoy waiting for the oil price to reach P100 a liter? It is very clear that PNoy is insensitive to the calls of the people,” said Cherry Orendain Regional spokesperson of Anakbayan.
Himawari Youchien had its door barred. All that showed above the garage-like barricade was the sign, a hand-painted sunflower and simple hiragana labeling the kindergarten. I passed by it every day for ten days on the two mile walk from the train station to my high school. The road wound like a vine down the hillside, and I was always struck by the iconicity of the scene; winding mountain roads in rural Japan are like endless plains are to Nebraska, or urban sprawl to LA. On one side was a small water garden, a pond with an elaborate waterfall and lilies floating like candles for the dead. On the other side squatted a plain white building made of something akin to brick but almost plasticine in its glossiness, and further down the road had to swerve sharply to avoid a small corn field half the size of my American backyard. The steps up to the small door were cracked and lichened; if they were an alcove there would be a thick layer of very unJapanese dust covering them. There was an ancient, rusting padlock on the gate, and the windows were harshly curtained with yellowed linen that might once have been white. The brightly-painted yellow sunflower, its fresh green leaves and succulent-looking stem were a harsh, confounding contrast to the general feeling of abandonment and disuse.
Just occasionally, I look out of my bedroom window at night and see a ferry steaming out to sea, its bright lights reflected in the inky blackness of the English Channel. Sailors have been putting to sea from Newhaven and other Sussex towns for centuries, rowing, sailing or under power; many have failed to return, due to war, weather or shipwreck. But watching these great vessels gliding silently to goodness knows where brings a sense of continuity to an ordinary event. Newhaven has seen better days, but it battles on regardless, like a tramp steamer chugging on in the teeth of a westerly gale. Long may it do so, I say.
FB has eaten the left side of my brain.... not to make lite of all the great prostitute contacts I get in my e-mail everyday from some sort of bug I picked up from my very first FB contact (remember? I wrote about the old flame I found...). The upside being that he gave me a computer bug in my old age and not a vaggie bug in my youth. Life always has it's silver linings.
SCHOOL YEAR _________
9) Don’t Waste Your Life – John Piper
¼ cup soy sauce
BBC Radio 4's Today programme, The Guardian tells us, had an average weekly audience of 7.15 million in the last three months of 2011, proclaiming a great "boost" for the programme (see below).
Love is the reigning factor in your life, and your destiny dictates that you teach the meaning of love to all humanity through your strong sense of justice. In your personal relationships you give strength, comfort, and lasting love or friendship, and you’re always there when needed and wanted. You enjoy beauty, peace, and harmony in your surroundings, especially in your home. Your home and family are your immediate concern and, once you’ve established your brand of happiness there, you extend it elsewhere.
Why I chose this book: Because Patterson's books are quick to read and usually entertaining.
Get a new pair of fabulous, designer shoes each month from Sole Society, which will tailor its suggestions based on your style, tastes, and preferences. This deal gets you half off one pair, which you order after completing a fun, short fashion survey (no obligation to buy monthly).
Please feel free to visit each and every one of them and let them know how excited you are to see what they create for our Stamptacular challenges!
Stone Axe – II
Match 5: Mr. Anderson defeated Bobby Roode by disqualification when after the referee got knocked out and Roode hit Anderson with a beer bottle, the referee counted the pinfall for Roode which led to Hulk Hogan coming out and reversing the decsion.
And that is where my authentic trust for my kids comes in. I trust my daughters to make their own choices and to handle what comes. I also trust them to ask for help if they need it.
The children's book Everyone Poops, which documents the pooping styles and sizes of a range of animals and a little boy, did not get the greatest critical reception. Publishers Weekly said: "Okay, so everyone does it–does everyone have to talk about it? True, kids... may find it riveting, but their parents may not want to read to them about it... Call it what you will, by euphemism or by expletive, poop by any name seems an unsuitable picture book subject." Don't ask, don't tell seems to be the dominant ideology when it comes to poop. According to one grateful reader, the book helped her child "realize that pooping was normal," which is great, but it also suggests that the default belief is that pooping is somehow abnormal and shameful.
I started with my Ultimate Direction pack which holds 100 oz of water. Plus a 32-ounce bottle in the pack and my two handheld water bottles. When I’m in a situation like this I always drink my pack first, then the bottle in the pack, and head back when I’ve got only the two handhelds left. That way I know exactly how much water I have left – I’m not spending time trying to judge whether my pack is ½ or ¼ full.
Exsoteric: Which highstreet brands do you hold in high esteem and which are translating key trends most successfully?
and slowly but surely i was up to running 5k
Get free exclusive products with a qualifying workshop!
This month I was paired up with Leah, who doesn’t currently have a blog but is thinking of starting one soon with a friend. She asked me about my likes/ dislikes and what I’d like to receive. I told her I would really love desk friendly, healthy snacks, and oh boy, did the girl ever deliver!
Enjoy tomorrow and share a smile .
On our farm, we wait until April. (There are many reasons people calve at particular times of the year–I won’t go into those here). Newborn calves need to get an eartag (so we can keep records on them throughout their life) and get weighed. We do this out in the pasture with the momma cow standing right in front of us. This can be a bit nerve-wracking. We pride our cowherd on gentle dispositions, but even a very tame cow is (and should be) concerned when you are messing with her baby. Having a 1400 pound momma standing with her nose near the calf while you check it over ensures very gentle treatment of that little critter.
Pros for being a part of a tradition:
6. Travel around the world. I’d probably do that anyway. But I’d go to different place if I was hippy. Like Ecuador. And Swaziland. And Tibet. I might not travel though. Just chill in Nimbin with my hippy peeps. Doing hippy things. Maybe go to Belligen or Byron Bay. If you’re a foreigner you won’t know what I’m talking about. But that’s OK. You’ve probably got a moustache, a fez and look suspicious. All foreigners are like this. Don’t be offended.
Marge handed out the needle and then paused. He withdrew it. I had been waiting for it... this is how I knew it would go down. I somehow knew that needle was never intended for me to hold (and inspect). “Look, roll your shirt up,” said Marge, “ I'll show you how quick and easy it is!”
This has always been the strategy of the Tories give Billions away overseas of tax payers,aged pensioners money and allowances ect.In the hope that,overseas countries will buy from British manufactureing companies,so the Tory owners give big donations to the Tory Party.
Once again, the Picture It Plus fabric was an absolute joy to stitch on, though the dark color did make it slightly more difficult. However, the fabric is just lovely and the color is gorgeous. If you have the opportunity to pick up some Picture It Plus fabric, I definitely recommend it.
Get them nice and golden brown. That's about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the oil (one syllable, remember) with a slotted spoon or frying spoon. Set on a paper towel to cool slightly.
It's got a thermal lens so it it will rarely fog under normal conditions.
Ummm 4th of July weekend was horrible. People in our neighborhood were lighting off fireworks until 2-3 am. Between Kyle and our rottweiler, I wasn't sure who I wanted to hurt more. They both jumped with EVERY SINGLE noise and were on edge for the entire week. Our rottweiler is just now able to go outside without freaking out. I hate that 4th of July/Independence Day should be a day to celebrate the things he has done for his country, but it ends of being a nightmare due to his PTSD. I actually got him to stand in our backyard for about 10 minutes to watch the fireworks that the state trooper was lighting off. Our block is one of those big squares that has everyone's backyards meet up in the middle...no alley way. The state trooper lives on the opposite side of the square from us. He lit them off in front of his house and gave me a great view! At least I got to see some of them.
“Your dress”
I do not give money to people out on the streets.
I'll leave you with these thoughts from the "simple" farm girl Ugla as she prepares to leave home:When the peace of Autumn has become poetic instead of being taken for granted...the last day of the plover become a matter of personal regret...the horse become associated with the history of art and mythology...the evening ice-film on the farm stream become reminiscent of crystal...and the smoke from the chimney become a message to us from those who discovered fire - then the time has come to say goodbye. The world-bacterium has overcome you, the countryside has turned into literature, poetry and art; and you no longer belong there.
Sometimes I think that it’s not a matter of opinion that matters (hehe), but rather respecting each other’s opinions. Thank God for subjects in schools like thinking skills and history where you are required to decide for yourself how the events really took place or what actually happened. The only sad thing is that not everyone takes those subjects and critical thinking is not an integral part of education as a whole. At the end of the day it is important to take very seriously-relating to anything-the question, “What do you think? ” Whether you’re in the role of judging someone or something, or forming an opinion on an outfit, food, places to go (including vacation trips), or making small and big decisions about anything. I believe this is where it all really starts when you think about it. The more you practice critical thinking with small things, the easier it is to do the same with more serious things such as relationships, properties, businesses and so on.
I feel refreshed... renewed... reopened... and ready to take 2011 on...
“You’re all alone?” the lieutenant glanced around the tent.
She "knows" my hair! She knows where the cowlicks are; she knows how it lays here and there; she understands when I describe something new I want to do.....she just "knows".....
Paper - PTI Hawaiian shores and Yellow CS, GKD White and Green Apple CS, PTI Raspberry Fizz Patterned Paper
And the reason why such a case is not currently being robustly made is, I think, partly due to the success of the case that is being made.
Let us observe, understand and accept them as they are.
One day I will post pictures of my extended home where I can shut myself away in my kitchen rather than stand in a kitchen space of 2 square metres where everyone can bother me.
Alas, my story has run away from me once more, or is at best barely on the leash. My feet are frozen with the change of weather, and it seems an excellent time for me to sleep for a while. Next time, I swear, I will come to the particular point I started with, but I've no regrets leading you down this path. Some people deserve more public recognition than is often given to a man with a crazy job like a comparative philologist and war hero, and no-one can stop me!
SO, “LOOSE” ISN’T A BAD THING WHEN IT LEADS TO BEING FREE FROM THE PRISON OF THE SELFISH CHOICES OF OUR PREVIOUSLY ROTTING AND STINKING LIVES!!!
Now comes the hard part....
Yea my title has abso-freakin-LUTLEY nothin to do with my post but wtf ever it's hilarious and it makes me think of the guy on SNL that does Sean Connery and that right there is hilarious...
Along the narrow carpet ride,
Let’s be clear here. I genuinely do not know what they do teach at Bar school. Some law stuff and a bit of advocacy I guess. I’ve never really known much more than this and I’m not sure if it’s relevant to my day-to-day business of managing and promoting a set of chambers. If it is, well, too late …
Happily engaged for just over a month. In a relationship for almost a year (just before Chicago, actually)!
Bon Appetit!!!!
Length of the Crusade
there is talk of cancer.
With the feed-in tariffs established in 1991 by the Electricity Feed-in Law, that makes it just over twenty years for the madness to work its way through the system, and now that the generators are embracing coal in a big way, it looks as if the greenie spell is being broken.
The kids and I often feeling like we were in trouble, never knowing if he loved us that day.
So anyhoo, the recipe is a keeper cos I'm sure those chocolate lovers out there would fall for it and if not a chocolate lover, then it would at least grab the attention of the photographer in you. Either ways, its easy to make and is perfect to gift for Christmas or serve for kids' parties. I don't intend to do either, but decided to keep the recipe, just in case I became a convert!
Staff at Research Center for Prediction of Earthquakes & Volcanic Eruptions, Graduate School of Science, Tohoku University are strongly advised to focus on probability of the next major earthquake in China.
Both George Sr. and George Jr. employed other forms of psychological manipulation and domination in an effort to maintain their control over the prostituted victims. For example, they branded victims with tattoos depicting their street names, and at least one of the women was tattooed with a bar code as well. George Sr. and George Jr. are alleged to have psychologically abused their victims, by first demeaning them and later appearing to reward them with offers of love and affection.
My duvet cover is an orange and white geometric pattern from WalMart, but I also have an orange and white Greek Key duvet cover from Z Gallerie that would work in the room.
To grunt and sweat under a weary life,
It’s no coincidence that a fat cat like Bloomberg would preside over brutally suppressing a Wall Street protest. It’s also predictable that there has been a media blackout on these protests. The same people being protested own the so called mainstream media.
We arrive at the Roebuck from Richmond Park, hot and very thirsty. It's early evening and a smell of gravy laden Sunday lunches hits the nostrils as we enter. The interior is reassuringly unspectacular. It's a solid pub and has been since the 1700s, the smell confirming it hasn't been gastroed, which is surprising in these parts.
-charcoal
Last weekend we put up our Christmas tree. This was sooooooo exciting because it was a week earlier than Matt let me do it last year (I think he has turned soft now that Elle's around). Matt put the tree up while I did other decorating and then we decorated the tree together. Elle thought it was so much fun and loved the lights and sparkle. She is really thinkening up (as you can tell from the pictures) which makes her especially cute in her Santa hat. While the tree is bare underneath in the pictures we have since changed that adding two gifts for me, and one for Elle and Matt.
I must say, it looks really nice.
I also have been thinking about rewards, ways to reward myself for reaching milestones like 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks etc. Only crappy part is money is tight so it can't be related with money. And damn sure not with food LOL So if you guys can think of things let me know. Thought about little things like giving myself a pedicure, painting my nails, asking my husband if he will reward me with things like making dinner for me or giving me a massage or a lap dance. HA HA on the lap dance part.
I won Bookends on eBay as a college graduation present for myself in 2002, after it kept failing to show up at any of the local record stores. Magical Mystery Tour, the only repackaging Capitol Records got right, was $2 and marked as-is because it has a skip on “I Am the Walrus.” It feels weird to hear the song on the radio and not hear that skip in that place. The album on its side is Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn, & Jones Ltd., my favorite Monkees’ album in a pinch.
Last weekend we took a trip to visit my grandmother, who I haven't seen in a year. We also got to visit with my aunt and cousin, who I haven't seen in almost 4 years, and I met my newest baby cousin Mary Rose for the first time. Saturday night we stayed with Jim's brother and sister-in-law. They sent us home with piles of produce from their garden on Sunday and I made this salad as soon as we got home.
1 whole
I was on a roll, and my fatherly monologue was going swimmingly until Tobin interrupted and said, “But dad, I only punched him because he stole my Bible!”
So I have been sort of interested in permaculture for a while and reading bits and pieces but now that we have our blank canvas to create I figured it was time to really come to grips with it. Unfortunately while there are a million and one courses out there you have to be a millionaire to attend any of them.
As for the “ex-gay” claim that ex-gay therapy works and that sexual orientation can successfully be changed, studies now confirm that after many years in a mixed orientation marriage, the same-sex oriented spouse is still same-sex oriented (see ‘Characteristics of Mixed Orientation Couples’ recently published in Edification, a journal from the evangelical Society for Christian Psychology).
and it always gets me into trouble with people,
As I said, I have supper going in the crockpot. I'm making one of Michael's favorite meals: Crockpot Cheeseburgers with Sweet Potato Fries.
With friends, I arrived at Masjid Negara at about 11.30am on Saturday. The barricades were placed about 200 metres from the masjid (and, thus, about 600 metres from the Dataran). Speeches were given by politicians, which could not be heard. We stayed outside the masjid until about 1.45pm when the procession to Dataran started. Thousands of people thronged the streets. It was joyful, with a carnival or picnic atmosphere. Slogans were chanted, and the camaraderie among the marchers was fantastic. People of all walks of life were present. Malaysians, irrespective of race, religion, colour, class, gender and age, were amply represented. It was a microcosm of the general population.
As soon as I knew what I was making I went right to work to find the right recipe. To be quite honest while I was making the cake I got scared when I dumped all of the food coloring in the batter. It was bright red. I was worried. Once the cake was out of the oven it became more of a dark red and less scary. I didn’t get the chance to try the cake out during the party but I was told that it had flavor and was very dense.
I could make, I will not make them,
The film was explicitly written as a vehicle for the star. After Magnolia bombed, Anderson had a falling out with New Line, who had produced both that film and Boogie Nights while giving him unprecedented freedom. Anderson was able to do PDL because Sandler had a lucrative production deal with Revolution Studios—who let Anderson do what he wanted as long as Sandler was in it. In a way, he was a kind of “hired” hand with the movie—literally brought in by Revolution to shepherd an “Adam Sandler film.” Its the closest that Anderson came to being an old-fashioned Hollywood studio auteur—the kind of filmmaker who works within the pre-existing genre confines and expectations of something like Sandler’s frat-boy mode of comedy.
One odd thing became apparent in that interesting week; the average age of the Facebook campaigners was a lot older than you might think. Whilst the critical voices on the wall and on the rival Joe site spoke in SMS txtspk and looked pre-pubertal, the Rage site spanned every generation. In a bizarre rôle reversal an older generation was encouraging the young to stop listening to schmaltzy covers and turn on to some angry hard-core metal rap. Whatever is the world coming to?
Following on from my last post, here are six lessons on business and sustainable water engagement I've gleaned (do like that word) from some corporate interviews and meetings with leading companies, enjoy:
And whatever your plans lovely readers; I hope that your weekend is just as blissful as mine will hopefully be!
At the young age of six, I was whisked away, along with my eight-year-old sister to start a new life in Albuquerque with my dad. Dad didn't want the divorce and he was gonna be damned if my mom was going to take away his daughters.
He also jumped on the table while Mr. G. ate a roasted chicken leg and with the speed of a flash catched it with his paw and wanted to escape. Mr. G. just had time to safe his supper ! Of course Arthur got some pieces.
2 hours. Came, saw, got in and out. My kind of Black Friday.
- Comments will be closed on Friday Nov. 4th 9pm PST
Please help me find my way
Cultural Colour Symbolisms of the Category:
MJN
Thank you so much for stopping by the X-Press It blog, I hope I have inspired you to create something wonderful...we would love to see them!!
is the most Eco-Friendly method in most cases.
The decor varied in the different parts of the restaurant. We were sat in an area where powder pink couches lined the room, and there were mirrors, glass lampshades and lime waxed wood fixtures. All that was missing from this French boudoir scheme was a white toy poodle. I loved it and would like to imagine that if Marie Antoinette were alive today, her salons and boudoirs might look a little like this too. Other parts of the restaurant are decorated more conservatively, so maybe sit there if you are eating out with the lads.
Well, damn. But I changed the flight, I argued. I mean, I should get kudos for that (y’all know I like a good relationship kudo lol)… the old D-Magic would have completely stood her ground; and that’s not a hypothetical. I’ve been asked a few times to stay longer when visiting a guy and decided to stick to my original plans. To which P Dawg so eloquently pointed out to me, “and how has that worked out for you?”
How the hell I was able to watch this under my parent's radar is beyond me because if any movie gives off sonic and visual alarm bells of "oh shit don't let your kid watch this", it's hellraiser. The movie has so many gruesome scenes that I can't begin to choose one over another... but the whole rat filetting thing probably ranks pretty high in the food chain.
-my $300 leftover (after bills) for this month slowly dwindling away
justification and has been detained already far too long.
An interesting concept: a man in the present telepathically communicates with a newspaper reporter forty years before and – working together – they are able to stop a killer who likewise is able to transcend time and place. Time travel with a twist. I enjoyed it.
“Risks are taken when men envisage purpose, desire achievement, act with courage.
When ready to cook the gnocchi, bring a large pot of water to boil with 2 tbsp kosher salt. Carefully add the gnocchi in batches of 25 pieces. The gnocchi are ready to remove when they float to the top. Remove with a slotted spoon and place in the sage cream sauce and stir. Continue until all the gnocchi are cooked and well blended in the sage cream sauce. Serve immediately.
I won’t let you fall,
Ranking Devon - Pass The Chalice In A Circle
My mom instinct kicked in and I was on full alert. After all my son should have been on the bus.
‘Labourian Line’!
Instant Abstract expressionism. It was so fun and I was an instant star! But the weird thing was that there were other male students taking things very seriously. I didn't know about completion or anything. But I liked what I was doing. It was fun. I put my art in some galleries and then I was invited to a show at a professional art benefit show. I just went with the flow. Enjoying my fame.
Life getting to you? Take a walk. It could literally save your life.
When I got home from this something AWESOME happened but that is it's own post for another day this week.
At the Hours the Paschaltide Doxology is sung with all the Office hymns, the antiphons of Lauds are sung with the Dominical psalms in the usual order. At Prime the festal psalms are sung (Ps. 53, 118i & 118ii), the Dominical preces are omitted and the short lesson is Humiliavit semetipsum.
But on the internet, there is never any winner. You cannot win against internet bullies. You’re never going to convince them that they should either leave you alone or like you. By sticking it out through the hatred and the threats, you may feel you’ve won by not giving up. You may show the world, or the readers of Rolling Stone Magazine, but you haven’t won. The bullies are still looking up your address; they’re still fantasizing about your humiliation or death. You’ll never show them. In fact, the closest you could probably come to winning this “game” is by stopping to play. The internet sucks you in; it seems like the entire world, when, really, it’s an alternate world. It will survive without you, and you will survive without it. Only by stepping back (for more than three weeks) will someone embroiled in true internet fame and drama be able to appropriate it a correct amount of importance. It is impossible to see while you are in it. I imagine doubly so for a teenager.
Huh u were so caring,
What I did not mention in this story is the larger issue of theft. Effectively there was none, for the same reasons the renter of the car was unconcerned about details of who I was. If everyone knows everyone in a small island, stealing will be difficult to accomplish without getting caught. If I steal your TV, how will I keep it a secret without living a cloistered life? Word travels like wildfire and learn of the theft immediately, all eyes will be on the lookout, and invariably, someone will learn of its new home.
When did this happen? When did I let go of the healthy, fitness crazed person I was?
Last but not least, here is an example of using placemats as art. All these by Finn Style need is a frame!
But we couldn't be more thrilled!
· A wagon factory to be set up at Sitapali (Ganjam District of Odisha)
More mattress sliding ensued after that,
Proper camera equipment play key role for those who consider photography as their hobby. Make sure you bought a branded and high-efficient camera that come built in with many other additional camera equipments. High-efficient camera features give an outstanding look to your photographs. These camera equipments come with alluring features including more capacity to store images, high display, auto-play back, wireless network, Menu language and long running battery power.
It takes about 3 days by train to get to Hong Kong. Everyone dreams about going to the Temple. We have around 4 temple groups every year and there are about 20-30 people in one group.
I didn’t walk further than the corner to catch the sunset.
Urg.
It is this knowledge that makes me rise before the sun
For these, I don’t mind throwing those coins for a toss.
The actress told Assignment X that River's unveiling as Amy Pond's daughter Melody will have some "weird" consequences.
I think the locals have developed a sort of immunity as they do seem particularly attracted to holidaymakers and are found more frequently at tourist destinations.
"I'm not on the menu." She jammed the blade up under the monster's chin and out the top of its head. No more came forth as it sank into a black mass onto the floor.
“To some extent, the rise of the eastern powers, China and India, will ensure in coming decades that western guilt will shrivel: finally having equal powers to compare ourselves to, the West will no longer feel inclined to indulge in self-loathing, but will seek to reaffirm its sense of identity. (…) in the long-run of history, political correctness will be seen as an aberration in Western thought. The product of the uniquely unchallenged position of the West and its unrivalled affluence, the comparative decline of the West compared to the East is likely to spell the demise of political correctness.”
The ideal time to max out would have been at 9am when good overnight strength showed a mild pullback
* Take a veggie peeler and shave long strips of jumbo asparagus. You can soak them in cold water for five minutes and then drain. They make a surprisingly nice salad addition.
Jay Boothroyd has had his loan at Stoke from Wolves extended until the end of the season. Slightly surprising seeing as Wolves are still very much in with a chance of the play-offs but welcome nonetheless, especially as Shola Ameobi looks crocked for at least a couple of weeks. Captain Andy Griffin looks set to miss the rest of the season due to a hamstring injury so expect Ryan Shawcross to start on Saturday against Bristol City.
As we were wandering around (after spending lunch at Plum Valley again - once I like something I'm probably the most loyal customer you can find), we spent some time at Trafalgar Square (how I love letting out the tourist in myself) before we experienced some really bad service at Harvey Nichols' 5th floor cafe. I usually never go there (except for my YO!sushis) but since they have that nice terrace with a small but quite lovely view, we gave it a try. And failed. Something I absolutely hate about some parts of London's gastronomy? The arrogance of some staff. How is it possible to treat us, the people being served and obviously leaving a fair amount of money, in a way which is simply unacceptable?! I've been waiting for my (delicious) cocktail for like 30 minutes without complaining but as I was sitting there and seeing that nothing is really going on besides the growth of my thirst, I was THAT close to speak some clearer words (DUH! dangerous!). It was not only the fact that we were waiting... it was also the way ignorance and arrogance accomplished our very kind way of reminding that we've been ordering something a while ago. Luckily (for them), the calmer part of myself (being the person on my side) did so and OH WONDER cocktails and the rest arrived within two ridiculous minutes with a huge Sorry. Here we go. Yeah, me too. Yeah, as if kissing up to us for the rest of the stay would have helped. I'm completely fine with the extra service charge as I think it's absolutely fair to leave a decent amount of money to the service you experience but the moment I see how staff changes from super nice to ignoring us little kids (because that's what we obviously are) to super super super nice the second you remind them of their job is kind of frustrating. I have a deep respect for this kind of job as it brings a lot of power, concentration and kindness (!) with it but it's somehow interesting how they forget about the fact WHERE they work and WHAT they are required to do once they figure out that you might be just a dumb little tourist... or a little kid who took some money out of daddy's pocket (and none of these two descriptions are actually appropriate to you).
The combination of Gray’s dark story, with the equally dark artwork supplied by Ros, results in a naval adventure par excellence. Right up until the end, you have no idea how the tale will play out for the gallant Royal Naval heroes who have not exactly seen eye-to-eye throughout.
Nobody is kissing,
and we know that fashion and performance can go hand-in-hand.
8 - Rex Griffin - The Last Letter - 3:05
“The truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt.”
Somebody to Love – Glee Soundtrack
6) Never hesitate to confess your love, who knows you doing that in that timing to that person might save his life. The people who love us are that thin thread hanging us to life.
On Monday morning Steph came down with a really bad cough. I ended up giving her steroids at home (she has a long history of croup) and I rushed her down to our GP who gave her adrenaline as well. He sent us home with two more doses of adrenaline and told me to continue on giving her the steroids for three more days. I do wonder when she will grow out of croup. Just last week I commented to Steph that I thought perhaps she had finally grown out of it because she hadn't had it for so long! Boy was I wrong. She will be nine in August, we were told she would grow out of it by the age of six.
A warm spring is ushering us into a hot summer. I sit on the deck in the morning, throwing a ball for the dog and occasionally slip off my shoes to find my way to the grass where the earth seeps into the bottoms of my feet and reminds me that in many ways I am a still free and wild like the barefoot little girl that I once knew.
The Tone Argument
What this entry is really about is why I think it’s totally cool that my son wants a pink Trunki for Christmas and how I wish he would always ask for sweet pink things for Christmas. Well, for as long as he wants to anyway.
If pressed again, some Muslims may be persuaded to admit that there was a problem with home-grown Islamoterrorism before 2001. But then they often shift their ground. Instead of blaming everything on Iraq, or Afghanistan, they now focus on the ‘legitimate grievances’ of Muslims both here in the UK and elsewhere. Thus the emphasis no longer is on the Iraq war or Afghanistan, but on the ‘legitimate concerns’ of Muslims on many - or any - issue(s).
Any article about the site evictions or another Gypsy-related matter prompts screeds of venomous and ignorant comments, the unbelievable flavour of which can also be seen if you follow the #dalefarm discussions on twitter. For some reason, there remains today an extreme fear of and hatred towards travelling people. This is not just the domain of right-wing governments in Italy and Eastern Europe, this is a widespread attitude of many many people in this country now.
I've been contacted a few times by companies to review products or to accept a free gift if I'm willing to run a giveaway on my blog. I've always been really torn by these offers. I'm thrifty so some free cleaning products would be awesome, but in the end, I felt like if I was going to be willing to do this I wanted it to be something I really believed in. Not just because it was free.
According to Pua, the onus was on the government to ensure that APs were put on open tender so that only genuine and qualified business operators would secure the licences to import cars, instead of “middlemen seeking instant profits.”
*Cheeseburgers
I love making calendars. It's a great gift and if you want to make many of them for Christmas gifts, you need to get started soon. I love the 8 x 8 calendars. They are just the right size for me.
Rudolph's Revenge is one of those Christmas beers that I end up re-visiting each year among a heap load of other readily available seasonals. The bright labelling, its ruby red hue, bready, yeasty malt-driven aroma and zippy forest fruit notes all bring back memories of many a Christmas past (more specifically knocking it back in a half drunken state whilst trying several other beers at Boxing Day parties).
A cracked glaze on a broken pot
Mandarins was a substantial story collection by Akutagawa Ryūnosuke (1892-1927), the Japanese grandmaster of short fiction. It showed that his sublime style did not end with "Rashōmon" and "In a Grove", the pair of signature stories that formed the basis of Kurosawa Akira's signature film. Even with the absence of these two famous stories, the fifteen stories comprising this collection had elegantly defined what 'rashomonesque' was all about.
Here is the card in full:
been denied all visitations with his natural parents, even though
And this summer, we’ll get to see just that when Captain America, Thor, Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Hawkeye and Black Widow form The Avengers on the big screen!
whether it is dating
Weihenstephan, founded 1040 AD is the oldest established brewery and have created an amazing benchmark of the Hefeweizen style. To break it down, Hefe- yeast and Weizen- wheat, typically referes to an unfiltered wheat ale that has yeast added for natural, bottle-conditioning. If you enjoyed the Weihenstephaner please try the “Holy Grail” for Hefeweizen from Austin’s Live Oak brewery. They do not bottle but you can find the beer on tap at a few different bars in Houston, Austin, and around Texas (not yet Beaumont).
To me, cummings is the prime example of all that is complete and whole. His poems vary in tone from delicate and affectionate to playful and even crass. He's what a true artist should be - contemplative and serious about his art, but happy to just have fun with it, to continue to explore and experiment. He's both an expert and a willing student, an icon as well as a jokester. That is so inspiring.
last week "JeanfromCornwall" rightly said, "Don't knock them". I won't. We had quite a few of them. They were part of my pre-school life. We had them at home, at kindergarten and at Sunday School. We found them in the homes of other children too. We still have some.
I loved the craft center, but they didn't really do pottery while we were there.
5. Remove the dough from the bowl, punch it down and roll it out onto baking trays covered with baking paper onto which you spread olive oil and some cornmeal (if you don’t have, then you can just use flour instead, but the cornmeal gives it an authentic feel). Cover and let rise for about 15 minutes.
Cause I, I must be sleeping
Snap shots are one of most rewarding and irritating events in photography. Allow me to explain.
It is exactly this chaos that served as justification of the recent legislation redefining domestic extremists. The financial looting of America and other sovereign nations by the big banks, politicians and crony capitalists is beginning to unravel. When the curtain is pulled back and the true perpetrators are exposed, there will be rampant chaos in the streets of America. The politicians, bankers, Federal Reserve, and other individuals of prominence and perpetrators know this. Consequently, the U.S. government enacted legislation in anticipation of the public outrage.
Which is why I'm so much fun, because I say:
Student David Gunby was also hit while he was walking to the UT Library (which was located in the Main Building in those days); his injuries were such that he had to remain on dialysis the rest of his life. He finally decided to forgo treatment in 2001, and when he died soon afterwards the cause of death was officially listed as homicide.
from my client.
The gala was much more elaborate than I expected. Food and drink were top-notch and plentiful. (I was responsible and only consumed one glass of wine). There was free valet parking, a fashion show, live auction and "after-party" with a buffet, DJ and open-bar.
2. How we picked Kolbe Academy.
I really couldn't get over how tasty these potatoes were, for such a simple recipe. Stephen even commented that they looked like something out of a magazine! Best compliment ever. They just might be the best potatoes I've ever had!
I wrote myself a time line to tackle and master each of the elements I wanted to use in my trading. It only took me a few months to get this all working in my favor.
illness,
We ended up with some irreplaceable loot of course. Two temporary tatoos, a plastic bracelet and a tootsie roll. Still, a big haul when you’re 3, don’t know any better, and hoard stuff just like that. Afterwards, it was time to pack up and head home. We left the bowling alley about 30 minutes AFTER normal bedtime in the Hughes house, so getting everyone to bed was high priority. Especially getting Grams to bed. Those kids wore her out. I can sympathise.
But now think instead about our Avengers: humanity is awesome! It’s worth saving and fighting for and dying for! We’re worth it right now, not in some future utopia where we’ve become better people. Evil is bad, good is … good. Differences are resolvable. The bad guys need killin’; the good guys will triumph. It won’t be easy – that’s why we need superheroes in the first place – but it will happen, because we do … not … quit. And, oh yeah, look what we can do!
The long hoped-for dawn actually broke, and with it a breeze came up, making our raft rock more and more. The air under us escaped at a more rapid rate, lowering us still further into the water. We had visions of sinking before the help so near at hand could reach us.
This course is aimed at those who already have experience of giving presentations and speaking in front of audiences, but who wish to refine their skills and learn how to add that professional polish to their presentations.
Tebow. People either love him or hate him.
just too adorkable~~~ ^^
Chris Rabb's life as a blogger started with an e-mail. For four years, he sent out an e-newsletter to thousands of names in his address book. The newsletter eventually became his blog, Afro-Netizen, which provided Rabb's commentaries on politics and news, with a focus on Black communities. Since then, Rabb has become one of the most outspoken voices on the racial divide in the blogosphere.
How do I want to start this? 5 months of planning, countless trips to the bike shop, hundreds of emails, facebook conversations, and phone calls, a route overhaul 2 days before take off, and finally it has all started. Last night we bid farewell to our friends and family in Flagstaff, AZ, and boarded our 11 hour Amtrak ride to Los Angeles. Fueled by Mrs. Beger’s cookies, we are currently waiting in the Starbucks at LA Union Station to board our 34 train ride to Seattle.
Fast forward to today. We are 36 years older and (hopefully) wiser! I know for sure we are enriched with 36 years of blessings! This picture was taken at our son's house in Maryland when we went there to enjoy one of our blessings of being grandparents with Kara at a special Grandparents Day at her school.
Here’s an example of a webspam tactic called keyword stuffing taken from a site that will be affected by this change:
So after many years of shouting into the abyss, I have decided to pack up shop here at TR. It's been a great run (if a bit sporadic of late), and I'd like to thank all (3) of you for following along. I'll probably keep everything up, at least for now.
What was I thinking? you say?
Yesterday was another adventure, as hubby rented an airplane, and we spent several hours flying over the island, as well as along the Molokai coastline. Below is a photo of the condos we are staying at. The cove you see is where we snorkel. It sure is going to be hard leaving this beautiful place!
Bord Gais Eireann, Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 4
“Again, I tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven. For where two or three come together in my name, there am I with them.” Matthew 18:19-20 (NIV)
UPDATE 3/26/2012: I found the painting! All I can say is, silly me... now I have a system in place that will hopefully prevent a repeat of this EVER happening again!
Still other diseases, which by the way colloidal silver benefits, that are suspected as being caused by untreated streptococcus infections or a lingering immune response resulting from some past infection, like Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), Pediatric Auto-Immune Neuropsychiatric Disorder (PANDA) and even Schizophrenia- Menninger suspected that in 1920!
Wow! There are several ideas that are new to me – sun art, floating candles, bird feeders! I don’t intend to do tutorials on them right now but there are a few I am dying to try so keep an eye out for them on buggalcrafts sometime in the future (and I said it WAS almost the end of the series!).
Erin ran back saying her personality has completely transformed, and then Jie Jie came to get me and bring me to her clothes. She wanted to change her clothes into her new clothes. This was also something unexpected. Many children coming from an orphanage situation do not necessarily want to take off their clothes right away. It helps them to feel secure to keep them. I have read numerous stories where the children even want to sleep in their clothes and wear them for days. This was not going to be the case for Jie Jie.
He reminded me that He is supposed to be the guiding light and I am supposed to be the vessel that He shines through. And with this HOPE that I have, I can continue knowing that it’s all going to work out in the end.
I love cats but I have allegy to Cats. I feel really, truly sad. I can’t have cats, but I often go to “Cats Cafe” in Shimotori. It is famous for people because Kou Shibasaki, Japanese actress came in there. The spot is holy place for Fan of Kou Shibasaki or Cats lovers in Kumamoto.
Worked On This Week
HISTORICAL GUARDIAN BIAS AGAINST INTERVENTIONISM & TONY BLAIR
The fragrance, “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi, is a 3.3 Fl bottle and comes with an animal print black and pink tote. The line showcases various styles of sunglasses ranging from $20.00 to $30.00; Handbags from $34.99 to $69.00; Crocodilly from $19.90 to $34.90 and finally “Sneaker” slippers at $29.00.
9. Someone else's filthy key ring to suck on.
What happened? Angels, that’s what? My friend, that isn’t just a fairy tale. That’s a real-life example of the involvement of angels in the lives of God‘s people today. And, if you’re a child of God, you have the right to expect God’s angels to do the same kind of things for you. So, start expecting! Say, thank you heavenly father for giving your angels charge over me in all my ways. Once you’ve spoken that word of faith, stand fast, don’t fear. Don’t waver. Just be patient and keep believing, and you will surely see the salvation of the Lord. Scripture Reading: Acts 12:1-17
Route Descriptions
The world is finally coming to its senses and going back 'round the other way, to sunlight, then warmth, and eventually leaves on the trees.
. Politics is prone to totalitarianism.
To those who still maintain that so-called supernatural beings aren’t real and don’t exist: our society has some fashionable concepts that are, by all modern definitions, ‘not real’ and yet we all believe unquestioningly in them. Money being a good example. We all believe in things that very few of us really understand (such as Electromagnetism).
What is the mission of the Festival de Cannes?
Chick Lit
Sarene is a princess from a neighboring country who was betrothed to Raoden. She traveled to her wedding to find that Raoden had died (because nobody would tell her he was a zombie), but the betrothal contract was worded in such a way that she would technically be married to him if he died so that the political union between the two countries would be preserved. Sarene finds it hard to adjust to life in Arelon, especially because women aren’t taken seriously there, but finds herself playing an increasingly crucial role in preserving Arelon’s future.
You see, throughout the scripture we find that we are judged on what we do, on our actions. Paul, who wrote so much of what we find in the new testament, said that he buffets his body and makes it his slave, lest after having preached to so many he himself should be disqualified. It is stated in the bible that in the last days people, desiring to have their ears tickled, will draw to themselves teachers after their own desires, who will tell them what they want to hear. Jesus said there is a broad and easy path, that leads to destruction, and many are on it, but there it is a hard and narrow path that leads to eternal life, and few find it.
I love the practical nature of this passage. I can actually replace WORRYING with SEEKING! Worry might be natural. But, the lack of worry is super-natural. It is possible with God. Seeking is to be "continually absorbed in searching for something; making a strenuous effort to obtain something". I can do the worry dance or seek Him to care for me. Unproductive vs. Productive. Unlike breathing, both take effort and thought and time. Why not choose the better thing?
As you probably can tell, I am letting the tooth of the paper show so that I can benefit from the glow of the red paper. By the time I have all my layers on, the tooth shall be more covered more but the red shall still be influencing the look of the piece. No burnishing here. My favourite medium of art work to look at is pastel so when working on sanded papers, I like my work to have a sense of pastel about them.
“My voice is much too scary,
And what of Mina, the overseer’s daughter? She’s part of the faux-Victorian culture of the human collaborators, and high up in it. The Overseer is like an ambassador to the conquered nations of the human race and she is his daughter. We might as well become aristocratic about it and make it all hereditary.
for someone like you to remain so sure
I am working on ideas for members only and would like to see work done with my images. I am considering doing challenges, but since I give away all my images at this point I am having trouble figuring out what the prize should be....
He then ordered them into his van and drove away with them – to where I knew not. It seemed a bit odd, but who was I to interfere in the machinery of human justice? Like Captain Picard, I obeyed the prime directive not to interfere in the cultural practices of other life forms unless absolutely necessary, which it wasn’t in this case.
Okay, Sarah B. has got another superfood obsession on her hands and she needs you to get on the bandwagon so she doesn’t seem so insane (perhaps not talking in third person would also remedy this).
Stupid tissues with lotion make me break out. AS DOES AIR.
As we got back to our station, and my partner went bed, and I too went to my bunk room to sleep, I secretly wished that we didnt have another call up that road again for the rest of the night.
6. For chocolate topping: Melt chocolate and butter/margarine over low heat in a small saucepan until melted. Remove from heat and spread about 1 teaspoon of melted chocolate over each puff.
I have grand plans for this summer.
Still, rather than bite Mr. PR Director's head off, I consigned his email to my Junk file, and figured we were all done. But no. Today I received this (check out the salutation):
When I was small I was afraid of my Aunt because she had a big voice and I never grew used to her. She lived abroad and we were a quiet family. She sang in an important choir, wore kaftans and didn’t care. She had a son with the bluest eyes and he used to cry when any of us plonked through Chopin on the piano.
-2 slices of ginger
Some growers across Ontario have also lost entire orchards of peaches, sour cherries, pears, plums and nectarines, said Phil Tregunno, chairman of the Ontario Tender Fruit Producers Marketing Board.
There is no longer real beauty and transcendence in the modernist internationalist ‘look of utility’ and obvious use of technological materials like glass and steel and coloredd plastic cladding ; so where there’s obvious ‘diversity’/multiplicity there instead becomes a monotonous sameness.
Brenner says that he found this thrusting “extraordinarily erotic.” WTF? Is this guy serious? He found a wild species in captivity thrusting against him extraordinarily EROTIC? How the hell could anyone find that erotic? Most NORMAL people would find it SICK SICK SICK!!
A different kind of post from lately!
Unfortunately, it seems like the pub is straying from Ward's original vision, particularly on the beer taps. Sure, you can still get Guinness, Murphy's, Smithwicks — the basics. But no longer do you see the unexpected, offbeat European import.
Hypothetically speaking.
I have exciting news, I applied for the Heartfelt Creations Design Team Contest, and have been selected as a semi-finalist!!! You can read more about it here on their Blog and see the other semi-finalists selected. For this contest, I will need everyone's help!!! They are having their customers involved in selecting the finalists and voting for their favorites. If you like my creations, PLEASE let them know by voting for me on their blog! Here's part of the post:
My answer came today, when my daughter came back from a school visit to a gurdwara in a nearby town. Still buzzing with excitement after her look around the Sikh temple, my daughter explained that her religious plans had changed.
I walked through this archway and into the chapel. When you walk in you first go into the newer chapel which is covered with dozens- maybe even hundreds of mosaics that are beautifully put together with brilliant colors and gold accents- absolutely stunning. From the newer chapel you walk into the older chapel. It was built in the 10th century and it’s built with stone, brick and marble. It is amazing. I also learned a couple of things: when there are pictures of Jesus when he holds his ring finger to his thumb that’s Jesus judging, and there were these little aluminum pictures hanging under icons of saints and when I asked what they were they told me that when someone’s prayers are answered by a certain saint they hang tokens of gratitude under their icon as a gift.
Do you prefer slavery or freedom? I ask that question because the modern-day version of slavery in this country is being forced to join a union -- and pay union dues -- against your will. And, as it turns out, in "union/slave states" there are provably fewer jobs and lower wages.
Young Michelin is a five-piece band led by Romain Guerret, an accomplished solo artist who made two albums under the name Dondolo. Signed to American label Holiday Records, they are trying to merge their 90s English indie-pop influences with the use of French language. Inspired by The Wake, The Field Mice and labels such as Sarah Records, they aim to make music that is simple and honest, and succeed brilliantly, as this instrumental shows.
Reading: Fifty Shades of Grey (shame face). I don't make a habit of reading romance novels because they are just so silly and over the top. But I admit that all the hype about this one made me curious - much like when I picked up Twilight many years ago (though in that case, I couldn't make it past the first chapter). This is not especially well written. It is repetitive. The female lead is annoying and predictable. In any case, I like to be in the know, especially in politics and pop culture. (What an odd pairing.) At least now I can have an informed opinion when the subject comes up. I hear a movie is already in the works - will be interesting to see who takes on those roles.
Well, sorry to depress you all – but that’s what today has been about for me.
5) toban jan (that really hot, red paste that you use to make Mabo Dofu)
You can find the product numbers of the chippies you are interested in by checking out the 2Crafty's website. 2Crafty chippies can be ordered easy peasy from sweet Di Garling just by sending her an email. She accepts settlement by PayPal and international orders are shipped really swiftly by this amazing lady!
Could this be a veiled allusion to Bush's own neglected
Since you are all university students, I assume you have learned some economics before, right? Don’t you remember there is something called “costing” in economics? For anything offered free of charge to you, someone else have to foot the bill.
Second, if a child-free woman wants to smoke a cigarette, parents should have to take their kids elsewhere if they want to protect them from second-hand smoke. Same for cussing, drug use, nudity, and public displays of affection and sexuality. Just get your fucking kids the hell out of there and don’t give anybody a hard time about it.
Make & Model: Toyota Wish 1.8
So let’s counteract that sad beauty with the most inane, pointless band I can think of. B-A-Y, B-A-Y, B-A-Y C-I-T-Y, with an R-O-double L-E-R-S, Bay City Rollers are the best!
Whooping and hollering
Like myself, some of you are in seasons of your life which are somewhat temporary. You aren't living in the same city that you will be living in five years down the road. You aren't working at the job from which you will retire. You aren't living with the friends and family that you will grow old with. Yet, you are called to live!
On August 16, 2010, Hassoun met with the agents and debriefed them on his reconnaissance efforts. He gave them the camcorder and after reviewing the videos, they all discussed the areas that could be targeted to cause maximum casualties with minimum operational difficulty and risk. On August 31, 2010, Hassoun and the undercover agents traveled to Hassoun’s chosen location, which Hassoun said would be crowded with bar patrons.
And return to the source of light.
Panorama stories that Poienile izei area, welcome visitors, hide valuable natural resources and ancient traditions, whose values ​​and applications to be discovered
I am planning some slightly different work to my usual output, as the local library service in Bath is organising an exhibition and competition. To enter you simply choose one of the books they are discarding and transform it or alter it in some way. I am currently playing around with the idea of the double meaning of the word “leaves”, which could refer to the green things that grow on trees or the pages in a book. Over the last couple of days I have been thinking about layering and cutting pages, and these are two designs.
But trim, wire and tape stalk after stalk of flowers to stick into a pleasing arrangement? Thanks, but no thanks, it's really not for the impatient likes of me. I love admiring beautiful and intricate floral arrangements as much as the next person. But attempt to do it myself? Drives me to tears. This klutziness with flowers is likely an extension of how plantlife (and guppies for that matter) has a habit of dying around me. Money plants, cacti, ornamental chilli plants, terrariums...You name it, I've somehow caused it to wither. They call me the plant murderer at home.
Two programs on the similar plane of existence in the annals of college basketball lore, but many would still consider one to be out of place in this final match-up. Kentucky has a roster of talent likely to crash the first-round of the NBA draft. While Davis is busy launching his lanky frame in the air intimidating would be scorers, Jones rebounds and dunks with a ferocity as if whispers of “Cal’s crew can’t win the big one” reverberates in his ears.
However, the people from Orange think that ED looks like an angel, which is why they chose her. Have called whole campaign Angel. Feel immense pride.
P.S. The image is the front page from ETSY a few days ago. I love when ETSY goes all Red Riding Hood on me!
I started by photographing each of the eight beatitudes,
As I have already stated in the course of this opinion, in connection with another phrase of this case from January to June, 1941, President Quezon had issued at least eight Executive Orders in the exercise of his emergency powers, by authority of Commonwealth Act 600. From this it is evident that he did not share the majority view, because despite his having made his report to the Assembly in January, 1941, and even before the enactment of Commonwealth Act No. 620, he believed and considered Commonwealth Act No. 600 as still in force after that date and that he still retained his emergency powers.
thought was so great turned out to be a one way hole into oblivion. I
Having both of these massive events happen on the same day is, at the very least, an amazing synchronicity.
Finally, a big thank you to Ruth Phillips and Julian Merrow-Smith, my new best friends in the Vaucluse! They were complete strangers when I wrote them this morning to see if the name I had chosen for this blog (Postcards from Provence) was too similar to the name of Julian's blog and website (it's called Postcard from Provence and you see it at http://shiftinglight.com/) and if they'd prefer that I change it. I had barely hit send when they replied that I was welcome to use the name...but because they were so nice, I changed it. And then, of course, it turns out that we have friends in common and share food as a passion....and we're already trading restaurant tips. Julian's paintings are very beautiful and quite affordable; they're sold auction style. The pitcher and brioche at the top of this post are his...and I encourage you all to visit his site, which changes daily.
3) Lettuce
At that point, I had to give up on the book. If this is the kind of stuff they deem helpful information, I don’t think I want to know what other landmines are waiting for me in months 7-9. No thanks. Now I know I’m not the audience for this.
As for now, it's just a matter of me trying to perfect my macarons yet again, in this new oven. Wasn't perfecting them once in a different oven enough? I guess not. I'll probably have 2 methods of macaron making now...One for the ancient oven, and another for the brand spanking new one. My only worry now is that my father sees the macarons in the chiller. Oh well, what's done is done!
Ranthambore National Park, Jim Corbett National Park, Sariska Tiger Reserve, Kanha Tiger Reserve and Periyar National Park are some of the most popular destinations for wildlife holidays in India. Thus, it is but obvious that a well-planned holiday in India would be a wonderful experience that can be cherished for lifetime.
Total = 6
When the cameras start rolling, whose star will shine brighter?
You can laugh now. I don't blame you. :)
"Why are you yelling at us?" my son asked.
It makes sense for Geophagy to exist as an inbuilt primitive survival trait in humans, especially during childhood and pregnancy as the Earth’s clay can be a rich source of required minerals such as calcium, sodium and magnesium. However in modern times this can lead to health complications in areas where clay can become contaminated by various pollutants and as mentioned earlier; it is mainly the developed world who views this to be an unusual habit and thus a disorder.
The market opened flat today and then started to decline after the ISM services number was below expectations. In fact, nearly all the potential positives; i.e. FOMC and ECB meetings, have come and gone with no change in monetary policy. Should the payrolls report come in below expectations tomorrow morning, the market will not likely respond favorably.
Honey has antimicrobial enzymes that work wonders on wounds as a poultice. It cleans out nasty infections pretty damn quick. There is a sterilized, expensive form of honey used in the treatment of diabetic wounds.
But we can breathe a little sigh of relief – at least somewhere in the world, right now, there are poor people who are currently balancing out our over-use of nature’s resources. So the world on the whole is ok. Think again….
Right on, Eileen.
Kara is one of those chicks you just can't tell if you find hot or not.
Now, when you need higher than a limited-term resolve or maybe if the exact amount is significant than it has an option to a paycheck mortgage.&nbsp Nevertheless, the treatment depends with your state financial guidelines.&nbsp Many organizations that come with on the internet bank Loans, payday cash Loans, on the internet payday loans, or send-much less Loans are nationally.&nbsp They’ve the resources to recognise the needs and limitations for each and every point out, but not every one of them provide extended terms and conditions far better financial limitations.&nbsp For there is another group of creditors that happen to be unique fot it process.
You have the chance to win the Mini Card Creations set from SP and Company by leaving me a comment with your contact information by February 24th. A winner will be randomly chosen, so good luck!
We have all ----well, at least me---done something in our lives that could have landed us on the wrong side of the law.
Last week, Kal Raustiala and Chris Sprigman, guest bloggers on the New York Times's Freakonomics blog, posted this interesting piece about what football (of the American variety) can teach us about the correlation between copyright protection and innovation. Though focused on copyright, their point can be made easily about any form of intellectual property protection. The question at heart is whether such IP protections are truly the catalyst for innovation.
I used my score board and made them 1 inch wide i scored 1, 3, 5, 7, and ,11 inches then flipped it over and scored at 2, 4, 6, 8,and 10 inches making it easy to make the folds
I sing freedom
Our caterpillars emerged from their chrysalises early this week and today we made our way out to the grass to let them go. The kids all sat in a circle around the butterfly house. I gave them directions about not chasing them and letting them fly off to find a flower, that it was time to say good-bye.
I have a little pocket
Many people are extraordinarily pleased with Sanderson’s offerings, and I can understand why they feel this way, with some reservations. I, too, am pleased that the series is going to be finished. Too much has been personally invested in it to give up now. But I see also that to accomplish his goal (to complete the series in three books) Sanderson has sidelined both Jordan’s characterizations and descriptiveness in order to focus on plot alone. And, to be fair, lots of things happen in this book. But this observation is key: we must note that what we are left with in these final novels is pure plot—character, characteristic and the world itself are essentially dead. We, the readers, are reading only to find out what happens. And while this is a welcome thing for the longtime reader of Jordan, let us not confuse it with being good.
Heat oven to 350F and coat a 9x13" pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium bowl, combine apple slices, lemon juice, 1/4 C sugar, and cinnamon, stirring to mix. Set aside.
So when Spock died, did he die in that mirror universe thing too or did his mirror self come into this world and take over for him, then get replaced with our Spock?
Built in 1980 as a family getaway spot, the home holds all the vacation essentials: a wrap-around porch measuring 2,700 square feet, private dock and 21-foot-long boat, which is included in the sale. The island also has a helipad for ease of transportation to the Marathon and Miami airports.
I’ll admit I spent quite a while staring at this mutton rack and wondering what to do with it. In the end I went for a sensible approach and prepared the mutton a day ahead. I love using anchovies with lamb, so I blitzed two tins of anchovies in olive oil with some rosemary, garlic and black pepper to make a sort of tapenade. I smothered it over the rack, clingfilm-ed it like a mummy and left it in the fridge overnight.
I spent yesterday morning experimenting with making liquid handsoap...yes, I was distracted by the allure of mixing and whipping and pouring and generally making a mess of things, and didn't complete the editing for my Happy Hexagon Crochet tutorial...so I am sorry dear readers, and will get on that asap in the new week...BUT, I think I have unvented (don't you just LOVE that word? Thank you EZ!), a very easy, all natural method of making liquid handsoap, without having to use lye and long cooking times... As you all know, I am totally smitten by the cold processed soap that I had learned to make from Rhonda's lovely blog, and since that, I have only made soap, never bought commercially available soaps again. My kids and husband love it, and Gerry even uses the soap to wash his hair...so all-round a big hit!
I'm not arguing about the quality of most of the songs on this list. But c'mon.....let's be serious....you want 50 ultimate BRITISH songs....and you only have 1 from Scotland, 1 from Wales and 1 from Northern Ireland. Oh and even in terms of the spread of the English contributions, there's an awful big bias in favour of London and the South East.
This, however, is not what the proposed amendment to the Employment Equity Act says. Now the general secretary of the ANC, Mr Gwede Mantashe, has weighed in to the effect that national companies will have to use national demographics and provincially-based companies provincial demographics. This is the opposite of the flexibility of which Mr Zuma speaks.
The world is truly spinning off its axis.
There will be THREE BLESSED WINNERS... who will each receive a $15.00 Gift Certificate to the Our Daily Bread designs Store to go toward the stamps of their choice! Winners will be randomly chosen from all the qualified entries.
STAYING WITH HIM TO PLEASE OTHER PEOPLE- Never do this. So what if you will be a little lonely. So what if your mom really likes him. So what if it’s the easier thing to do. Your priority in life is to be HAPPY. No one else gets to vote on this. Stay with him because you love him, because you’ve forgiven him, because your life doesn’t make sense without him… but NOT because someone else makes you feel like you’re supposed to.
People call and ask if there are hotel spaces available and scream and complain when they are told that there is no more space besides families willing to take them in. People complain that they cannot sleep because of the mosquitoes and why hasn’t someone come to clean up the vomit festering in the corner. They expect that level of service, even in the middle of a war.
Welcome back! It's time for another challenge with the Beyond the Burtonesque Dolls! This is going to be a fun one! Not that any of them aren't fun! This time around, your challenge is: "If I were a zombie...I'd eat you most!" So, ya need to make something lovey-dovey, but zombified!!! You will have 2 weeks for this challenge, and since this is the first Tuesday of the month, you can make anything you want. It does not need to be an altered project. So let's see what the Design Team has created!
also watched while having more internet problems. Not bad again. Some
Blowing cool stagnant, strains of bacteria
"Three big things happened to me when I moved to San Francisco: I found myself; I met the love of my life; and I got breast cancer." ~ Sonia, i live here:SF
Buying the first issue in my local newsagents. I'd been bereft ever since ACTION bit the bullet and the rich diet of Dan Dare, Dinos and Dredd seemed the perfect pick-me-up.
Here in Greece though pumpkin is not as popular as on the other side of the Atlantic. Just to give you an idea we only make two types of pies from pumpkin, one sweet and one savory and that’s about it. Don’t ask me why. I have no idea. The fact remains that here pumpkin does not enjoy the respect, usage, acceptance and love it enjoys in the US.
“The day is over, I’ve had my fill of the scraps you left behind, you'll wanna come back to the beach tomorrow (I know you will) and I'll be back then. See ya…”
BONUS TIP: A Bad Snack That Seems Good
Bu Yong offers a dried persimmon to her sister and insists on it even though Hwa Yong has already declined. Somehow the dried persimmon falls to the ground and Hwa Yong tries to reach it but she trips on her skirt and accidentally hurts Bu Yong’s face – with the iron.
If there are any words you are really desperate for, write me a comment and I will see if I can make it quicker for you (not promising... but I will do my best!)
Colossians 3:17 And whatever you do in word or in deed, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him.
4. Vampires, werewolves, and angels/demons, oh my! There are other paranormal creatures out there. I'm a sucker for this cliche, though. Overdone as they might be, I still love a good story with any of these creatures.
My mum and dad visited this week which was lovely, and mum showed me her pattern for a tea cosy. I choose some lovely rowan wool from my stash in purple and green and knitted the Joanne Tea Cosy for my wee granny for mothers day. I found a lovely green and purple ribbon from John Lewis to finish it off. I might knit one for myself!
“The bibliography is fine. I’ll tell you exactly what this is: cultural backlash. Six years of anti-Americanism has manifested itself in European disdain for the kind of revolutionary research represented by Stanford football’s suicide letter. They haven’t directly said ‘plagiarism’ but we all know what’s at stake here, what they’re insinuating. I stand by the football department and their work. It’s daring stuff. It’s the kind of writing that made this country the locus of late twentieth century literature at the expense of continental Europe, and they know it.”
To ensure shipping before the Christmas Holidays orders must be placed by December 4, 2011.
I debated going to see a doc about my heel, but I figured, what was the point at this point? Whether it’s almost fractured or not, it’s already injured, and I’m already planning on not running for two weeks after this race, so I might as well just run it!
It’s limpid to see how this incident has made many people of all ethnicities, especially African Americans frustrated and exasperated that justice has not been served in Trayvon’s case. I understand the anger, it angers me as well; I see the reasoning behind marches and inveighing. But where were these marches for the million dead Iraqis, the innocent families eradicated by drones, where were these marches when our very own government funded terrorist groups that killed 40,000 Black Libyans, or the hundreds of thousands of injustices that never see national attention? I know it’s easier to relate to Trayvon’s case because it’s so close to home, but million of injustices are never fought.
2011, US, directed by Rob Marshall
Instead of throwing out the water, I have a simple bucket system set up to collect cool water that is run for while waiting for hot water. The water can be used for a variety of things, but I use it for flushing the toilet. There are two methods of flushing the toilet.
Joe Pelaia, Maryland SRTS Coordinator
Now, I will be making a meal for about 15-20 people for the first time at the end of May. We are hosting a buffet-style brunch for my son's baptism and, being from an Italian family, it is crucial that I follow tradition and provide far more food than my guests can possibly eat. The catch? Everything needs to be able to be prepared in advance and it needs to be able to withstand the heat since we will be hosting brunch on our apartment's roof deck.
And there you have it, the backwards loop cast on:) Can you believe how easy that was??? You just keep on adding loops to the needle for the amount of stitches you will need for a particular project.
Anyone can write a blog or article but it actually takes a lot of hard work to produce pieces that are socially relevant and influential. We need more effective bloggers and online writers who have what it takes to write from the heart and connect with their readers in a really effective and efficient way. Are you empowered now? If yes, then go ahead and offer your readers what you’ve got through your great articles and blogs!
'I can't bear not feeling in control now,' she says. 'I hate the fact that there are nights out, periods of time that I simply can't remember.'
I wrote a couple of shorts for competitions that might raise my profile.
Here’s what we are doing: Marble Nails.
Back in the fall we helped our dear friends in Alabama harvest their first sorghum crop. It was lots of fun and a load of work too! Here, where we live, our neighbors make sorghum every year and we usually help out in the fields- so it was a new adventure when we were blessed with the opportunity to help out our friends.
Source: Michigan Department of Human Services
I guess, the real reason why my Bali experience is my “Top Ranked” was because it was my first trip abroad – ALONE. I had turned 21 and my Mom felt I ought to take a break from what was the busiest year in college. I got a week off in November, but she couldn’t join me – long story short … My uncle based in Jakarta – was my only “local guardian” in Bali!!!
Lime Cream:
I was going to title this "Why we vote for the worst for our grandchildren", but I realize that if you don't have grandchildren, this might not mean much to you. Or, if you do, you might be pissed that someone thinks you don't care about them. (which really isn't the case)
There is so much chatter flowing out of their brain through their mouths and into my ears that by the time I arrive at a suggestion and or an invitation to join me … all I hear are negative affirmations… “but you don’t understand, I have anxiety… I have laundry to do.. I don’t have time”…
Bridget Duke is the uncontested ruler of her school. The meanest girl with the biggest secret insecurities. And when new girl Anna Judge arrives, things start to fall apart for Bridget: friends don’t worship as attentively, teachers don’t fall for her wide-eyed “who me?” look, expulsion looms ahead and the one boy she’s always loved—Liam Ward—can barely even look at her anymore.
I love a good dive bar. I don't know if le Baiser Salé would really be considered one, but the night I went there it had a few of the key elements that make a place divey for me: mediocre to crappy drinks, a strange mixture of clients (including the obligatory unsavory ones) and dark a ambiance punctuated with red lights.
4.In a kadai,heat oil and butter,add Jeera,Cardamom,Cloves,Bay Leaves.
The nano site says: “Writing a novel in a month is both exhilarating and stupid, and we would all do well to invite a little more spontaneous stupidity into our lives.” By doing both NaNoWriMo and NaBloPoMo I’m inviting more than just a little spontaneous stupidity into my life, but I’m looking forward to it. I’m a very slow writer, so I’ll probably end up writing stream of consciousness, which is a cheat since it’s not exactly writing a novel, but I’m doing this more as a vision quest than a writing exercise. Grief digs deep into one’s psyche, dislodging buried feelings and thoughts — sort of like digging for fossils in a tar pit. I’m hoping that by forcing myself to write an insane number of words the loosened bits will surface, bringing me enlightenment. Or wisdom. Or . . . just about anything other than self-pity.
Paisley has started doing so many fun things this month. Here are her milestones:
The week before I boarded this huge airplane, I found myself traveling through the Atlanta, Georgia airport with a long layover that stretched into evening. After a typically satisfying meal with my friends at One Flew South on the "E" concourse, I realized that the gate was only a few hundred feet away. My gate. The one through which, in a week's time, I would be striding to begin the Grand Adventure. How could I resist? I walked down the concourse and gazed at the people boarding Air France, incredulous at their nonchalance. Was I really going to be one of them? Was the trip actually going to occur? Seven days to go...
Her living sisters were afraid of their own toys because they didn’t know what toys had belonged to the dead girl and they didn’t want to play with the toys of somebody who was dead. They had played so freely and intensely that they could not separate the toys of the living from the toys of the dead.
I have been planning on unfollowing BGR on Twitter and Google Reader for a while now, but I finally did it. Not because BGR hates RIM, but because articles like this are embarrasing and amatuer. I’m sorry that RIM didn’t want to give you a Dev Alpha for you to rip on for the next 6 months. Can you really blame them? Stop acting like a 5 year old and focus on your business. Articles like this show your true colors and make people like me stop reading your site. Good bye for good.”
“You know, there are two good things in life, freedom of thought and freedom of action. In France you get freedom of action: you can do what you like and nobody bothers, but you must think like everybody else. In Germany you must do what everybody else does, but you may think as you choose. They’re both very good things. I personally prefer freedom of thought. But in England you get neither: you’re ground down by convention. You can’t think as you like and you can’t act as you like. That’s because it’s a democratic nation. I expect America’s worse.”
Asia is a name of a body of land,
Weigh is falling down, still having 2 meals per day. No tricks, eat less move more. During weekends have long walks (8-10 hours, about 35 kilometers@5 kph, about 4.500 kcal).
DAP Johor Chairman Boo Cheng Hao only knows how to play political tricks and talk nonsense, and has underestimated the wisdom of the voters by continuing to use the same tricks in an attempt to fool the voters.
Depends on the situation, I suppose!
From God to local bobby, in home and street and school
Something similar and equally interesting has happened now that Kel and I are dog owners. We do not have a public park nearby to take Ike to, but when we bring him with us on errands, people want to come over and meet him (it doesn't seem to matter that Ike really isn't interested in meeting them). Saying hello to Ike is an introduction to us and usually the segue into a long conversation.
I spent this weekend doing a bit of research on bubbles and check out the coolness that I found!
One of the sponsors of the bill, senator Raymond Lesniak (D-Union) portrayed the initiative as “a way to support property values and reduce crime by getting people into vacant homes, provide municipal tax revenues while stabilizing the housing market.” The other sponsors of the bill are senators Barbara Buono (D-Middlesex) and Assemblyman Jerry Green (D-Union).
(August 7, 1982)
Hi! It's me, Faith a.k.a. Markie's Mom. When I volunteered to focus on Inkssentials pens this week, I think I heard a collective groan from the Flourishes... They were certain my card would be filled with dots. In my own defense, dots are easy, inexpensive embellishments to any card or 3-D project. And, I LOVE them! However, I wanted to share another favorite technique with you today.
Well, that was the plan.
I asked the lady if the shop was just a pop up shop and she told me that it was now a permanent fixture which is fantastic as I've always wanted to see all the MO polishes before buying and I find that Boots don't stock the entire range.
Third, to get a really soft, satiny look on up close shots of the dog, such as the one below, try setting a small aperture (in this case f/16), high shutter speed (1/1000). The ISO was 2000. The result is the camera does not have as much data to work with, so the pixels are softened. Personally, I love the satiny look of the dog’s fur.
There are some places in the world where it is impossible to take a “bad photograph”. Patagonia is one of them. However it is very easy to take a photograph of one of these places and have it not look as good as when you were there (I can’t take a great manatee photo to save my life.) Anyways, Ian finds a way to make an amazing place look amazing. Like you could just raft down this crazy river and then grab a cold beer on the shore while checking out the spectacular purple and gold mountains in the background. I know this is sunrise, but in my dream I have a beer. Thanks Ian for adding a new line to my bucket list of things to see and flights to spend my frequent flyer miles on. Also I want to mention Ian’s website “Dreamscapes” http://www.ianplant.com has several incredible images that I would love to hang on my wall. So check it out and while you are there bookmark his blog, it is well worth the read. My brother and I read it every week!
You might or might not know that so far, this blog has been a school project. Now that my class is ending, I have no scholastic reason to continue blogging. But just because school is over for the semester doesn’t mean that my passions for cooking and traveling left with it! I will continue to post whenever I cook, discover, or travel internationally (okay, so the last one is more of a dream). So feel free to check back occasionally, or subscribe to email updates!
Besides the obvious of location and guest list, there are two main parts to planning a party: decor and food.
I'm busy mourning loved ones during one of the most family oriented seasons ever.
I realized this morning that I need to SLOW down. I feel like I am going full-speed with everything.
The Ferrocarril de Sóller‘s narrow-gauge train, with its wooden cars, had a historic feel, which makes sense because the train line has been operating since 1912. We climbed aboard the last car as soon as the train arrived at the station. Once seated, it did not take long before the action started. The engine was removed from the “front” of the train, driven(?) along another track to the “back” of the train, then reattached to make the “back” the “front.” As all of this was going on, we noticed a group of five waiting on the platform near our car. We wondered why they didn’t just get into our car, which only contained my husband and me. As the engine locked into place, the five walked toward the train. Ah! They wanted to be in the engine car. Too bad, because once hooked up, the train pulled forward, leaving the gaping-mouthed ticket-holders on the platform.
I loved the rhythms and sounds of Arnold's poem, and the whole idea of mermaids and their undersea world - and most of all I loved the sadness of this story.
In a sale of assets like this, it is very hard for a creditor to block the process either. D&P can clearly show that there has been very little real interest, and Mr Miller’s offer is the best they are going to get. The valuations of the fixed assets at over £100,000,000 are irrelevant.
8. Bing Ji Ling - You Shook Me All Night Long (3:00)
Jack: Darcy
We offer him the option of choosing whatever he wants to have for dinner and dessert for the evening. His choice? "Grilled cheese sandwiches! And can I make them?" We have a panini maker. I think that he can make them on there easily enough. With supervision of course. So that is the plan for tomorrow night. Natty's "reward" for his thoughtfulness and unselfishness on a Saturday morning is to make grilled cheese sandwiches for the family for Sunday dinner. And so therefore, that is why I had to do another shameless brag about this child!
*Basic cheap cafe
Saturday Afternoon- After our run we met with some friends at Washington Park where everyone and their mom was out in full force. I have never seen a park crowded like that?! We lounged in camp chairs, drinking beer, and got up now and then to play various games (washers, Kan Jam, Frisbee). Funnnnn in the sun!
Tony Hawk's Downhill JamTony Hawk’s Downhill Jam
So how does one learn about it when not in school?
starring James Mason, Susan George, Perry King,
Now? I'm regretting only making six for her. I could really use one of these now - especially after looking at the photos again!
Cool typography invites:)
I am watching my citrus trees grow with each passing day, they are amazing! I need to go out and give them a good soaking, today, since I didn’t yesterday. New growth, more blossoms, happy trees. Ahh…
You may recall that last year, we did an Episode Zero in which we relaxed our usual spoiler policy slightly, and just talked about what we know about the upcoming series of Doctor Who unencumbered by our usual musical score or our pace-setting editing trickery.
A pinch of ground cinnamon
Start up a blog called FOOTBALLERS AND PUPPIES.
Great, I thought, lightin' up a smoke.
From the bottom of my heart, from the depth of my soul, thank you. Thank you for the comments, the emails, sharing your stories. Thank you for the encouragement, the advice, and the friendship. It feels so amazing to be understood, to have no judgement, and to finally be free from feeling pressed in on all sides. I took some advice, and talked to a couple of really close, non-judgemental friends. I am feeling a lot better most of the time, and plan to just get back on track emotionally. Hubs is doing really good, what a relief! We sent out a box of his favorite sweets yesterday, and some cards and gifts. I'm really excited for him to open them. Thank you ladies again for being such amazing rocks! Your thoughts and your prayers really do lift people up. Thank you!
OMG I would LOVE these tickets!! My kids have been begging me to go there, but it never seems to be in our budget. We drive past there every weekend and every weekend they ask when we are going :) This would make them SO happy to be able to go...FINALLY!!! I have 3 kids and myself so 4 would be absolutely p-e-r-f-e-c-t.
Step 6: Using Valspar's Antiquing glaze, I dry brushed lightly onto the stands until I had covered all areas, paying special attention to the nooks and crannies. Then, using a completely dry paper towel, I rubbed the glaze into the paint, until it was dry and started to glaze into the "splotches" that the RL metallic finish had created.
Bottom line is that while some have tried to renege on the unwritten contract to park there, most have stuck there safely...and littered the place in the process as well:-(
1 carrot, julienned
Then he added, “That way my subconscious would be working on it and at the same time I would be listening to other people and noticing everything…”
~Engage in writing exercises designed to spark your imagination and get you writing;
This silent afternoon heat is different from the sweet morning when blossoms of stargazer lily perfumed the air. It’s the summer afternoon we’ve been waiting for all year – earth heated and air still, only the tiniest breeze. Clothes bake stiff on the line. It’s quiet because it is hot, and quiet because it’s too hot to fuss – too dry to transplant or plant. Grass grows dormant.
Hot break, small flecks in the brew.
5.we're all weird
If this child is a boy, he may grow up to be just like the insensitive father who would copulate with his future wife in the same violent manner. If it is a girl, she may never be predisposed to kindness or maternal instincts and may well become an insensitive sexual partner or a bitter mother for no particular reason.
Nor is the Abkhazian crisis the only one brewing in the Black Sea. Last month, Russian naval troops blocked Ukrainian bailiffs from seizing navigational equipment from a lighthouse outside Sevastopol, the Crimean base of Russia's Black Sea Fleet for two centuries.
What I think I need is one of those accidents/surprises other people sometimes have. But that would entail Macondo Papa and I deciding to see if maybe we could have an accident. Because we're like that. And then we'd be right back where we are right now.
The total for communications industry spending in the United States for 2011, including services, is expected to top a trillion dollars in 2011, up from $985 million in 2010.
Over and over, the Obama administration claims to be creating jobs and working for an economic recovery; while with the other hand they issue regulations that work to the opposite effect—killing job opportunities, damaging industries—and extending the length of the recession. All that “investment” has gone to paying off his supporters, not to rescuing the economy. He knows how to do payback, it’s the recovery he doesn’t understand.
I'll be honest... this crossed my mind more than once. But the fact that I've had the same issues two-three months in a row... I was pretty sure that was ruled out. So I had to break down and tell Dr.Garcia about my crazy realistic dream, and that it was so real I took a pregnancy test. He was so relieved when I told him that it was negative, and he said that he felt a lot better about my issues.
But can you blame me?? Look it at my handsome little boy!
If you have life insurance through your employer, it is more than likely a term life policy. This kind of coverage pays a specific death benefit to your beneficiaries for a loss that occurs during a specific amount of time. This timeframe is referred to as the term of the policy which is where this coverage gets its name. Typically, term policies are less expensive than whole life policies but become increasingly more expensive to renew as you get older. Term policies are generally used to provide protection for those left behind. For this reason, many people purchase a term life policy when they buy a house or have a family. Securing a policy that provides enough money to pay off the mortgage, pay for college tuition, or cover other debts and obligations can give you the peace of mind that comes from knowing you have taken care of those that depend on you. Most insurers offer term life policies in a variety of amounts and time frames which allows you to customize your policy to meet your exact needs.
Please post the name of your blog followed by the item you reviewed. For example, Laura’s Reviews (The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson).
Maybe it was earned
*think soft /fluffy to shade and short/dense to pack the colour on especially with pure pigments*
Hekate as well is another example of a super-syncretistic goddess. She first appears in Hesiod’s Theogony, but becomes particularly important during the Graeco-Egyptian period in magical texts. In the periods before this, she was connected to or shared attributes with such deities as the Thracian Bendis, and was also put into association with Cybele; but, in later periods, she combined with Artemis, Selene, and even Persephone, and was also connected to non-Greek deities like the Near Eastern Ereshkigal. She also had a variety of epithets, including Enodia, which were potentially independent goddesses to begin with, and under which she was still solely invoked in later periods.
Looking back over my first season reviews, I was surprised I gave as many five-star ratings as I did, but it’s a relative rating to itself, really. AMOK TIME gets a four-star rating in the universe of TOS episodes. Compare it to INFERNO, which is a four or four and a half star DOCTOR WHO story and AMOK TIME would come in with a solid two and a half stars. A better comparison for STAR TREK would probably be something like BUCK ROGERS or the original BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, but I won’t get around to reviewing those shows for quite a while.
1. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Dredge shrimp in flour, then egg, then panko.
6 large washed artichokes (when you’re buying them, make sure they’re not discolored)
Might give
I read while I sipped my liquid dinner because my jaw hurt too much to chew.
If it hasn't become painfully obvious already - I seriously have no idea what I'm talking about when I post about things like layering rooms. It all sounds good when I write it out. It makes sense to me. But, it pretty much falls apart after that. I'm not trained in design. I'm just feeling my way through this.
Cast aside your mourning veils, join all of your tears
On: Watch
“My personality.”
You throw the ingredients into your mixer the night before and after the dough is all kneaded and gooey, put it into a large buttered bowl and stick it in the refrigerator for the night. The next day, let that sit at room temperature for an hour. Divide in half, shape each half into a 6" x 8" rectangle and roll up. Place each one seam side up in two greased loaf pans.
Company Contact:
Another of Sir Winston’s grandsons, Nicholas Soames commented in the Commons. On July 17th 2007 he said, “foreign immigration is now 25 times higher than it has ever been in the past, … The sharp increase in immigration is no accident. To suggest, as Ministers do, that it is all a result of the fall of communism or of globalisation is, frankly, bizarre. The numbers point clearly to a massive increase since the present Government came to power in 1997. Part of the increase is due to their failure during their first five years in office to get a grip on asylum claims, of which more than 60 per cent. were eventually judged to be unfounded. Another part is due to their decision to allow a massive increase in work permits, which have trebled since 1997. At the same time, their decision in June 1997 to abolish the primary purpose rule has led to the number of spouses admitted to Britain doubling from 20,000 to 40,000 a year.” He was accused hysterically of getting his information from the BNP!
"excuse me"
3) Dougal & Gammer
Seven times in 19 years there are 13 full moons in a calendar year, which means that one season that year has four full moons. When a particular season has four full moons, the third was called a blue moon so that the fourth and final one could continue to be called the late moon.
We just finished planting our 1st veggie garden.
ps. Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite blogs at Company magazine's Blog Awards, head over HERE to submit your vote and to possible win some shopping vouchers as well.
G is for being so gentle and kind
INCLUDES excerpt of Kindle Bestseller Color My Horse by Bev Pettersen
Thousands of documents were seized from Landau’s artifact-filled Manhattan apartment. Prosecutors say he schemed for years, if not decades, to steal valuable documents signed by historical figures from both sides of the Atlantic including George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Marie Antoinette, and Charles Dickens. The oldest document listed in the plea was dated 1479.
Ribbon recycled from flowers
Much of RAND’s work was always ideological, designed to support the American values of individualism and personal gratification as well as to counter Marxism, but its ideological bent was disguised in statistics and equations, which allegedly made its analyses “rational” and “scientific.” Abella writes:
He wields the sword Sarcasm like an extension of himself, fluidly and precisely. He isn’t into purses, but he likes shoes. Guy shoes, you know. He skies and snowboards, but he likes snowboarding better. He doodles, but he doesn’t doodle flowers or horses; he doodles dragons and superheroes and spends time wondering what superpower he would pick if he were to one day get struck by lightning or fall accidentally into a vat of toxic waste. He knows neither of those things will ever happen.
I would take you to Rwanda so you can see how I lived for a couple of years, visit the mountain gorillas, and look for my friend Marie-Josée because she’s awesome and you’d totally get along.
Yet, God had plans for me!
That you will tear yourself from me.
I started with a 2' by 4' piece of prefinished plywood. My dad, who builds cabinetry for a living, let me have this piece from his shop and cut it to size for me. If you don't have a handyman in the family like I do, you can have this done at Home Depot or Lowe's.
However, my newfound friends have found a solution to this problem. They have developed a network of people who run similar businesses within Owino, and rely on people in these networks to extend quick credit to each other in times of deficits.
Alan will be reading extracts from his forthcoming haiku collection due out in the Summer; as well as from the anthology he co-edited with Washington State haiku writer Michael Dylan Welch.
if we dare
Pets that I owned, or owned me: dogs, cats, hamster, bird, Rat, crabs.
Did you watch Reading Rainbow as a kid?
And he was the first socialist ruler to turn to pragmatism in deciding economic policy, thus anticipating China's Deng, Russia's Gorbachev and Britain's Prime Minister Blair by 60 years or more. Europe has still not entirely moved away from direct government participation in industry so Mussolini's influence has stretched far forward right into our time. As one expert (Nicholas Farrell) on the history of Italian Fascism puts it:
We brought him out of the trailer and placed him in his pen, surrounded by a nice electronet fence, charged to it's fullest (it hurts!) The darn thing ran right thru. See two accidental farmers chasing said pig up and down the strawberry patch.
If not for Pinay Fitness who asked me to go with them on a press conference thing, I wouldn't have known that Century Tuna is sponsoring the world's largest triathlon series and that we have a Century Tuna Tri-Hard team. Clearly, in the fitness world, I live under a rock.
Yesterday I took two of my nephews to see The Addams Family. I LOVE musicals (Christina Bainbridge, you and I need to hang out!) but I knew nothing about the Addams Family. Yeah, I've heard of them but I've never seen the show, movie, etc. I was kinda roped into it by accident, thanks to a mistake by my MIL and I wasn't really that interested. However, I ended up being pleasantly surprised! I didn't think the music was great, but it was really funny. And it probably wasn't the most appropriate show for a 7-year old. It wasn't my idea to take him though, so you can't blame me! We did have a great time though.
Will the Circle Be Unbroken--Roy Acuff and His Smokey Mt. Boy, 1940. (Okeh 05567)
Snow days---what every child hopes for and every mother dreads!
Prepare Macaroni and Cheese with milk and butter according to package directions. Heat Chili in a small pan. Stir Chili and Mac and Cheese together. Heat through on low heat to combine flavors.
“Yes, and I imagine the horror of what he’d done dawned on poor Mr. Baines as well. He was, after all, the only child of only children and the legacy of his entire line had been bound up in that child. Is it any wonder he died not long after? Our distant side of the family inherited his holdings and sold them off piecemeal. You owe your college education to that sad turn of events, matter of fact.”
I have climbed another tree
During the seminar Lindel guided us (with the use of the manual and DVD) through many exercises and initiations designed to speed up our vibrations and activate our light body; so that we can embody more light and love, and understand that we are multi-dimensional beings with cells that communicate through the language of light.
5 building
6. Do you consider yourself a speed reader?
Dr Lysander is framed in the door. Tall, thin and white-coated. Dark hair pulled straight back. Thick glasses. She glides, silent as a ghost the whispers say, always seems to know before it happens when someone falls into red. But she’s not like some of the nurses who can bring you back with a hug. She isn’t exactly what you would call nice.
There’s a stranger speaks outside her door
Now I must confess to finding it hard not to re-arrange this one but I kept my hands to myself :-)
I wrote about the mongoose, which were also introduced to St. John and other tropical islands to control rats (which they didn’t), such as the Big Island of Hawaii. Why Did the Mongoose Cross the Road?
Five feet from the car.
However. Against Utd recently, I groaned when i saw the starting line up. Too defensive proclaimed I. A team full of attacking intent I sarcastically tweeted. And yet we took it to the champions, smashing in 4 goals at Old Trafford and having more shots against them for as long as i can remember. The same against Fulham. 4 goals. And yet against Stoke last night we finally play 442, for which many have been clamouring all season and we peter out to a 1-1 draw. Perception of attacking intent is the key. It is the mindset rather than the formation which begets an attacking display.
You may need to click on the chart if a magnifying glass is not handy!
* Spirituality and Gaia
Tolerance and a smile wouldn't hurt either.
Don't have any pics to share of my wonderful life in Menifee... But today in my lesson I got to talk about the Spirit World. I got to share a little bit about my sweet niece Erin. I share these pics with the ladies today. Here are a few flower shots taken the day of her funeral. Those cherry blossoms always bring me peace.
This is my heart – hurriedly photographed so I could catch the post:
Even dreary, overcast days have their moments. In the past week, I've paused in the morning to watch a waterfall of leaves tumbling into the empty canal before a cool, damp wind, and stopped in the evening to admire the way that a grey light reduced the landscape to a simple, but elegant lesson in perspective and geometry.
I had these 9 canvases that I got at the dollar store several years ago & I covered them with patterned paper to make my own "art". After changing them a couple of times, I was ready for something new again.
Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
To end my post on early grief, I would just say, please don't tell me your sorry that I loss my baby. If you lost a child who was of an older age, I wouldn't say, "I'm sorry that you loss your teenager." You would have loss your son/daughter. I loss my son. A little boy that would have ran around with his brother's, rode bikes, ate pizza, played baseball, needed his boo boos to be kissed, blew out birthday candles, opened Christmas presents, went to his first day of Kindergarten, and would have run up to me and wrapped his arms around my legs saying, " I love you mommy." The loss is endless.
with hands calloused and grooved
1½ teaspoons salt
I just received an email today that made me yearn more for summertime it was from Betty Crocker receipes. I want to share this with you because they sound so yummy. I am making sure to put them in a safe place, I have a tendency to delete, so when summer plans are in the making I will be the first to offer a new dessert.
Hatred for what? If Communism, then maybe. I for one hate the ideology of communism with a passion. I hate what it has done to people and countries all over the world. If he meant hatred for blacks, then he is mistaken. It is a myth that the war was white against black.
If you don’t recognize much in the picture (aside from that stole I never seem to work on and the socks that live in my purse without a deadline) that is okay, I finished off a bunch of stuff in the past two weeks, including the other pair of socks and two cowls.
Have a great day darlings!
20) I was an Anthro major/Psych minor.
As Milligan got towards the end of his 'forecast', he said "and now for a look at tonight's weather...", raised the chart (which turned out to be in front of a window), looked through it and announced "looks pretty nice outside tonight, folks..."
Cranberry- The American cranberry bush will do well in loamy, fertile soil.
Klaus Mayer - Flute, Synthesizer
Pia says that these vegetarian sausages were “born out of poverty — a way to make readily available ingredients stand in for more expensive meat”.
It's beautiful Fall weather up here in NY, and we are enjoying every second of it. I hope wherever you are, you're having lovely weather as well.
So I am still not sure if I want to share this with everyone, but decided why not since it is a good thing.
A lesser-known tower, completed in 1860, was named the Victoria Tower in honour of Queen Victoria.
CHU SY, SINGLETON JA, MCCAULEY MM, ORENSTEIN WA, HUGHES JM, MAWLE AC, MODLIN JF. Influenza vaccine for health working adults. J Am Med Assoc 2001; 285: 291-292.
But two boys battling for her heart is just the start. Soon there’s a dead body in the woods, a motorcycle gang on the prowl, and the snow just won’t stop falling. Something evil is at work, and only Faye and best friend Liz can stop it. As Hallowe’en draws near they must uncover the dark and sinister secret... before it’s too late.
The transformation of my son's toddler room into a Big Boy Room was definitely the most rewarding. He is such a sweetheart and had been waiting so patiently for his room to match his maturity. Picturing his expression when I revealed the room to him still brings tears to my eyes. And the fact that this room was featured on numerous sites, including Design*Sponge, Ohdeedoh, BabyCenter, CasaSugar and Centsational Girl, certainly didn't hurt in the attention it received.
As she was prepped, with her husband now gowned by her side, she told me about their miracle. After twenty-one years of marriage, at the age of forty-four, she was about to give birth to her first biological child. She told me about how difficult it been after Jordan's death, how there had been times when they had felt they couldn't go on, that life had seemed hopeless and over for them. They saw this new baby not only as a promise of a new beginning but also as a precious cosmic gift from Jordan. Their excitement stretched like a tent over a framework of hope.
By Alloway's auld haunted kirk.
Choosing your favourite top five every ten weeks
Much on their minds is their new potential for childbearing, an event that for most of human history has been fraught with physical peril.
Don't you think it's interesting???
5. Bite the Bullet – 3:30
Now mister please go easy with me
So... what did you have last weekend? If you're new to the Weekend Eating meme, you can read the rules and get the badge codes HERE. My heartfelt thanks to everyone who joined last week.
Here's the Good News! God is the Judge of the Universe, but He's also a merciful Judge. When we ask, He forgives. How many times have we had to tell our parents, our kids, brothers and sisters, friends, and spouse that we're sorry. Why is it any different with God? He forgives us unconditionally. That means, unlike your friends and family, He remembers it no more. His mercies are new each morning. God is good. It says He is abundant in mercy. That means there's no limit to how many times He'll forgive you. It feels great to be forgiven, it's a balm to our souls and gives us the ability to forgive ourselves.
Liverpool 0-1 Fulham
“We agreed to divide domestic profits 8 to 2 (80% to 20%), and overseas profits 5 to 5 (50%/50%),” Park said. “But excluding last year’s payment of $135,000, they have failed to distribute the profits properly.”
What are the upcoming plans of the band?
And this place is no joke. There are literally THOUSANDS of guards and warriors at the Temple and the surrounding city. It kind of reminds me of "D3 - the Vault of the Drow" in terms of this vast, evil city. How do you infiltrate it? You can't possibly hope to slay 2,000 guards and 5,000 killer frogs. So you need a plan. You need some kind of strategy and stealthy approach.
I think she does a pretty good job with it.
It's the same logic that produced "pre-pone." If you can postpone something by moving it farther away in time, why not prepone something by making it more near? (That sentence, in fact, may not be grammatically correct.)
Then, a number of months ago, I began to have new symptoms -- pulsating pain in my ankle -- so my doctor requested x-rays and based on the results of those, she decided that an osteopathic surgeon should be consulted. That was last fall or early winter, and I had just about given up of ever being called in for an appointment.
So we start off with the fact that the kids will be starting school. Cassie will be entering 10th grade, Jason 4th and Jack 2nd. It's amazing that we've been lucky enough to be stationed here for this long. We arrived in Camp Lejeune at the end of Cassie's 6th grade year (Jason's kindergarten year). Sucks how fast time goes by once you become an adult. Ugh!
I just love how the marshmallow fluff breaks through the chocolate
This week there were two grim news stories illustrating the callousness of American society towards its young adults.
Though my time with Soub's mum were small bits carved out of a busy modern life, I cherish those bits and the woman I came to know and love. Not because she was my beloved's mother, but because she was a wonderful person in her own right who loved to laugh, to gossip, to share a cuppa, and who opened her heart and home to me.
And without further ado, here are the designs that caught my eye for capturing the essence of the 'Christmas in July' challenge ...
The above is no standard issue kitchen. It is stunning. But I think that mismatched stool has been intentionally placed in front of the dishwasher to distract from the black hole it creates in the photo. We are meant to see the fireplace and beautiful windows instead.
The Hunger Games
Ok, So I forgot about my gratitude list until I was too busy getting ready for ARGH to sit at the computer - and then I was gone for this wednesday. So I have two lists I want to do right now before the kids wake up.
Garam Masala : 1tsp
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance- it is the illusion of knowledge."
We are so blessed to have our wonderful family and we celebrated our blessings with a a great feast. Turkey, green bean casserole, cranberry salad, mashed potatoes (with lumps, please), homemade bread, stuffing, pumpkin pie and my sister's cheesecake. Mmm . . . mmm . . . mmm!
In other news, we're still having odd winter weather. We seem to hover around 3-5 inches of snow. It doesn't seem to snow much when it does and then it starts melting within a couple days. We have really cold weather (last night it was in the -20C range) and then a couple days later it will warm up again. We have a crazy amount of ice between our house and the neighbours. Between our dryer vent and their eaves draining, there's a lot of melting/freezing going on.
That hour, o'night's back arch the keystane,
And we all know what that spells, don't we?
These are the truths that Lexi has heard all her life.
This week I finally found my copy of the last issue of "The Mother" magazine. It arrived the morning of the big Autumn clean and ended up tidied into suitcase of prefold nappies??? A nice surprise to come across it yesterday and to delve between the covers of this conscious parenting, gentle, thoughtprovoking magazine.
So, technically, when things like this are said:
P.S.S.S. Don't answer that please. I don't wanna know.
I have felt at times right on the edge. I have been using coping mechanisms a bit such as distraction and running all the stress out of myself to cope. When I think too much about what is happening right now my mind runs off and I am struggling to hold the tears back.
With a few fresh faces, and plenty of old familiar ones from the Winter Course, we started out bright and early at 7:30AM and got off to a great start.
Instead, my brothers and I folded them back up into empty cubes, and made elaborate forts and tunnels out of them in the vacant hay mow of our old barn. We put flattened boxes on the floor so our knees wouldn’t get sore. We spent hours up there being active and creative. And getting hungry.
I also don’t seem to have had a chain last more than a couple of years even though I doubt I’ve cycled more than about 4000 miles a year. And when the chain needs replacing, more than likely so does the rear cassette, at which point I realise I’ve only ever really used 3 of the 8 cogs.
He comes into the kitchen, sniffing and making a move to look into the pots. No! It's not there! I say sharply before he looks. Uh... leave the pots.
Husband and I have been working on the garage for several weekends now. I didn't take any before pictures, but it was full. I am talking lets get the cameras here for a hoarding episode, full. The garage is a single, filled to capacity. When we closed our welding shop down a couple years ago, all of our leftover equipment and stock, we didn't sell, came home........to the garage........the already overfull garage.
Sliced black olives
Maisa: Ms. Anwaar, we are very sorry for this intrusion, but we felt that we had to follow you so that we can protect you.
Of cheery cherries and playful pears,
ABM may argue that they have studied and discussed such experiences. But busy librarians can not learn about indicators from debates that take place in committees rooms and behind closed doors. Like the sciences, professions need to discuss and exchange arguments in public.
The party says in its papers that a state bank should not only be defined in terms of ownership, but in terms of the services that are delivered by Post Bank.
"Last Journey: A Father and Son in Wartime" has received warm reviews. In the seventh year of the war, myriad books on Iraq have sprouted on store shelves. But this has been lauded for its unique voice.
their milk into a stainless steel can–
Alcohol is the single best innovation to get past rejection. Going up to a girl dead sober without an established skill set or boy band looks is almost always met with hostile eyebrows and a cold shoulder. Its like tightroping with a safety net. You know the net is there in case you trip and fall. The same can be said about alcohol. You can blame the unsuccessful proposition on your lack of sobriety, slurred speech and vomit-stained cardigan. Also, memory loss is a side effect of alcohol, so you might not even remember it the next day. Win! Girls are much more approachable in social situations and sparking a conversation can be quite easy. If your cards are played right, you could be using the guest closet as a romping room in mere minutes, depending on her social graces.
The films which I’ve been writing about lately have all been fairly heavy on symbolism and meaning, so maybe it’s time to dip into something lighter for a change. As such, I feel that a tight, solid mystery that has no pretensions of being anything other than a piece of entertainment is as good a choice as any under the circumstances. This seems a fair summation of 23 Paces to Baker Street (1956) – a not especially well-known thriller that nevertheless features an intriguing plot and polished, professional work from all the participants. The movie belongs in a small sub-genre of films (e.g. The Spiral Staircase, Rear Window, Wait Until Dark) where the hero/protagonist is suffering from either a temporary or permanent disability. There’s nothing particularly exploitative about these films, the disability in question serving merely as a means of increasing tension or suspense – and often, paradoxically, emphasising the superiority of the hero over the villain.
Step Two: Before the rebuilding can commence, the Fire Marshall has to come out to inspect the site and issue a building permit. That’s when the bomb drops.
So while we do find many differences between the Quran and the Chumash, that is when we relate to the two Scriptures as pure texts, not as holy religious scriptures. In that matter the reverence shown them by their followers, shows a very similar attitude.
V) When Pliny the 'Younger' was older he married
Your skill ranges equate to what digsites open up, in the same way as the other professions. 1-300 is in Azeroth, 300-375 is in Outland, 375-450 is in Northrend, and 450-525 is Cataclysm areas. There’s no limitations to where you do the digs, so in the same way as fishing, if you wanted to do your entire process in Azeroth you certainly could. The only thing is that there are only certain places the ruins open up.
It being late and the evening filled with marking I am ransacking old articles and have found this one from 1993. It appeared originally in Modern Painters, reviewing Bill Brandt: Photographs 1928-1983 at The Barbican and Bill Brandt: The Assemblages and Associated Vintage Prints at Reeds Wharf Gallery.
Before I begin, please note that I used ALL items from around my house. I'm limiting myself from new projects/crafts until I can make use of what I have. This pressure to use things I own has made me more creative. I was just gonna hang this frame alone on my wall and put a moss letter in there, instead I got sick of staring at the left over foam from my chair redo- (since I paid full price, I didn't throw away a single scrap of the foam...) and thus, this project was born...!!
Tomorrow morning I'm off to spend a few days visiting some of my best friends in California. I'll be in Berkeley for a couple of days before driving down to Santa Cruz (preferably along the coast listening to Burt Bacharach-that might be a long shot though) so i'm particularly looking forward to boogieing with my crew and actually feeling semi-presentable in some new (to me) clothes.
Jim and Mary were both patients in
And no, you are not the first white person I have ever seen.
Worried- that he might not want anything to do with us.
from the church.
I abhor laziness in others, despite being awfully lazy myself for most of this year.
For now, that's all the productivity I have to show you. I still get tired easily and have to have a nap at some point during the day - even 30 minutes is helpful. But as the to-do list gets dwindled down, I'm hoping the tiredness will do the same! Thank you to everyone who has emailed, written, and phoned to wish me well, send prayers of better health and comfort, and offer your encouragement. Dare I say I'm finally on the mend without "jinxing" it?! Good thing I don't really believe in that sort of thing!
NEXT MOVIE: Edward Scissorhands (1990)
조금 더 빠져봐 baby
In short she is not the kind of young woman who might naturally be associated with Britain's spiralling binge-drinking youth culture.
I'm not sweating it. They're on track to wrap up most of their work before the summer, and they love spending extra time with their drama buddies. They'll fully enjoy these three days, and be exhausted at the end of them. As for me, aside from the extra driving to their performance venue, I'll enjoy this mini-break from our routine also. I'll have more one on one time with D-boy and some extra time to get things done around the house. Maybe, just maybe, I'll even get a moment or two to do nothing. Nah, that's crazy talk.
Could it be the project has bitten me in the rear end? Does the possibility and knowledge of completing so many dates in a summer take away from focusing on the man at present? Or have I been allowed to explore more, look for deeper connections, so I am not just falling into old patterns of "eh, you're not so bad"-relationships that inevitably end? Maybe it's something in between. Maybe I have been allowed to look but, truth be told, I have no idea what on earth I am looking for.
He would never get out of a wheel chair, said the physical therapist.
The whole point of this exercise was to boost the circulation figures of the Journal’s European edition to prop up ad rates. How, in the name of all things good and holy, does this not constitute massive-scale fraud on advertisers? Not to mention fraud on readers who now get slanted positive coverage of the groups that helped the journal perpetuate this scam on advertisers. And what does this say for the audit bureau’s credibility that they legitimized this rip off? But wait, it actually gets worse!
Yellow Mustard.
Ab Tamboer: Drums (tracks 11, 12)
Something about Pevan. His... sister? Or was that Dora? With the way she was always teasing him, she might as well be. Which of them was he thinking about? Dora, with her boyish body but oh-so-feminine hands. No, that was Pevan. Dora had the eyes. His eyes were boiling. Third time round the door. Did he have eyes? Surely if he did, they’d be open, and he’d be able to see the hillside a hundred feet below, and Nursim in front of him if he raised his head a little.
Allow me to begin with a nice healthy rant. Here in Norway we don't have any convenient fabric shop chains like I enjoyed when we lived in the States. Here my only option is the local, often poorly stocked and messy haberdashery. I buy my pretty satin bias binding by the meter/ yard from a roll (about $6 per yard, ouch!). I recently asked for 1 meter and watched as it was measured out and cut before my eyes. Then I got it home and realized that the shop attendant had carefully concealed between pinched fingers the fact that the length was cut right in the middle and TAPED together. I was furious. I needed the whole thing to be one continuous piece!
Needless to say, the dining room table got a new look.
How about the people for whom the building forms a working and sometimes even living environment? The brigade is made up of around 150 full-time emergency workers, who are supported by around 50 voluntary staff and a team of 35 junior firefighters. The Benauge emergency services, which are called out on average 9,000 times a year, cover 13 administrative towns (“communes”), ranging from the narrow roads of some of the central Bordeaux districts to the residential streets of the eastern suburbs and the wide open spaces of more distant rural environments.
Shabaab in South Africa after the sudden, temporary closure of the United States embassy in Pretoria. This followed after ‘a call was monitored’ between members of Al-Shabaab in Cape Town and in Somalia – and which call had dealt with ways in which US interests could be attacked in South Africa. Apparently the attack was being planned in revenge of the death of al-Shabaab leader Adan Hashi Ayro - the group's military leader who was killed in a US missile attack on May 1 2009.
Created in Jeannie’s wonderful collage style, the pages of this story are two stories opening from the inside out, the two stories to be read "side-by-side".
Whose warm handclasp is always yours -
I hope whatever you have planned, you enjoy your holiday if you celebrate it. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone.
The reason the great Jamaican stuff deepend over time, over years, not with nostalgia but with meaning and nuance, is that it’s spiritual music. That’s the anomaly underlying its power. It’s spiritual pop – not in a calculated way, like Christian rock, but in a way that comes from within. Rastafarianism, when it seized Kingston’s emerging record industry as a means for expressing its existence and point of view, made this possible. In the States, rock ‘n’ roll is always on some level a move away from God into the devil’s music, but in Jamaica the cultural conditions were different. Pop grew toward Jah. (280)
Now, let's get the party started.
Good hustle player and good production with 26.0 tackles for loss and 14 sacks. Better run Defender then pass rusher.
At this activity day I was chatting to a service provider of activities for children with additional needs. The ultimate aim, he said, would be equality to the point where disabled children got to hang around on street corners. And I said yes. Yes. YES. I want my child to be able to hang around on street corners.
The Bramling Cross had very large vivid green cones and were ready to harvest a week or two before the Target. To be honest, I probably harvested them a week too late. Many of the cones had begun to be tinged with brown, but I couldn't pick any sooner as we caught the tail end of Hurricane Katia just when I wanted to harvest and it became too wet.
Thurman began her career as a fashion model at age 15, and signed with the agency Click Models. She made her movie debut in 1988, appearing in four films that year, none of them a box office success. Her breakthrough came in her role as Cecile de Volanges in Dangerous Liaisons, but uncomfortable about her role and her success she fled to England.
Valid XHTML
After eating right, the next best thing you can do for your heart is to take it on a walk. No literally, go for a walk! It doesn’t take much exercise to lower your risk of heart disease. The American Heart Association recommends just 30 minutes a day on most days to help reduce your risk of heart disease. And we’re not talking about marathon training here either people, it’s something as simple as taking a brisk walk with the girls to catch up instead of your usual weekly lunch date. The point is to get your heart working a little harder than when your sitting at your desk the other 10 hours of the day. Little changes in your life will translate into huge impacts in both your heart and quality of life.
With the new walls, wall colour, furniture, lamps, bed and bedding the room has transformed into a very charming bedroom. All done, the last thing on my agenda Friday was getting the headboard mounted just in time for the first guests to arrive on the weekend. I snapped off this picture very quickly, sorry for the quality.
Celandine is in the poppy family. Along with the pretty flowers of bloodroot, which I would love to have in our yard. The sap contains red latex, which can cause skin and eye irritation. Of course, poppy is also where morphine was derived. In ancient times an herbal preparation was used as an analgesic and sedative. That’s a fun aside, but I would not try it myself.
There’s one common theme among all farmers on March 31 though: excitement for planting.
David Gregory Arce, 36, New York, N.Y.
Request No. 4
There used to be a giant penis sculpture in front of the sex theatre that erupted every hour (only water came out, you’d have to pay for anything more) but it was removed a few years ago because apparently even the RLD has its limits. Who woulda thought?
It's interesting how attractive archery can be if it's organised the right way. You can't say duels are boring. The archers still shoot at the targets, not at each other, of course. But they compete in pairs against each other. And the best one qualifies for the next round. Not me, but you know what I mean. I'd love to upload some photos and I will as soon as I get them and as soon as I delete some from my web gallery.
I think you guys will understand when I tell you I have a Problem. A Book Problem. In that if I see something I want, I will snatch it up, regardless of how many more books I have waiting for me. This leads to a sizable backlog in my To Read pile. And between a trip to Chamblin Bookmine (pictured above) with my mom, all the free books I snagged in San Diego, and the inevitable trek to the Borders sale, my pile is getting bigger and bigger.
How do you get the remaining pages to stay together, and stay put? When I pop in the shadowbox I make sure there is sufficient glue holding it in - all edges are covered with a PVA glue. The remaining pages I tend to dab a bit of glue in between every 5- 10 pages - also by painting the edges of the book with a glue tends to help it stay together (I haven't done it with this book though - a bit slack at 2am in the morning lol!)
Little One is mostly potty trained! She still wears a pull up to bed because we don't have a washer/dryer to was the sheets in case she wets the bed during the night. She's been doing so well though telling us when she has to go pee pee or poo poo!
KRYON
They may try and sell ya,
This is the rules for the Themed Wednesdays post, just in case you were wondering what they are.
OMG - other medical guru
for God himself is judge.
Nobody says that, right? I mean unless you’re dating? It’s not like you tell whoever flashed by your inner eye that they did indeed flash by your inner eye. Naked.
While each has some strong points about them, none of them are what we need.
They can tell stories, bring new energy to life, help us to shapeshift and transform,
Overall, it was an interesting - not to mention nerve-wracking - experience. But good fun for catching up with old friends and contacts and making some new ones.
10) How many pounds gone forever are you celebrating?? :)
Well, before I go any further, let me make one thing clear. Be under no illusion - the transition absolutely does effect things.
You hate to feel this way.
Many fanks I deu owe to my the Aunt Dav & Uncle Benjy!
What fun! It was a cloud-free, hot summer’s day but a gentle cooling breeze guided us gently through the steel girders and artfully strung cables that make the Brooklyn Bridge the icon it is today. Great views across the East River and NYC’s downtown skyline, framed by the lines and squares of the bridge cables, made it quite thrilling, despite the heat haze. It’s only a 20-minute or so amble and was really worthwhile.
This sounds like the norm for many people but for me for the last 10 years or so I have been fortunate to drive to work and it was usually a 10 minute drive to work so jumping on a bus will be an adjustment!!
On low heat in a pan, melt 1 tbsp butter, brush sides of pan with melted butter. Turn heat up to med-high. Place unwrapped caramel candies in the pan a few at a time, letting them melt before adding more. This will prevent burning. Stir frequently, scraping bottom of pan, for about 10-15 minutes and all candy is melted. Dip pretzels in caramel and place on wax paper. Allow to cool at room temperature until caramel is stiff. Wrap individually or group them in bags. Tie with a pretty bow.
Like 99% of you, I didn’t know Dick Clark. He could have been a wonderful man or a terrible man, I really don’t know.
Haagen Dazs ‘Five’ Vanilla Bean ice cream
Moreover, all the drivers I know are smart people. If we're at your house at 5:05 am for a 5:15 am pickup, we won't ring the doorbell. I have no clue as to how your household's constituted - who sleeps late, who rises early, whether there are children, whether your wife got up at 4:00 am to cook you pancakes.
What? I thought she had beads to give away!
LS: I struggle with feeling burnt out and uninspired. Even though I only have a few produced scripts, I feel like I've been writing a long time. Sometimes it's hard to live in LA. The same things that make it great can also make it feel overwhelming. Thinking as a director now, it's harder to write a first draft freely, beginning to end, warts and all, and then give myself the space to fix stuff in later drafts. I find myself rewriting as I go, which can be helpful, but slower. Now I struggle with "what's next". I feel like I threw the kitchen sink at "Seeking A Friend". It explores so many of the themes that swim in my head, and the high concept made it easier to write character-driven scenes within set-pieces. Point is, I'm in my head too much and should probably get some fresh air.
Huh. We'd worked on having it not just be about the beer, because Stoudt's excels at making it about everything: the restaurant, the entertainment, bread baking, cheese making, their Stoudtburg village next door...it's all pretty cool (and the cheese is fricking awesome). But PBS is calling the shots at this point, and I could hardly argue with them wanting more beer in it, so I crammed an email full of as much info as I could get down in five minutes about what makes Stoudt's beers work, and what makes them different, and yeast, and hops, and malt; told Rudy that if he needed it, I could do voiceover work at the studio on Saturday, and ran out the door.
The line is dead. I stand and stare helplessly at the phone. And wait. Twenty minutes, half an hour, a year later it seems, she phones. He's okay she says the police are here. He has been shot in the leg. They think its a high powered air rifle. He has a nasty wound in his thigh. The armed response unit are here.
While we try to make more and more movies, all the more we are trapped into some sort of conventional formats of movie making. It’s like they’re all the same if you try to observe. That’s why seldom do I watch Filipino horror, it does not appear to be real. Why? Because the story is lacking. We get one point and then we just complicate. Like in the movie Dalaw (Kris Aquino) which disappointed me the most, the whole point of the movie is just about revenge of a mistress, not to mention the ineffective acting of Manang Olga, and the hilarious scream “Paolooooo!”. We lack the element of suspense, mystery, technicality, and evolving cinematography. There are only few horror movies that I appreciated. Some of them are Sigaw (The Echo), Ouija, Matakot ka sa Kulam, and just recently, The Road. What do they have in common? Story and good direction.
-Whitmire thinks Demick is too sarcastic
Prep. time: 3 min.
They have been nesting there for at least ten years. Note that the garden center has two pallets that are left alone for the owls to nest on (marked “OWL NEST” in one of the pictures), which I find endearing. You can see where there have been hanging out because there are streaks of poop on the wall. They do fly off to forage, but nest there in the garden center. They have successfully brought off chicks!
i was invited last week to an event put on by tana and melanie for their new site mom's best HOT products. it was a beautiful event and you can see more of the images from the evening taken by bri here. food was delicious & the company was awesome! i created a couple logos for tana a while ago, including her current site's logo--so it was fun to meet up with her!
Were dolphin-like; they show’d his back above
Hunger – I’m quite certain the last thing males want to do after having the pearls batted around is eat. Well thanks to hormones that’s all we want to do. Not normal food or average portions either.
Three years *gasp*!!!!
Among the report’s findings:
(Random Thought: Is it possible I needed that hemorrhoidectomy due to my intense dislike of tight asses? Could I have subsconsciously loosened mine every time some bitch in a bad uniform annoyed me?)
Nancy’s aggressive use of sign language has also impressed her parents. Take an example of standing next to a pot if she needs drinking water and stretching her hand for food whenever she’s hungry.
Then, last night, I received this email from her.
ブッダ：まぁ、その章はポルノが親密な意味のある愛と売り物のエンターテイメント用のセックスと混同させるから、ポルノに影響される人たちにとって異性と親密な関係を築くのを難しくさせるって話。ジェームソンある？
14.Talking About My Girl
“I thought 3 had been retired,” the pilot grimaced.
162. “A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it.” – Francis Bacon
SAT -- bluh. That sort of deserves a post of its own.
So then we were hanging out inside the house. There was a relatively large hangout — me and my friends, and then someone else and their friends. It reminded me of years ago at Shannon & Christian’s when Summer lived downstairs and her friends would be hanging out at the same time we were. “The others”. We had the news on to hear if there was anything about the airplane crash.
On the occasions that we do see each other, Honey will usually travel to me, we'll plug in a couple of guitars and without even speaking we'll 'jam', for want of a better word, for hours at a time. Even though much of that stuff never makes it to tape, it can be magical. As I say, I'm no musician, but Honey is about the only person I can feel comfortable enough with to pretend I am one. She is very generous in that respect and seems to enjoy those moments as much as I do.
the old drawer shut, thunk
Today was just as busy. We had the 2 mile walk in the morning, then lunch at my grandma's. After lunch, we hit up the zoo for a couple of hours! We did eat out again for dinner (Jasons Deli tho, and both of us can eat there for 10 bucks or less). And then this evening, we joined my best friend and her little boy for a grown-up (although PG) movie. We didn't get home til late, but it sure was fun!
Progress is moving quickly now in the bathroom....it's amazing what can happen when PROFESSIONALS do the job! W3Tile is now on the job....yay Wes! This guy works FAST. And I don't mean just kinda fast....I mean SUPER fast! This was the floor at the end of yesterday....all leveled with the fancy tile backer stuff.
On the stage, the holograms of nine dead historians lounged in oversized armchairs. They went down the line with intros, and then it was his turn.
In the same way that we fall into the arms of a loved one or drop our heads on the pillow at night, we can surrender into the beauty and truth of who and what we really are. Falling into Grace is a book that gets to the core of why we suffer. It is Adyashanti’s invitation “to be taken by a moment of grace and fall into a sense of life when it is not separate from you, when life is actually an expression of something indefinable, mysterious, and immense.”
1. Secular separation between religion and state; or theocracy with syaria law?
strawberries – a regular pound size container that are almost the point where they are too ripe. The darker the berry, the sweeter the juice I always say.
On the day of Pentecost, ten days later, His Apostles were transformed when they received the Holy Spirit and began converting thousands and organizing the Church.
Initially the SWP member present seemed to oppose this idea and said it wasn't important to back such a demo! He even went as far as to say that the campaign to stop the BNP in the Euro-elections was not a failure! At this point I had to interrupt to point out that the BNP did get elected so it quite clearly was a failure, one we must all learn from. Eventually seeing that the tide had turned and the majority in the room supported the strategy of a real class alternative it was agreed that Cardiff UAF would publicise both YFJ demonstrations. This has not always been the case and in the past leading figures in UAF generally from the SWP have blocked this kind of support for a class based demonstration, nevertheless this change is most certainly welcome.
The truth about being a bereaved mother is that it is exhausting. We cry until our tears become leather. Night after night, we beg God or Jehovah or Yahweh or Allah or Mother Earth for just one more day with our children. We cannot find our keys or our toothbrush or our parked car or our hearts. We strive to uncover the "why" but there are no good answers to those countless questions which taunt us and eventually collect webs in the backs of our minds.
Here is my offering.
We were in the liberal echo chamber last night and saw the video of an embarrassed John McCain forced to defend Barak Obama.
Lookin' back now I can see me
I must know more. I just find it hard to wrap my head around this happening to people. And the fact that it is so common - that most every person has experienced this sheer lack of humanity MORE THAN ONCE, that people are capable of this! - boggles the mind.
1/2 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled
then there is the fair cake team- shikhita, jess and jess! they are just the loveliest, sweetest bunch of girls and so much fun to hang out with, thanks so much guys for making me feel at home! here is a cute pic of us all before heading for a night out!
From the point of view of the residents, the effort had a number of surprising benefits. First, it alerted the rest of the New York metropolitan area that there really were actually people who lived in Hell’s Kitchen for whom pornography was not a victimless crime. Second it strengthened the backbone of Mayor Beame’s augmented Times Square anti-pornography task force to seek to shut down pornographic businesses, and of the local police to more aggressively try to arrest prostitutes. (prostitution after all was a crime, though hardly prosecuted under the Lindsay administration). Third, having groups of middle class people confronting the prostitutes and pimps who thought they owned the streets made them less cocky and brazen. Fourth there developed a comraderie and greater sense of community among the residents who participated. Later theater owners, such as Gerald Schonfeld provided financial backing, and women’s groups joined the effort with pornography tours.
Having been married for 14-years, their relationship is one of the few Hollywood successes.
JAMMERS
Christmas At The Creek
I didn't take pics of the installation part of this project, because I was working like a crazy mad woman to get it all done before my son woke up from his nap. You basically take the mortar and mix it like the directions say -- water and the mortar, mix it up -- that's it! Make sure to do this outside with a mask on.
We've been in Dar for almost 2 weeks now and still no sign of baby's arrival. I'll post more about our time here soon.
When BBC TV, ITV, Channel 4, Channel 5 or Sky buy a major blockbuster movie, the distributors tend to tell them they can only have it if they also buy a bundle of less-good movies as part of the deal. That feels like good marketing by the distributors, rather than blackmail or corruption.
Then where does the 1 in 166 prevalence figure came from? The source Autism Speaks provided, Bertrand et al. (2001), does not report this figure. Autism Speaks' epidemiological expert, Michael Rosanoff, helpfully informed me that Autism Speaks was using figures from the US only, in calculating the Autism Speaks 1.5 million.
When I published my list of the Top 50 Greatest Drinking Songs of All-Time back in August 2006 it caused a few debates and remains as one of the top viewed entries on Lyke2Drink. With a little help from some friends and suggestions from loyal readers, I've decided to revise and expand the list. After all, music and drinking just kind of go together -- especially in these tunes.
When the brightness
the last two weeks, the curriculum theme was transportation.
Friend: "That date is no where near as bad as what you hinted it would be."
Speaking of Kid Cudi, this Summer he teamed up with Bethany Cosentino of Best Coast, and Rostam Batmanglij of Vampire Weekend to create one of the best tracks to leak out of the dog days, the little-known Converse release, “All Summer.” These three giants of modern Indie Music have created the perfect song for those of you who want to punch Fall in the face, knocking it back into dormancy for a few more weeks. “All Summer” was written by Batmanglij and features Cudi spitting nostalgic verses with lush imagery of Summer days and nights past, and a catchy bubble-gum pop chorus bred from the ghostly vocals of Cosentino.
Now there is the whining of cargo plane engines. My husband sits next to me and tells me their names. He tells me why he knows which ones they are. It is because of a whine they make, high pitched and piercing. Its different from engine to engine. I lie in bed and hear them taking off and landing. The line is nowhere near my house, yet they are still loud enough to hear. They are loud enough for him to know.
Being such a huge Jeaniene Frost, I automatically bought this book without putting much thought into it. Why would I? I loved her books! But reading as many books as I do, sometimes I only have a hazy memory of what happened in the previous book. This was the case with This Side of the Grave, I couldn't remember too much of what happened, so before I opened One Grave at a Time, I reread my review of the previous book. Which reminded me that I found the last book a little disappointing. There was a "Oh no!" moment, worrying that this book might go along the same route, but I pushed it aside. Different book, different story, no reason why it should be disappointing. And it wa a lot better than the previous one!
I have the whole day ahead of me here in London. Where shall I go? Maybe to check out one or two things? Is the Draft House cask beer any good? Is the Southampton Arms still buzzing? What about Mason and Taylor, not far at all and like the Draft House, shall we say challenged in the cask ale department, at least it was previously? That certainly could do with a check, as similar to the Draft House, I like the place immensely, but not so much the warm beer. Maybe Welsh beer at the Rake? I know. Welsh beer, but still.
Yes, yes, I realize that my instructions for the HappyU exercise only used up sixty of the seventy seconds. What should you do for the last ten seconds? How should I know? You are your own person and can use this ten seconds as you like. In fact you can make changes in this exercise and customize it to your liking. The important thing is to find a way to change your mood in seventy seconds so that you can have more fun. And believe me, if you are having more fun, the people around you will also. Fun is contagious.
Thor: He’s my brother
Our futures are all we have, those mysterious sequences of physical and mental experiences that build our lives. So we can cope with the 102-year-old woman who falls asleep one night and doesn’t wake up. Even though it hurts and we may feel like crawling into a corner and bawling our eyes out until the world makes sense, we can move on after losing a grandparent – but it’s hard to accept that we may lose a teenager, a child, or an infant.
She was a flapper in the roaring '20s of Chicago. After nine years of courtship her father finally permitted the marriage. (They loved her Bill, but he had to establish himself first, and my mother was only 14 when they met.)
bitten: no
An Object of Beauty had an art theme, and we sometimes try to match our refreshments, or decorations, or both, to the theme of our book. So...what should I do? Ah ha! I'll get out one of my favorite go-to treat books and look for the perfect desert.
This one is in the kitchen and involves…can you guess?? I’m sure you’ll be shocked.
When i use to cry…
This newly discovered stereo recording captures the atmosphere of the concert really well and must have been taped using high quality equipment (I would guess chrome tapes and a Nakamichi). The sound is consistently warm, dynamic and detailed - basically all you could hope for from an audience recording of a Wall concert from this era.
And, the Corp is "not ruling out" larger releases. This has generated a lot of anger. People feel helpless because the Corps has complete power over the river system, and many see it as an unfeeling, uncaring government entity. Lots of people have also expressed the opinion that the Corps has known about this snow pack for a long time and could have alleviated the situation by beginning releases a while ago.
The big-budget drama of TBS, “Nankyoku Tairiku“, also slightly recovered from last week’s nosedive, but can they really be satisfied with ‘only’ 15.0% (+1.6%)? Maybe they should give the actual protagonists, the huskies, more screen time than the actors, or give Ashida Mana more scenes…
Here I stand, exposed but covered by grace, broken but beautiful.
1 transforms
She's slipping out of the backyard of my heart this morning...and skipping off down the street to her first day of school. And never again will she be completely mine.
The facade that you pulled
Ph: 317-602-3931
- Mercedes Bargeboards
Don’t be shy…
Verdict: Not OP. Keep him at a distance, fire him down if he’s not glowing and run if he is, and above all try not to be set on fire for the good of everyone, just to reduce the chance of crits.
I’ll still be sore Monday, but I appreciate the sentiment.
11 Home (Clarkson, Clarkson, Steeden) 3:35
1 Tbs tomato paste
Literally. A worker fell. She was ill and needed an ambulance. I helped while they went to get help. I blocked the hallway so no kids could come out. Then I blocked the other side of the hallway so no one crowded around her.
I’ve always like to pool paint or ink on a surface and trying to control its patterns with varying degrees of success, creating drips and splatters. It’s my old friends chaos and control coming to the fore again and again…
The discussion moved into talking about writing what readers want. Crais commented that he could create a poll and ask readers if Lucy and Elvis should get married, or if he should let Lucy be hit by a truck. He hypothesized that perhaps 60% might say, 'let them get married.' If he wrote that book, then those who wanted her hit by a truck wouldn't read it, and those who wanted her to get married would already know the ending, so they wouldn't read it either.
but at least I’ve tried.
Back to a Monday rehearsal this week. Prepping some new material for recording in a couple of weeks' time. We also had a meeting with an industry insider to discuss global expansion and plans for an exciting 2010.
Addressing the California delegation at the Republican convention, he told them, “The real question for 1988 is whether we’re going to go forward to tomorrow or past to the—to the back!”
5. It's important to get off your blog if you want to build your blog. But every step you take takes time. A lot of time. Find your own rhythm with it all.
mixes each and every mix is hand measured
1. Elemental
Hi Folks! I was reading this blog post about product-recall-mania today and nodded along with so much of it, I asked the writer, Julie Colwell, if I could post it and she said sure. So here it is, slightly edited:
And now a confession, I am a horrible editor i can't do it. So i have a girl her a friend of mine that helps me with it shows me what i need to edit and changes small things herself. This is me giving her an awesome thank you and the credit she deserves since her name does not appear on my stories so Rebecca THANK YOU!!! i am always in your debt for helping me!
4. Gently fold the ground almond and icing sugar mixture into the egg whites until it resembles shaving foam and falls in ribbons.
Q2: Balancing books is badly needed. How much budget is the council free to spend?
10. During the time my wife and I lived in Knoxville, TN my father and high-school aged brothers visited us on vacation. One day, while my wife was at school, the group of us guys headed to the Great Smoky Mountain National Park for the traditional motor tour of Clingsman Dome and Cades Cove. While in the Cove, we stretched our legs for a few miles on the Rich Mountain Trail. About a half-mile into the woods we came upon two bucks locked in battle pushing each other all over the forest floor. It was late fall, so maybe they were in rut, vying for the right to mate with the does in the area. It was such a violent sight. They would drive away at each other, quite willing to stab the other with their antlers if necessary. Fortunately that did not happen here, but it was quite a sight I will not soon forget.
We were quiet for a few minutes. I leaned my head on his chest and listened to the sound of his breathing.
into something else
We have been given back the keys to our flat and we are moving stuff over.
MS: Troy, as we talk today, we need a working definition of what porn is. How would you define it?
Despite all of these things - the one thing which will stay with me for ever are the friends I have made along the way. There are 5 of us who regularly run the Pack - me and one other every week, the other 3 pop in and out to help keep the adult : child ratio correct but have also done their fair share of every week as well over the years, but now due to proper job and life commitments, have had to reduce the amount of time they can share with us.
He had the entire day to plan it out and to see what type of life had eluded him all these years. He found Minerva’s panties, all powder blue and lacy balled up next to the wash, they were still moist and he couldn’t help but inhale their aroma of sex. He wouldn’t be denied tonight, he’d get some of that before Trey got home, He’d also make sure Trey would never want a taste of her ever again, the razor blades would see to that.
Friday was Ry's last day with the babysitter she has had for a long time. Unfortunately, I had to make a tough decision, and I made it. I would never have expected the long chain of consequences to result from that decision, but it is what it is. I have to put my daughter's needs and our ability to have a happy life first.
(Optional: preheat oven to 300 degrees F. to keep Potato Latkes warm on a baking sheet, with paper towel liner removed, until serving time.)
Well, the Cults got me. From top to bottom, this album is full of songs that make me feel like a kid again. After starting with the one-two punch of Abducted and Go Outside, the album continues with strong tunes showcasing Madeline Follin’s 60′s girl-pop ready voice and music heavy on catchy guitar riffs and piano/organ combos. I could go on about their influences, but I’d rather talk about a song nestled toward the end of the record that I keep coming back to, Bad Things.
-Caitlin G.
Before I had kids I used to think answering a child's questions was a wonderful way to help that child grow and become a better human being. I was eager to respond to any child's general inquiries about life and the world, to have the opportunity to share my knowledge and help that child learn.
Organisers believed Maire, who was born in Canada and now lives in Galway with her boyfriend, was eligible when entering the competition.However, they recently learned the brunette beauty is ineligible as she doesn’t fit in with the Miss World rule that all contestants must be under 26 on August 1.In a statement, Miss Ireland chiefs Brendan Scully and Sean Montague insisted they’d no idea the part-time model was outside the strict age bracket for the competition.They said: “Maire Hughes had a meeting with Miss Ireland organisers after the event on Sunday, April 29, to outline her duties and responsibilities as Miss Ireland. “At the meeting it transpired Miss Hughes is 25 but would be 26 going to Inner Mongolia to represent Ireland. We immediately contacted Miss World officials to clarify the rules regarding the age of entrants and unfortunately Miss Hughes doesn’t meet the criteria.”
The episode also stars Bill Bailey and Arabella Weir.
Half a small chicken (about 400 to 450 gm)
Hicky from Shuffle (Melbourne / Japan)
It is shocking that McBride's subordinates threatened people on the scene of the accident with firearms, Johnson said. "Residents of the country deserve better."
Within my chest.
Living in God’s presence under the shelter of His provision and protection is a result of submission to Him and obeying His voice because we love Him and choose to live for Him rather than for ourselves. As we choose to live in this place of abundant life in Christ, when we call out to God, He comes to us, saves us, delivers us, protects us, guards us, answers us, rescues us, honors and satisfies us (Psalm 91:14-16). Now that’s abundant life! A place where our prayers meet God’s provision and protection. I hope you’ll read and internalize this powerful Psalm.
I love things with multipurpose!
THEY OFFERED TO PARTNER WITH CHINA IN WORLD DICTATORSHIP
9: The Sun has entered Capricorn when it begins moving north for six months. It has entered Cancer when it begins moving south for six months.
2. Add the veggies, onion, and garlic and saute until the veggies are tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
So...long story short (too late, I know!): It was for THIS is the reason I decided to finally hire a web design company to build my new website. (The awesomeness of Hanee Designs) Since building websites is clearly in my Zone of Competence (and sometimes even in my Zone of Incompetence) so that I could spend more time living in my Zone of Genius. Meaning, spending more time brainstorming and writing books!
Lions center Dominic Raiola has a different mindset about playing in the NFL. Raiola knows that it's a brutal game and doesn't have any regrets. He knows what he signed up for and says he wouldn't think of ever suing the league.
Just now I have read a good post about making money online with paid forum posting and being an active member of forum community I decided to give it a try. The website I want to speak about is called PostLoop.com.
And for a bonus, we ran into some people we had not seen for many months, or even years.
You have until May 14th to show us how you make your favorite Copic clouds. We'd love to see 'em!
All this cold weather talk has me longing for SPRING and those warm weather fashions. Perfect timing for today’s giveaway from La Posh Style, a small online boutique. Here’s a sample of their fabulous collection of dresses:
Not pretty: Ms Avins described skinning the creature as ‘horrific’ and found herself crying by the end of the process, when she finally held the full pelt in her hands
if I push me arms into me sides,
I’d have to say all four of those resonate with me, to some extent.
Wearing his grin, Horrow asked Ratner, "Do you see the Brooklyn brand and new facility as a recruiting advantage?
I will also soon be posting a whole load of photographs of the new little lady! She is ever so cute and so far has been an absolute angel!! I couldn't be happier!!
Do your pets gather around you when you are at the computer?
The fact attainment was out of...
The salesman with whom I began this post should, if he was a good salesman, have known that Spain (or the rest of Europe) is not the USA. Successful sales professionals from distant lands have taken on a Spanish persona to accomplish their goals. Be warned, many are bewitched by the country and never return home.
"Yeah. We're supposed to write down everything we eat for the week."
I’m thinking of a couple of friends of mine.
Climbing Stairs – Not a Problem Anymore
Logan has had kind of a taking spurt. He pulls stuff out sometimes we had no idea he knew. I think between Hayden's LOUD personality. And Olivia's chatty-cathy-ness. He just can't get a word in! Literally! His speech is still usually less clear than the other two. And he has some "words" that I have no idea why he says what he says. For example he calls Francesco from the CARS movie "Da-man." NO IDEA!
Wild Billy's Circus Story
other amounts received tax free from the policy exceed the aggregate premiums that the client has paid into the policy. Although, as noted, dividends are not guaranteed, they are paid at the end of the policy year and may be used to purchase paid-up insurance, sometimes referred to as additional insurance.
After firing I see him lean aside and look eagerly off to note the
In May, de Soto and his men reached the Mississippi River, the first Europeans ever to do so. Desoto named the River, The Rio Grande de la Florida, meaning " The Great River of Florida. But the Native Americans in their wisdom, continued to call the river, "Mississippi Father of Waters". Stunned by its size but scarcely aware of the importance of their discovery, the Spaniards moved quickly to build barges for crossing - not only to avoid conflict with brooding locals, but also to continue their relentless quest for riches.
Against the rubber tongues of cows and
Update: still trying to learn how to slow down the gif, but I did figure out a trick that seems to help.
Not welcomed and not loved, anywhere:
First off, before I get any further, let me say that this meet was run under very, very poor weather conditions. Yet there were some very good marks that came out of this meet. And most certainly there are athletes in this conference that will have a lot to say about who takes home the hardware in Eugene next month.
Only one chance existed to get off the planet. He filled his lungs with air then pumped his legs as he raced past the Erebus toward the office.
but we, having accomplished the same journey,
These are just the vegetarian recipes that I thought could be easily used for main dishes. There are many other vegetable/vegetarian side dishes, as well as a whole chapter on seafood, if you only avoid chicken and red meat.
We are only at the beginning and the only thing that has been determined is that Arabs are fed up and that we won’t back down.
In 2007 the church had officially become multi-site. My husband was still on worship team and he was playing at the new site. In the fall of 2007 I felt like God might want me to go back to the worship team. I mentioned this to the worship leader but things didn’t happen the way I wanted them to.
This slow motion can be determined from misfitting magnetic anomalies on the Indian, Capricorn and Australian parts of the Indian-Australian plate – you can’t close a circuit with the African and Australian plates without moving these parts relative to each other. As well as the broken circuit and the intraplate seismicity, gravity and seismic data show the boundary zones are characterized by moderate wavelength folding (and possibly elastic buckling too) affecting the entire crust.
My blogs have been all over the place lately. From ed to moving and relationships and parenting and whatever is in between there. But I haven’t given my bulimia the “air time” maybe I should except 4 my throat hurting so bad. And no I haven’t purged even though I’ve desperately wanted to cuz I’m too scared at the moment. Laxatives are most likely in my near future though. Food has definately been helping through all my emotions lately I’ve noticed. As I’m packing earlier eating some chicken nuggets (not some, like 20 probably) and drinking soda (I don’t even like soda, y have I been drinking it so much lately?) I realize I’m not even hungry. Nor was I when I got home and ate like 3 granola bars. Was I hungry last night when I had like 3 ice cream sandwiches? Ok this list can seriously go on but the point is proven. This last week of packing and getting serious about moving has been stressful and tolling and I guess I’ve been dealing with it the only way I know how. And because of this I hate looking at myself in the mirror. I really feel disgusting. I catch myself flirting sometimes and then think later really? Wtf are you doing? Your just Embarrasing yourself! I really wanna think I’m gonna get into my exercise DVDs n eating healthy once I’m in my place. But I don’t know… I know I wanna b healthy for my kids. I know life is easier when your smaller and if anyone wants to argue with me I can give tons of living proof. But fuck… Food is always there. And so is that relief of purging. Id do it right now but it’d wipe my energy n I’d get nuthin else done tonight. If I could afford it I’d follow maureens advice and go back to rehab… Hopefully her and I can really get down to buisness now since she’s all I can afford… Considering she’s free!
Our lovely neighbour Jenny has one of them now as it was her birthday yesterday.
Folding Stool
Another beer from the California based brewers. They claim "This ale contains no actual copper but we're pretty literal... It looked coppery, so we lamely called it a copper ale." Pretty funny claim, yet true none the less. I picked this one up when I made my own 6 pack at Bruisin' Ales in Asheville.
In Milton Keynes, two Somalis, Mohammed Farah and Amin Ahmed Ismail were shot dead in an execution style, leading police to believe it was a gang-land drugs hit. The town is situated in the stock-broker belt of Buckinghamshire and is home — believe it or not — to a close-knit Somali community of around 10,000…
I actually missed the smell of smoke and,
But Obama and the Democrats are lost, stuck in peddling poor policy for their Union devotion. Unfortunately for us all, Reid's survival will make many think this is their best route, and we will all suffer for it in the long run.
the rocks that made this town, shining
It wasn’t long before stories arose about the perceived evil woman who had lost four husbands. The legend has her travelling each night from Fitz House in Tavistock to Okehampton Castle in a carriage made from the bones of her husbands and driven by a headless driver. A huge black dog with crimson eyes precedes the coach whose horses are lashed on by the headless driver. As the coach passes the ghostly white figure
When simplicity is required, Jane is the perfect garment.
Heat pure ghee in heavy bottom kadai. Add besan and Mix well. Be carefull that lumps should not form. Roast it stiring continuously on low flame. Initially it will feel dry but if you go on stiring it will get little loose. When the colour changes to golden brown and you can feel nice aroma. Turn off the flame. When it get cool add powdered sugar, cardamom powder and chopped dry fruits in it and mix wel. Make small balls.... ladoo from it and on top of it put one raisin and slightly press it. Lovely ladoos are ready for Lakshmi Poojan Naivedyam.
Comprising Figures and Descriptions of Upwards of One Hundred New, Singular, and Beautiful Species; Together with some that are of Importance in Medicine, Domestic Economy, &c.
It's like last summer never happened. The expenses scandal which rocked the establishment and led to mass resignations and MPs being arrested was a figment of our perverse imaginations.
Place the dough onto a piece of greased parchment paper (I used THIS coconut oil spray). Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out in a circle shape with even thickness throughout. Place the bottom parchment with the unbaked wraps onto a cookie sheet (I make sure it isn't stuck to the parchment otherwise it is hard to release after baking). Bake at 350º for 20 minutes or until done throughout (this will depend on how thick you rolled the dough). Use for sandwiches! Yum! Makes 6 wraps.
The hall is opposite the offices of the Queen, “Paleis Noordeinde”, and is at the back of a former palace, the “Paleis Kneuterdijk”, now used by the Council of State. The oldest part of this palace was built for a member of the rich and influential van Wassenaer van Obdam family. Its front is a little gem:
First of all, someone remind me to up the Razor Hill education budget next year, before we get another generation of peons grimlocking their way through writing a letter.
It's the perfect size.. it holds all my stuff that I carry on a daily basis and also my computer, paint decks and tape measurer when needed. The only problem is, it doesn't have pockets. I often find myself standing there digging for my keys or phone for what seems like forever.
I used glossy card stock and ripped a rough edge with post-it notes. I sprayed both G24 and G28, trying to keep my G28 as close to my post-it notes as possible.
I know I’ve been missing, and I’m sorry for that! I’ve been recovering and working really hard (like some major overtime, which I LOVE because it means more money at the end of the year and more time off whenever I want it!!!) and trying to think about my new fitness plans and schedule, now that I have to restart. I’ve also been doing a lot of behind-the-scenes work here on the blog, mostly just organizing guest bloggers and having conversations with people about what we do!
When I read The Gastronomy of Marriage by Michelle Maisto, I was intrigued by a dish she made with Kabocha squash, sage and farfalle. Her sister, who is California-thin, complained that there was too much olive oil (the squash was sauteed in sage-infused oil). I decided to make a version for myself that was much lighter on oil, and also didn't use fresh sage (which I didn't have) or ricotta salata (which I can't get in my grocery store).
Process:
- The top ten best-selling children’s books in the UK dominated by US writers – Twilight, Wimpy Kid, Percy Jackson.
Far worse, however, is his capacity to want to “wish away” some terrible realities, not the least of which is the Islamist intention to destroy America and enslave the West. Any student of history knows how swiftly Islam initially spread. It knocked on the doors of Europe, having gained a foothold in Spain.
Our trip didn't start well, I was clearly distracted as we went through security at the airport, setting off the body scanner. No it wasn't the metal plate in my head, rather my iphone in my jeans pocket, duhhh! Then Jasmine's rucksack was singled out for special attention, they opened it up, pulling everything out, cuddly toy followed cuddly toy then came the pencil case with the incriminating scissors...double duhhh. Bizarrely the lady measured the blade on them and declared them safe to fly as they were under 6cm long - still sharp enough to be a threat I'd have thought? (On the flight home the scissors were safely tucked away in the hold luggage, neither of us could face the prospect of being pulled in by burly Italian security in Napoli, one of the homes of the Mafia)
Two of the five points that our pastor touched on were 1) A mature person is positive under pressure and 2) A mature person has mastered his mouth. These hit me hard. These past couple of weeks with my back and neck problems and being so tight on money I haven’t been the most positive person. I think that my poor boyfriend and best friend have heard me complain more than they’ve ever wanted to.
*The Turducken was a slice of “deli meat” with Turkey/Duck/Chicken “Meat Glued” together. Note the dark line down the middle is the duck.
In his magisterial work on the infancy narratives, Raymond Brown demonstrates that the story of Moses in Egypt lies behind the announcement and birth of Jesus.[12] He, along with a number of other recent commentators, points out that the account of Joseph’s dream contains echoes of a popular Jewish tradition regarding the birth of Moses who was also called to be the deliverer of the Hebrew race.[13] Moses fulfilled his calling of leading Israel out bondage in Egypt, but it was Joshua who led the people into the Promised Land through the conquest of the occupying nations. As his name suggests, Jesus could also have very well have been understood by the Matthean community as assuming the role of not only a new Moses, but also a new Joshua who would save his people from the occupying enemy nation of Rome.[14] This messianic name therefore “serves to guide the readers very effectively toward an understanding of Jesus’ life as one of saving activity.”[15]
In honor of Earth Day Sunday, and our $6.82 electric bill from March, I wanted to post the special edition stamps from the USPS. Recently I've been making quite a few trips to the post office between etsy orders and email, and every time I see these stamps and think how awesome they are.
Top with 1/2 cup heavy cream, whipped; sprinkle with shaved chocolate.
This week's focus verse for the Say It With Scripture Challenge at The Sweet 'n Sassy Connection is one of those verses that is easy to memorize but harder to put into practice. Nehemiah 8:10, "The joy of the Lord is your strength."
Contentment is something that happens when you fully embrace the place where YOU ARE….
He can witness the history. Yes he can!
Many people feel stuck or trapped in a routine despite trying different things to come out of it. The truth is, most people fail to break routines because of their unwillingness to place ‘routine work’ in the right place inside their frame of mind. Take stock first whether routine is 20% or 80% of your work.
Perhaps it is all just a coincidence... Obviously some Artists are unaware of the alternative meanings of the images that they wear on their clothes, as explained before it is a fashionable visual style. As a Musician you can not be overseeing everything your clothing company puts out, but is it the same for them all? You make your mind up if there is anything in the above information, but it is worth mentioning that unlike little N.Y. limited edition boutique companies, these companies make thousands of the same shirt, so you would think they might have noticed.
Grandparents and other family carers make a massive contribution to society by giving children a secure future and save the country billions by keeping them out of care. But they need more support from local and national government. They should be recognised as carers, protected from welfare cuts, given a national allowance and access to respite care.
Seeing one little male's vivid luminescent blue dinner jacket under the cucumber-bean trellis was a total hoot. In the dimming light, the hens could only be located by their chirrupy chatter or an occasional shimmer of a corn stalk, or strawberry leaf cluster.
But he doesn’t mind, of course, because someone has to say something. And at the risk of getting into trouble for it, he is completely at peace with it being him.
When looking at a specific city or region for a meeting / incentive trip, there is always the question of whether you should utilize the services of the local Convention and Visitors Bureau. In my opinion, the answer is yes.
3. James Van der Beek as James Van der Beek (aka “The Beek”)
Sarah "Flo" Harris PLAYTIME: lots of red and purple and black - lots of stamping, mainly patterns - quirky characters with a story - dimension and texture.
Thank you all for remembering me and giving me a shout-out on your sites…I really do appreciate it, and am honored by your recognition!!
I can’t wait to see what kind of points I can earn next month!
But I'm happy with how the story turned out. The book is called THE DAY BEFORE and I'm celebrating it's release today!
Will you compromise your faithful witness of Christ to protect yourself, your husband, or even your children? Will you really trust in the world’s protection rather than God’s vindication? Of the two groups of Christians that Jesus spoke about in Revelation, which one would you be in?
I had to pull over because I couldn't drive from laughing so hard!
Paper - Dovecraft - back to basics
He was arrested several times by Egyptian government authorities between 1949 and 1961 due of his activities with the Muslim Brotherhood. In 1951, Qaradawi toured Egypt giving political speeches in support of Brotherhood candidates for the parliamentary elections that year. Egypt banned the Muslim Brotherhood in 1954 because of its opposition to the Egyptian government.
For years now the short story has been in major decline in Britain, to the point where it's almost dead, and I began this blog lamenting this fact. It's years since the fact that short stories don't sell became established publishing wisdom and many British writers - including me, originally a short-story writer - were forced away from short-story writing into other forms. It's years since, squeezed by market forces, the British print literary magazines, the last great haven of the short story, more or less disappeared (online magazines having yet to achieve the same kind of reputation with the literary establishment). (As I've written before, I've had my own attempt to combat this last decline, but found the battle so hard it left me no time to write.)
The sad thing is you’ll always hear about Edison inventing the light bulb, and occasionally you’ll hear about Swan because that was a pretty tough thing to fully erase, but when did you ever hear about Goebels, the guy that actually did it first? It’s just another example that sometimes the story you get isn’t quite what it seems to be.
I start BUSTING out laughing. I turn to the terrified girl next to me and say, “I can’t take this seriously. And if the kid starts screaming during my exam, I’ll punt him across the room.”
A knack for making money
Drinks in hand, I thought it might be a good time to break the ice about Michelle’s recent statements regarding same sex marriage. I told her it was kind of ironic for her to say that gays and lesbians can marry, as long as they marry someone of the opposite sex. Don’t you know that everyone in the room looked at Marcus at that very instant!
and respected!
We hung around in an area just out of shot with the rest of the inquisitive public and watched a ‘street scene’ being shot. There was a fair bit of hanging about and waiting for car positions to be reset, but it was pretty cool to see the truck-rig drive by (the blurry thing above)… especially when one of the other vans almost hit it! Ha ha… Fun times. There was an audible gasp from the public and the crew – something tells me it wasn’t meant to be quite that close.
You have read my blog before, haven't you?
Then we have to do the taxes.
There’s generally a sharp reaction in the American public to funding public services to poor adults. Helping kids is acceptable. Moms are ok too as long as they are “deserving,” whatever that means. But adults, especially singles who are ill and addicted, in America maybe we’d rather not spend time and money on them. So the odds of a visceral reaction to yoga at the Bud Clark Commons were particularly high, from the media, from the public, from the board. Publicizing the practice there might have killed it. It wasn’t worth the risk.
praline/crisp insert
The word “flesh,” according to The Free Dictionary, is used in botany to mean “the pulpy, usually edible part of a fruit or vegetable” and can also mean substance. “Milk” is a term used to describe the liquid expressed from seeds, nuts and grains as well as from non-human animals and human animals.
So that is where 2010 has brought us – and I only had to lie a little bit…
With so very much love, Saul.
In my opinion, brisket is best prepared over low and slow heat. My preferred method is the crockpot. Because of the way it shreds up for sandwiches, the brisket happens to be one of my favorite cuts for barbecue.
I'm on the home stretch now....as of tomorrow, I'm officially on holidays. And I can't wait! It's been a huge year, albeit an exciting and enjoyable one, but now that it's drawing to a close I realise just how much I'm looking forward to kicking back and relaxing with my family. The pool is sparkling, the house is about to be cleaned top to bottom, and I'm sending the very last of my orders for the year. Just one last little bit of housekeeping: my Etsy store will remain open over the holidays, and orders are more than welcome, but any orders placed after today will not be sent until January 4th.
A detail of The Picture of Dorian Gray by Ivan Albright, found at the Art Institute of Chicago. A Moral Event Horizon is a line that a person or character crosses that makes them irredeemably evil.
by Joy Harjo
Third place this season would be a good starting point. ’til Tomorrow.
Anyone out there who can advise - that would be most welcome. From my research it seems one either interferes completely or leaves it alone and lets nature take its course - I am going for the latter, as I am sure Mama Duck knows better than me how to look after her offspring..
I’ve come to terms with passing on my vinyl these days, but that doesn’t mean I’m not having problems keeping my CD collection as condensed as possible. And the greatest challenge I have at present is through the collectors or deluxe edition style of marketing. By way of example, go along my CD racks and you’ll find three versions of The Undertones’ first two albums, two more of the last before Feargal Sharkey’s departure, four more collections of hits and rarities and the two albums since their reformation. Needless to say, I still have the vinyl too – 7”s, 12”s and LPs.
The second half of May is look especially busy with the release of Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future soldier (22nd US, 24th Eur) on Xbox360 and PS3, Risen 2: Dark Waters (22nd US, 25th Europe, 24th Aus) on Xbox 360 and PS3 and Dragons Dogma (22nd US, 25th Eur, 24th Aus & Japan) on the Xbox 360 and PS3. Of these games the only one I am really interested in is Ghost Recon though even that will probably be a rental for me. the demo of Dragons Dogma didn’t sell me on the game, though I liked the ideas I felt the controls were a little too haphazard for my liking.
As a reminder, the salt pile first emerged last winter and grew to enormous proportions last Spring. It was initially uncovered last Spring, sending salt flurries through the air and leaving a film everywhere, but it was eventually covered due to pressure from CoWNA and elected officials. It was determined at the time that the pile could remain at this location, as long as it remained covered. It seems that whoever was responsible for keeping it covered has not done their job, and the neighborhood is once again subject to this annoying and potentially dangerous situation.
"So do not worry and say, 'What are we to eat?' or 'What are we to drink?' or 'What are we to wear?' All these things the pagans seek. Your heavenly Father knows that you need them all. But seek first the kingdom (of God) and his righteousness, and all these things will be given you besides. Do not worry about tomorrow; tomorrow will take care of itself. Sufficient for a day is its own evil." Matthew 6:31-34I got a text later that morning that she made it to NYC safely. I smiled, and envied her.
Maize Oil extracted from corn germs of Central America, Maize Oil delivers emollient and anti-oxidant active ingredients for ultimate shine.
This just seemed almost more than I could handle. I guess it wasn’t luck that we needed, but a miracle. I have faith in God, but right then I was questioning whether or not He cared about my personal appearance or my ability to hear and to eat.
soars amid the clouds, tethered just
Boy: Sorry you need a receipt. He points to the return policy.
I’m over the moon, with showers of love
Eventually the Doctor discovered the heart of the ship where the Smilers and their controllers were torturing the Whale with electric shocks to keep it moving and faced the impossible situation. Angered that he would now have to sacrifice the life of an innocent and one of a kind being to save billions the Doctor was prepared to labotamise the Space Whale so it would no longer feel pain from the torture. Amy however noticed the Whale's neural tendrils affectionately playing with the children who the whale always refused to eat when they were sent down below. Remembering the Doctor's lesson about always observing she quickly put the pieces together and ran over to the control system to press the "Abdicate" button freeing the Whale. The ship however did not explode has was originally feared but instead started to move faster "Well now that the pilot's not being tortured" Amy explained have deduced that the Whale had come willingly and was still willing to help the people of Great Britain. (From The Beast Below, 2010) via
“How much do cops make?” he asked.
It’s spring and strawberry season is upon us. In fact, one of my friends turned two gallons of berries into umpteen jars of preserves yesterday. Hope she is planning to share them with friends! (Hint, hint)
And then ... the grand finale as we waited to hear who had won the overall BWA award. £10,000, an instant book deal, 300 copies of the winner's book already printed and hot from the press, universal acclaim ...
In this same state. Spending in a class room was 341k for the year. the teachers only made 57k of that. The rest of it went to administration, and school lunches. The janitors are making 6 figures. I don't have statistics on UT schools, but I will look those up also.
In other words, the instant that more affluent families with more resources (including time) to engage in a school community, that school community is a different one.
Well, it's been a long week of tears and gnashing of teeth for one reason or another so perhaps this has influenced my decision. Every entry was so-well written, and I really enjoyed the diverse themes - especially with Tartan dancing in for the kill. But the entry that had me grinning with visceral joy, and is my winner is Under A Killing Moon by Veronica Marie Lewis-Shaw. Zombies freak the hell out of me, and Veronica Marie captures the essence of whatever it is that terrifies me every time. Back at ya, VM - my turn to sleep with the light on! And congratulations.
Note: create closed.gif (indicating ‘+’) and open.gif (indicating ‘-’) just like Windows Explorer.
“I hear politicians talking about values in an election year,” Obama said. “I hear a lot about that. Let me tell you about values. Hard work, personal responsibility–those are values. But looking out for one another. That’s a value. The idea that we’re all in this together. I am my brother’s keeper. I am my sister’s keeper. That’s a value.” He wants to be his sister’s keeper, eh? Well I think we owe it to him to give him the full Ruprecht treatment.
This weekend, J set to work taking the Valentine apart and tinkering with it. The biggest problem was the carriage: it was clean off its rails when we got it, and it soon became clear that we would have to replace the ball bearings (7/8 inch is the right size), find the thingamabob that retained the ball bearings in the carriage, and wind on a new carriage drawband.
Slice cheesecake into 36 squares. Place on a parchment lined sheet and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Over a double boiler, carefully melt white chocolate, taking care not to scorch it. Stir constantly and remove from the heat before all the chocolate is melted - continuing to stir will melt the rest.
The reason words that refer to us are so hypnotic has to do with a psychological effect called Fundamental Attribution Error. Basically, while we are naturally critical of other people, our critical minds take a break when we evaluate ourselves. That analytic part of us just doesn’t kick in. You may not have noticed this about yourself—but I bet you’ve noticed it about all those oblivious inconsiderate jerks constantly making your life miserable.
It did too... Shattered.
Indigofera
Stillwater makes such delicious beers and everything I've tried from them has been excellent. I met the head brewer, Brian Strumke, a few years ago at a Stillwater event in Philly. He was extremely approachable and truly seemed to enjoy talking about beer and the brewing process. Stillwater Artisanal Ales is known as a gypsy brewery. While Strumke is based out of Maryland, he told me that he brews all over the place. Collaborating with other breweries and making frequent trips to Belgium seems like a pretty amazing life to me! Cheers to Brian and Stillwater for putting out another great brew.
To this Harry added by pointing out the value of critiques and editing. He also said that anyone who comes to the Festival will inevitably leave a better writer. Wise man, that Harry Bingham.
Let me introduce to you a wonderful experiment run by professor Baba Shiv from Stanford. Professor Shiv works in the field of neuroeconomics – the study of the mind’s electrical impulses and chemistry when a human makes a decision. In 2008, he ran an experiment to understand one aspect of how people make decisions based on data.
The Good Stuff, Sid Maudlin
3 cups chicken stock*
I was surprised and very sad when I heard that she's going back to Indonesia for good, but I was glad at the same time too. I knew that Indonesia is her long-term plan, and I am glad that she's finally stepping to the next level of her life. I guess being sad is inevitable when it's a real good friend that's leaving.
I decided to get fancy in the veggie garden this year (I never do learn NOT to cause more work for myself...) and line the different areas with bricks that we have in a (very huge) pile out by my horse barn. The bricks are just sitting there...so why not, right?
172. Many say that Kris can’t be compared with others.
Word Count: 3223
"Jasmine said she's waiting for a good time. Does now work for you?" Bryn slapped Sean in the chest and sauntered off, chuckling his way down the stairs.
I once rode 100 miles on my bicycle in one day and couldn't sit down for a week
Abbiamo incontrati amici.
As for the markings, they varied by the watcher too.
What more could go wrong, right?
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is a well known novelist and screenwriter. She won several Academy Awards for her screenplays – Room With A View & Howard’s End – and also was awarded the Booker Prize for her novel Heat & Dust.
Simple neglect can be surprisingly damaging. In 2007, researchers published the first randomized, controlled study of the effect of being raised in an orphanage; that study, and subsequent research on the same sample of Romanian orphans, found that compared with babies placed with a foster family, those who were sent to institutions had lower IQs, slower physical growth, problems with human attachment and differences in functioning in brain areas related to emotional development.”
As you can see, my Mother and I both thought that was an attempt at a picture. This happens often. I really like when I start to hack up a lung around 4 seconds.
Soosai Lourde (55), Manjula (33), Sahayam (45), Jacqueline (42), Pasili (36) and Bama (40). The first five women are from Idinthakarai and the last woman is from Koodankulam.
Do you recall the recent Russia/US adoption scandal when an American mother sent her adoptive son back to Russia? Or the attention that celebrities like Angelina Jodie and Madonna adopted children from Africa? Conservative numbers put adoptions in America at around 73,000 annually and Chandra Hoffman addresses the theme of adoption in Chosen ($25.99, Harper/HarperCollins Publishers). At the center of the story is Chloe Pinter, the director of The Chosen Child’s domestic adoption program, juggling the demands of her boss and the incessant needs of clients. When a child goes missing the dreams of a young couple become nightmares. The author draws on her own experiences as an aide worker in Romania’s infamous Orphanage Number One that took her back to a domestic adoption program in Portland, Oregon.
1/2 cup quinoa flour
At five months, nothing was left of the thing he once was. Every expedition into the night scorched his skin. He no longer healed, feeding from his own body. Insanity and inhumanity were his only friends. He waited for the night when he no longer rose.
Dinner was using left over Santa Fe Quinoa salad. I added chicken and some cheese to it and a little more seasonings. Mixed it all up and rolled it into a Ezekiel tortilla's. Baked them for about 15 minutes and served them topped with sour cream, salsa, lime and cilantro. On the side we had avocado and tomato slices with garlic salt. Of course we finished it off with a fruit which was watermelon to night.
The second step is to ask suppliers further down the chain to hold enough inventory — perhaps a few months’ worth — for specialized components that cannot be built in more than one location, or take anti-quake measures that guarantee safety against any tremor or tsunami, he said.
I've been working on the Name Game Swap as well, where I make a mini quilt with the name of my partner or partner's blog on it. That has been difficult as I have a very silent partner, not a peep out of her since the swap began. I'm hoping she will like it anyway.
Well, O’Connor was just quoted in Us Weekly about stud muffin Brad Pitt’s engagement ring to his long-time baby mama, Angelina Jolie. Pitt apparently finally popped the question, giving Jolie a huge what appears to be rectangle-shaped diamond bauble.
Putting aside the obvious practical issue of storing books outside in this country, whilst it was lovely and calming, it wasn’t really what I would call inspirational. I suppose it depends what type of books you want to write as to what you would want as inspiration. Beatrix Potter would have probably been quite at home in the Writers Pad, dreaming up stories for Froggy the frog.
This unparalleled brunch experience will make every mom feel like a star. Join us for entertainment from a live Jazz band with the Jazz Poets and culinary delights in Sierra Ballroom.
It would be rude not to mention the Leveson enquiry. A week of revelations, and plenty of material for Friday’s ‘Have I Got News For You’ to say the least. We now know that Gordon Brown declared war on Murdoch’s company and that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt MP was the ‘cheerleader’ for the BSkyB deal. This was a sharp fall for Mr Hunt, he was tipped to be promoted in the next reshuffle but is now tipped to resign rather soon.
I then proceeded to explain that this song is a plea for thinking for yourself. The lyric "All I wanted was a Pepsi" has been a kind of rallying cry to me for making my own choices. All teenagers struggle through a phase where no one in the world understands them, especially their parents. I went through it. But it doesn't have to mean a flat rejection of where you come from, your family's values, beliefs, education. (That would be just as unthinking, wouldn't it?) It just means that you follow what you follow for your reasons, not anyone else's.
“Gov. Romney believes the best way to help lower gas prices is for long-term structural reform, which is why he supports aggressive action to expand domestic production and guarantee the American people a reliable, affordable supply of energy for the future,” – Romney spokesperson Andrea Spaul, today.
Finally, Baba Yaga. In the modern perception she’s an old, evil witch who lives in the forest. But she’s so, so much more. I wanted to give the reader the old, the original version.
At last we're tired, my heart and I.
Dress, Forever XXI
Sorry that I have been absent lately but in the next 2 months I will be moving to North Carolina. I'm happy leaving Cleveland behind because I will be closer to Miami and my relatives and friends. This week I started packing some of my stamps and scrapping supplies. I'm going crazy with all these changes so that don't get surprised if you don't see much activity in my blog during the next weeks.
The glass slide is cool to the touch, and makes a slight buzzing noise when pressed against your skull. You focus on your memory of the video. For a moment you feel a sense of déjà vu, like you are still asleep in the chair while the video plays. The woman’s voice brings you back to the present moment. The glass is now quite warm and you look at it intently. The woman asks to see the slide. You hand it to her and she places it in a small hand-held device with a slot in the top for the slide and a screen facing her. She smiles and asks you if you remember the video. Video? You don’t remember a video. “Very good,” she says.
Would you rather live in a fantasy/paranormal world or a sci-fi one? Fantasy was my first pick until I thought about it. I'd love to be able to wield magic, but I'm not so sure I'd like the lack of modern conveniences. Also, the thought of meeting a real dragon is unsettling. Could I pick the best from both worlds?
This may be somewhat mediated by government action, as the CFPB is beginning to make noise around debt collection and credit ratings, and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan is working to stop debt-related arrest warrants. But only somewhat, only where the government can protect you and only when there is the political will to do so. Increasingly, creditors are coming to set up the institutional structures for financial surveillance, state-sponsored enforcement of their claims through tightened bankruptcy laws and the selective use of jail, and the denial of economic opportunity based on one’s interaction with the financial system.
Love the Los Angeles Times Food Section! Always yummy recipes, stories, reviews, spotlights on Southern Cal's farmers market and local produce.
For those of you following along, today was day 5 of my MFA residency. I woke up still feeling slightly dizzy and sore but I took some Dramamine and Advil and those seemed to do the trick.
Janome Sew Mini for stitching
Waiting for another to linger.
My next project for the shop will be the Secret Garden Cardigan. I'll be making a small or medium, I have not decided yet. As it is a shop sample, I will knit it with the original main color, a rich brown, and similar yoke colors. I picked some blue to pop in the mix. It will be lovely.
The poor performance of Peggy Nash and Paul Dewar (especially Dewar) was a notable surprise, as was Martin Singh’s close sixth place standing, running above Niki Ashton. Brian Topp’s performance probably would have been regarded as shockingly low a few months ago, yet recent events, namely Ed Broadbent’s verbal salvo against Mulcair, coupled with low poll results among NDP members had depressed expectations of his performance. Obviously Topp was able to maintain enough support when voting began to secure second place. While Mulcair emerged as the actual winner of this race, Nathan Cullen certainly deserves the prize for most gained during the leadership race among those who lost. He began the campaign very much as a dark horse and a possible “also-ran”, and his riding-by-riding co-operation plan was thought to be a death knell to his potential support. This clearly was not the case, and Cullen managed to raise the profile of both himself and his ideas via the race, and climbed into the ranks of the top contenders during the campaign. He has situated himself quite nicely for a future run at the leadership.
Good morning to you on this Resurrection Sunday! Hoping that you have enjoyed Easter services somewhere today.
Hawkes Bay
When the credits did roll for the movie, the audience of my screening burst into applause. And while I normally think that is kind of a dumb thing to do – the projectionist doesn’t care if you liked the movie – I couldn’t help but join in. The people leaving the screening seemed very pleased with the movie. In fact, the only person who didn’t seem particularly enamored with The Avengers was the eight year old little girl sitting next to us who promptly fell asleep as soon as the movie began. How she did so after all the candy she consumed was a mystery, but her snores could be heard over some of the more quiet moments of the movie. I guess super heroes are not her thing.
My belly's white, while grey's my back
Then I thought (in true undeadpollyanna fashion), ‘Oh, no! What about mountain lions! There might be mountain lions!’
* Unsure = 2, and
Last time I checked, I thought this was my life. And people are being more than judgy on this subject matter. All I was doing was venting about how the lady from my hearing for unemployment told me it was illegal for the state to give unemployment to military spouses because it was our choice to follow my husband when he received orders to move; when I have countless friends who filled out their applications the same way I did (I asked them) and got unemployment benefits.
“Gays aren’t NFL fans, and women are only NFL fans in order to make their man happy, and as such we don’t need to worry about what a few politically correct wimps say”? … I wonder if this is one possible explanation for the otherwise inexplicable contempt for a large demo of potential customers.
The underworld had six houses meant to torture the new souls brought here. They were called the house of gloom, the house of blades, the house of jaguars, the house of fire, the house of cold and the house of bats. The underworld had no laws and the tortures were not meant to be penance for sins. They were more for the sadistic pleasure of the Lords. The Mayan death Lords did did not have a sense of justice like Lord Yama of Hinduism or Hades of Greek mythology. They were egoistic and cruel. People had to worship them out of fear for them.
First, I’d like to clarify. I am not doing a juice fast. There is absolutely no way I could go even one day without eating food that needs chewing. Even though I already had the juice I made last night….I’m still dying to eat right now. I brought a banana with me to work in case I got hungry and I swear its staring me down.
Apparently the deal stems from a complicated procedure worked out as part of the so-called debt ceiling bill that involves both the House and Senate voting on a resolution of disapproval against the increase. President Barack Obama would then have to veto the resolution and Congress would have to try and override that veto.
Singh, who pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual penetration of a child under 16, was sentenced to two and a half years' jail, to serve a minimum of 10 months.
I don't want attention and I don't want your compliments
4. knit and sew and learn to crochet
This isn’t going to be a long one, but I have a few people to thank for this blog still being here a year later.
Here are the stunning photos...
Author: Cathy Gohlke
36 ALMOST 30 million Africans are HIV-positive. By 2050 the disease may have claimed as many as 280 million lives.
Loves strength is stronger than war
“And I like existing.”
Shouted Moon as he bounded towards his friends.
We will be looking For Everything,even offering free classes for models that can’t afford payment,we are looking to add some glam to the SL Model Life,we will be different than any modeling company you ever seen in SL Grid..
*winces*
Okay, so the Christmas bit is over by a week and in a few hours it will be 2012!!! Whoo-hooo! I'm quite looking forward to some exciting months ahead.
The band gathered in my living room with only a week and a half to go before our St. Patrick’s Day concert. The Band is so good to me. So generous with their time. So enthusiastic about the music and about performing it. And, somehow, everybody knows what I mean for them to play rather than what I’ve written for them to play.
81. Visited the Vatican
so different,
Welcome to sick bay :(. I have both my kids home from school today. Phoebe was really poorly last night. When she gets a cold she struggles to breath and it's ever so scrary. I always have her inhaler ready but it's not nice for neither her nor me. So we have had a restless night.
***Creeeeeeeeeeek***** The door slowly opens
Speech by the European Central Bank’s President, Mr. Mario Draghi, at the annual reception of private banks organized by the Association of German Banks in Berlin, Germany.
blogs and projects she has over there,
“Well, we used something called Facebook. It was quite popular for a while.”
15. Call on You
I like my order,
*Incidentally, my parents' first car that I can actually remember was a 1975 Gran Torino. It was white, with leg-burning dark blue vinyl seats. It was also adorned with a "George Brett for President" bumper sticker, distributed during his MVP-winning 1980 season when he hit .390.
Next, here he is with black, light brown, and middle brown. He doesn't look so flat anymore, but he's still not very exciting.
Mare than anything that matters
The deep vocals paint a gloomy picture that matches the song title, while the steady, metronomic beat pounds your brain as the synth provides a catchy hook. You get the feeling of desolation, but strangely feel a bit uplifted at the same time!
imma stick to writing coz i'm no good at scribbling or any of those stuff.
Isn’t it true that it’s easier to give solution on somebody else’s concern?
His team is in North America spread over a number of time zones. Luis’s work day begins at noon and ends at 7pm which in Spanish culture is ideal because dinner is not usually until 9.30 or 10pm. Of course these hours are not fixed because he is measured by results. He has a huge amount of flexibility. No fretting about the plumber or the dog going to the vet. If he had been married lots of space to be a great parent. No commute. No office wardrobe.
"Sixteen Tons" was written by Merle Travis, a country singer who grew up in a Kentucky coal-mining county. Travis recorded the song in 1946 and released it the next year on an album titled Folk Songs of the Hills.
Quick Take: Kirkham places Austen and her novels in the context of Enlightenment Feminism and argues for Austen’s feminist credentials.
i haveto be in bed by 11
5) Now about those comments from Pastor Finnestad:
It was to the latter that we headed on the morning of Day 3. Kernel, in a railway arch near Bermondsey Tube station, is normally only open to the public on Saturday mornings but Evin very kindly allowed us to drop in on them during the week. Forklift training was in progress when we arrived, and the guys took it in turns to show us the shiny new kit and taste a couple of beers with us. It's an impressive set-up, and even though only two beers had made it into the new fermenters so far the potential is enormous. Hopefully we'll be seeing more taps, and bottles further afield, in due course.
Follow these simple rules, please:
it’s about a guy name Akiba Takara who is the vie president at his school, good-looking, and seems to have everything going for him. one day he gets cursed by the goddess Kanou that makes him unable to leave Kanou City until he is able to fulfill a hundred people’s wishes. that means that all his life plans about going and studying tokyo would be ruined if he doesn’t break the curse. then he receives a weird task of finding the god hidden in his school within a month or else the entire world will end. Now let the game begin….
I remember it like it was yesterday -
Grazing on Broadham Down is being carried out by Soay sheep in one area, and goats in another. I try to get closer to say hello, but the former run away and the latter, well, in amongst their flock is a big billy who looks at me quite evilly. A billy with horns. Long horns. With sharp points.
I have taken many sick days off work after particularly heavy binges over the last 14 years.
Makes approximately 4 1/2 -5 dozen whoopie pies.
Line a 9-inch cake pan with parchment. Arrange the poached pineapple and some glazed cherries in the bottom of the pan. Top with batter. Bake at 350F for 30 minutes (NOTE: This recipe must have been developed using a convection oven because it took this cake 55 minutes to bake in my regular oven. I suggest setting a timer for 30 minutes. If its not done, check on the cake after every additional 5-10 minutes.)
a deep breath
This is not to slander the woman. I've seen a lot of that buzzing around teh interwebs, and I reject that wholeheartedly. I'm sure that she's not evil, and that I could have a perfectly lovely conversation with her in the lounge at work, you know? And, I think that we underestimate her at our peril.
However, it was ever the mark of the political zealot to ignore reality in favour of an ideological dream.
me must i
Let me be honest, I don't really have a "favorite" quote. Just little sayings here and there or a line from a movie. I'm not sure if it counts to you, but for me it works!
The depth of a family need,
There was a beautiful girl who had a much broken mirror and considered herself very ugly. She hid her face from public view behind a veil.
My name is Sunny and I am a mascaraholic. From left to right: Cover Girl Lash Blast Volume, MAC Zoom Waterfast Lash, L’Oreal Million Lashes, Max Factor False Lash Effect, and Chanel Intimitable.
These are some of the better ideas I’ve had, and are certainly the least complicated. I basically want to create a bit more of a ‘game’ for the bug player than just running their models forward. I’m also thinking of making deployment rules in the scenario that enable the bug player to switch which side of the board they are coming on from quite quickly, meaning the marine player (who will be defending the Sci Fi Fort I posted about) will have to think about how they spread their forces about.
Ok I could do that but the leaf blower nozzle is flat and wide, hmm I inserted another smaller vacuum flat attachment into the leaf blower attachment duct taped it in and attached a pipe attachment into the drain, covered it will the towel and blew a force of air into the drain.
the potent corticosteroid
Wilson was born in Austin, Texas in 1912. He studied piano and violin at Tuskegee Institute. After working in the Lawrence “Speed” Webb band, with Louis Armstrong and also “understudying” Earl Hines in Hines’s Grand Terrace Cafe Orchestra, Wilson joined Benny Carter‘s Chocolate Dandies in 1933. In 1935 he joined the Benny Goodman Trio (which consisted of Goodman, Wilson and drummer Gene Krupa, later expanded to the Benny Goodman Quartet with the addition of Lionel Hampton). The trio performed during the big band’s intermissions. By joining the trio, Wilson became the first black musician to perform in public with a previously all-white jazz group.
4. JOIN A FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM. You'll be able to accumulate points towards free flights, use airport lounges and be first in line when upgrades become available. We're with United / Star Alliance. I know United isn't as highly regarded as, say, Singapore Airlines but I love them. LOVE THEM. I check in via First Class, occasionally get free upgrades to Business, and last time I flew home from NY they let me check in the 72 kilos of books I've bought at Strand bookstore. For free. They're always lovely, professional, kind and willing to help with problems. Such as excess book baggage. Gotta love a FF program. Some people dismiss them, but they're better than you think.
And just maybe he remembered, his humble beginnings, at a place once called Fort Stotsenberg.
Mr Sheridan asked whether it was part of Mr Wight’s job to break the law, with Mr Wight replying that this was “not strictly true”, adding that he did not accept it to be true when Mr Sheridan repeated the question.
It only takes a second for that flicker to be over and the monster, the man I fear, is back. The man who beats me senselessly almost every night, the man who controls every aspect of my life; from what I wear to if I can work. The man who enjoys all this power, all this control he has over me.
As for the technique, the herbs must be finely puréed, with no water (as this will discolour them) when cooking. They need to be bhunaoed, or fried, with the vegetables to retain the colour. The rice needs to be soaked beforehand, as we have done in previous blogs such as What unites Runs, Coronet.. , and it must be cooked in 2½ parts of liquid (by the absorption) method.
I must have smiled for she nodded her head at me.
Now that I’ve reviewed what to watch out for don’t throw out the envelopes that are decorated but can’t be mailed. You can always save those cards for hand delivering or place them in a larger envelope than can get through the postal service.
“One word,” said a woman about the same age. “Grandchildren. I have five with a sixth on the way. That’s my life now, and I love it.”
Overall, then, brewing is a fabulously efficient process -- nothing is "wasted" except, I guess, the fuel needed to heat the water and boil the wort. But then again, it's awfully hard to claim that anything is truly wasted when it results in something as wonderful as beer.
It was maddening! First of all, the girl gets the super strength?! And then she’s too afraid or prissy or whatever to use it?!
diverse agricultural
When my children laugh and see the happy look in their eyes, I know they're the perfect early Christmas gift...little bundles of joy.
Welcome to Week #18 of Black and White Wednesday. I am very pleased to present another amazing gallery of deliciously talented photos in marvelous shades of monochrome. All photos, this time, are presented in the order they were received. The final count is around fifty. Thank you so much for sharing. I have read many a kind word about how this event nicely breaks up and brightens what would otherwise be a long week. This is true for me as well. My commitment to catch up on commenting on your photo posts still stands, but I am yet quite behind, juggling several projects behind the scenes. Thanks for your patience and good will.
Dozens of seriously wounded people with extensive burns are crowding a hospital in Kunduz, AFP reported.
watering my petunias every day
I gave this speech on June 13, 2010, for the University of California, Santa Barbara’s Humanities and Fine Arts graduation ceremony. The grandstand area and lawn accommodated approximately 900 graduates and 5,000 attendees. David Marshall, the Dean of Humanities and Fine Arts and Executive Dean of the College of Letters and Science, introduced me after the keynote speaker’s address.
When she visited me last year.. we were walking out to the car.. and as we passed those trees.. she told me of the love she had for them -- since she was a young child, because the leaves looked like they were "dancing in the wind."
I shared The List by Joe Konrath with some colleagues here. Several found it amusing but ultimately we felt it was a bit too odd and were concerned about the audience. So I will be declining. William Morrow
Well, the main Libya conflict is now over. What do they want with Africa?
I. Tell the story of Jesus telling his disciples to go and preach the gospel (Matthew 28 1-19)
In a quest for independence, her neglected art, and no-strings-attached hookups, 18-year-old Bria signs up for a guided tour of Central America—the wrong one. Middle-aged tourists with fanny packs are hardly the key to self-rediscovery. When Bria meets Rowan, devoted backpacker and dive instructor, and his outspokenly humanitarian sister Starling, she seizes the chance to ditch her group and join them off the beaten path. When I said, after finishing Kirsten Hubbard's incredible debut novel Like Mandarin, that I wasn't quite to wait long to pick up her second novel, I wasn't kidding. Two weeks later I was diving into Wanderlove, with only the slightest touch of apprehension, because the storyline itself was not quite as appealing to me. While I didn't have quite the same heart-rush for Wanderlove as I did for Like Mandarin, the novel was still a great read: filled with adventure, growth, and heart.
things – fruit is – covetousness
The weather warmed and the WiseGuy started hitting again on a race at Turf Paradise. The Mayor had abandoned Turf earlier and was doing his handicapping on Santa Anita and having pretty much the same results as I was having. Something clicked on that particular race as I had just tried another combination the day before and saw that the patterns were becoming clearer. I was on track to the original combination. The Mayor and I could see a what we now call, ‘The Trend’ once we began applying a process toward the Trending Sheet I developed the month before because I was sick and tired of interpreting the running lines of the Race sheets that are in the background of the Bet Sheet ( seen below ).
The advocate-depute’s claim relied on the testimony of a police detective whose investigation concluded that just one person’s phone had ever been hacked by Mulcaire.
“She can’t survive out there, she doesn’t know the world and she doesn’t know herself.” Old Bubble slapped his belly as an exclamation. “I don’t think it will be too hard to see the emperor.”
Ewa: You mean you have got new job thanks to Visual Vamp? Could you please say something more about how it happened?
Oh and as a final note: never underestimate the power of chocolate milk.
I started getting a little nervous about missing the migration given the remarkable weather and took a early season drive to Fish Point Preserve to see if anything was shaking. Tornado warnings were in effect in the counties North and South of the lower shore of Lake Huron's Saginaw Bay. Large flocks of Tundra swans, Canadian geese, and Trumpeter swans had collected in the stubble fields to avoid the violent skies. I had never seen a Tundra swan migration before! A species that mates for life, and perhaps beyond, the bond was mirrored in the synchronicity of their wing play during the slow descent to earth. Love is literately in the air, a stirring marriage of body and mind. So sublime is their singularity of passion, if one of the pair should come to a premature end the other will prefer to spend the rest of it's days flying solo and unattached; except to the memory of that one lost soul mate.
Serge Prokofiev: "Cinderella"
- Developers launch appeal in Lands and Environment court
… and the newest privileged gay shill for the ‘Oh, we told you that if you played nice and let us get our ENDA we’d come back and add you to it but now we’re just going to forget about ENDA and concentrate on other gay-only stuff, HA! HA!’ agenda to be allowed to poison the equality well via the Washington Blade:
and i'll answer them all in another post!
Time. We never seem to have enough of it. Between work, family, and our busy social lives, how can we make the most of what time we do have? Even more important, how can we make more time for the people and things that we love?
8/27 New York, NY- Rumsey Playfield Summerstage
I was but an infant during the show’s original run, but as a kid I discovered the it through reruns on UHF, and loved it. Flash forward to the 90’s, I had another chance to see a couple of episodes, and was bored as hell. But inspired to check it out again now, I’ve watched several of the first Barnabas episodes and I’m loving it.
Over this holiday season, it's going to be a quiet one in my family. However, that will not dampen my holiday spirits. It's the best time now that I get to cook more and not only show you that I bake, I could actually cook up a storm. And if I say so myself.. the taste is wicked. It's the holidays, so a little self praised is good for the soul.
Now in a field, I'm surrounded by what seems to be an army of shambling zombies, shuffling their way to my untouched flesh. Within feet of them reaching me, I see all of the dead 'skin' sloughs off of them in layers, leaving them looking like the clean humans that they used to be. The zombie closest to me is my sister. I hug her in an embrace that spreads joy throughout the field.
We are in the midst of a busy weekend and a busy week ahead! I am hoping to include a post this week featuring some of the meatless meals we have been enjoying lately. In the meantime, enjoy this week's menu!
I galumph over to the coffee maker as the sound of a way-too-awake Mario and Luigi race around my living room.
"Oh, absolutely not," Oprah said when asked if not endorsing Obama in public is a sign of disappointment.
Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday season so far!
Nothing too major going on today, so I figured I’d just update on a few random things. I’ll be honest, too, I just haven’t gotten around to looking through the mail yet, so we’re going to hold off on a mailbag for now. I know, I know, don’t worry, I’ll get one posted soon.
Under different headings I was looking for the LA countries and I found the following:
Have a great week!!!!!!
We had a wonderful Christmas celebrating with family and friends. We celebrated Christmas Eve at my mom's, then we hosted Christmas dinner for 11 people at our house, hosted our annual Christmas party on Monday evening, and celebrated my brother-in-law's birthday Tuesday night. I feel like I need a couple days just to recuperate from all the celebrating!
The little painting is watercolour on primed paper with some black and white pens.
I almost posted a picture of that first attempt here, but got kind of embarrassed, both about how it looked and how much it impressed me last year. I've learned a lot since then. Here's one of this year's nativities:
Charumbira ruled his people nicely. All people loved him and all the people of other countries loved him too.
One each 14 oz. can creamed corn (seriously, I do not like creamed corn, but if you substitute regular corn – it is not nearly as good!)
6. Gareth Roberts’s first treatment for the Easter special involved an outer-space hotel with mysteriously disappearing guests, who were being taken down to the planet below to be implanted with alien eggs (because eggs=Easter, see?). Sounds a bit Battlestar Galactica (70s version) to us.
If you’ve been part of a local church for a while, then Romans 8:28 is probably one of those verses you’ve heard repeated a gazillion times. There is a reason why that’s true… because the verse is amazingly comforting! However, as time goes by, verses like this one that are used over and over start to lose their potency and effect as they become more familiar to us. Like John 3:16, we simply hear the reference to Romans 8:28 and we shut down mentally because we think we already know everything there is to know about such texts. Today I want to urge you not to abandon those pet verses the church likes to use in certain circumstances. Rather, to revive their freshness in your hearts, write out what the verse means in your own words according to its context in the Bible. Let’s use Romans 8:28 as a test drive for this practice.
Worship is a good thing, and God cannot have too much of it.
“They were great. They made the entire process as fun and easy as it could be. Thank you!”
Dandelions
Dialogue: 6,0:00:38.85,0:00:43.52,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Though, I would call that a pretty sad way to live.
So, we wrote back and forth over the weekend. I must have had 5 emails from him. I was not revealing myself at all. Didn’t tell him my name or where I lived or anything. I did tell him my age. I just wanted to see if he found someone from his yahoo personal ad. So, then I saw where he has a myspace page. Hmmmm, I shall read through it…saw all of his pictures…After I read through it, I thought, well hell, this guy is sooo busy, and here I am messing with him, keeping it anonymous. I should just finally tell him who I am, and then he could block me or laugh at me ,something and again, I would go on my merry way, because, again, I want to be the neighborhood cat lady. So, I wrote a longer email to him and told him all about myself.
A person listening to someone else speaking will automatically put together what is being said with how it is being said to facilitate understanding.
And the arguments he makes are totally illuminating. The writers we praise and admire now were paying very close if not conscious attention to the lower stuff going on—Melville loving sea romances, for instance. I read it for the first time in 2000 and definitely started wondering why you couldn’t do that in the present tense. So some of the pieces are experiments following out from it.
Love brings to light the high and the hidden characteristics of the person who loves—what is rare and exceptional about him: to that extent it easily misleads us about what is normal in him.
Use the Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing Mix in your flour mixture (this will make your fried chicken taste pretty close to that national brand).
3and provide for those who grieve in Zion—
9:20 Chris Wallace & Brit Hume are debating about Ted Kennedy and both waxing poetic about him even with their disagreements with his policy. Thank you for being human instead of partisan.
Astro, the only satellite channel to be licensed by the BN Government is owned by one of the country’s richest entrepreneurs, Ananda Krishnan, known for his close links with the ruling UMNO party.
Nonetheless, a good animation is a good animation regardless of the soundtrack. This is a very dark, gothic animated video that would probably never be shown on actual TV. I am reminded of Nightmare Before Christmas / Corpse Bride a bit, but with cell animation instead of stop-motion animation.
I have mentioned in previous posts that we are taking a break from sugar and grains. Here is a little background info to explain why:
They would not guess how early in
I realize I often begin these posts quite cheerful- but today's post is worthy of cheer.
If any of you know of any white grape varieties whose name starts with a V and that I missed off the list, please tell me.
You will propose on a hot air balloon. Or during a rock concert. Or very casually next time she’s sick. Over Skype.
18. Is it cold in here, or are you just afraid to kiss me? +
Regardless of how she was categorized, she was admired. Expressing a common sentiment, Jon Pareles of The New York Times wrote in 1990 that she had “one of the great voices in American popular music, with a huge range, a multiplicity of tones and vast reserves of volume.”
I could honestly get only halfway through the 53 pages of this thread before I gave up saving and re-posting. There is simply too much awesome. Feel free to head over there and check out the rest of the collection, as this is but a small cross-section.
Well, as you can see, the photos are not the best. How I wish, I could share you for real. It's a kind of a cutie, though? Or at least, if you ask me §:-) The efforts GH had and me, who sewed the curtains, blinds and the pillow cases (not the white ones) was a satisfying outcome. Helping together sorting out the looks of our home, make our understanding and the bonding as man and wife get more stronger. We sat and talked about the plans. I plan, decide and he is the doer, uhumm... of course, I am the assistant. Keeping him accompanied.
To add insult to injury the picture you're looking at is a foot of 3/4" steel rebar poking through the wall of my living room. (Look in the corner and you'll see another hole). I had two more like it, both of which intruded into my daughter's play area, at about 12" off the ground: RIGHT WHERE SHE SITS AND PLAYS. The workers "happened to misjudge" the reinforcement point by almost two feet and they drilled into our apartment rather than between floors. And they did it four times! I don't even want to think about what would have happened if a child had been sitting against the wall when one of those came through.
When I think of my favorite works by Duncan Grant, I consider his landscapes, his interiors, his still life paintings, his decorative work, and his works that were considered especially outstanding, such as "Bathing" and "The Dancers." Most of them express the exuberance and joy that I associate with Duncan Grant, the artist and the person. There is a lyricism, spontaneity, and sensuousness to his work that many critics have observed. I admire all of them. But my favorites, the ones that I always want to see are the portraits, like this one:
a bending, whirling, human dance.
I would like to present the process of criminal investigation here as I currently conceive of it. I have no background in law enforcement whatsoever, and not nearly as much understanding of this topic as I would like. Those in a position to shoot down my misconceptions in this regard are invited to do so, and teach me something new in the process. This ringing self-endorsement out of the way, let us proceed.
The year-old label includes a vast repertoire of one-of-a-kind and limited edition designs. Named as a tribute to Schretter’s paternal grandmother and the origins of her business, King Street, NYC and Boston, MA, the Harriet Kingston collection combines premium high-end reclaimed vintage components to create timeless, whimsical creations while conserving materials and avoiding the use of newly minted natural resources.
Hi baby boy. I miss you so much! I can't believe you would have been a year and a half old and gone for a year and a half. Your little brother is helping to ease the pain, but there are days where I feel the hurt just as much as I did a year and a half ago. I try not to think of what you would be doing now, but sometimes I can't help it. You would be walking and talking and I know you'd be helping to give Lucas his bottles. I've been seeing a lot of dragon flies lately and I've been wondering if you've been sending them to me. Grandma and Grandpa took another pinwheel out to your gravestone. They had Lucas help them pick it out. He picked out two to play with at their house during they day. We all miss you bud.
Anyway. I got no pictures of the tape cover, no pictures of the bands, no nothing. I'm not even sure if that's the real title of this cassette. And yet the music lives on. I have little or no connection to the scene documented here. I just thought it was interesting. Vegas was a small town until about 1990. It must have been something back in 83 for the bands and the audiences. Making punk rock exist out of pure momentum out in the middle of nowhere. Good for them. And us.
My Suzuki, 1994 Intruder 800 cc, has come home from the shop where the mechanic rebuilt the carburetor for which I paid a good deal of money. Unfortunately, the choke is wonky and in order to start the bike, I have to pull in the clutch, wrap my long streamers around it to hold it in tightly, then pull out the choke and use the other hand to hit the throttle and ignition start button. So a three handed job to start it or a two handed job with streamers to start it. Once it is warmed up and ready to go, it pokes and backfires and chugs down the street. I am a bit worried about going to far with it in case she breaks down entirely. So I am trying to run out the tank of gas on 10 and 20 mile trips at a time. Not very satisfying. However, I have learned that I am still very good at driving in a straight line! No worries there. Turning corners has become a bit of a challenge again. I can’t do any tight corners. Luckily the parking garage has nice wide corners and as I chug up to our third floor parking spot, my pipes usually set off about 3 or 4 car alarms. I love those loud pipes.
9 out of 10.
RoboCop could very easily have become ridiculous if the first look at our title crime-fighter in action looked more like a fancy Halloween costume or something that looked more befitting a 1940s serial. Fortunately Verhoeven had the talent of Rob Bottin and his crew at his disposal, which designed one of the most detailed, effective cyborg suits ever. For 1987, the sight of a metallic, rubber-jointed product that seemed quite plausible in and of itself. We also get a cool stop-motion assist in scenes involving a huge monstrosity of a robot from Phil Tippett and his little helpers. Even if Bottin and Verhoeven didn't always see eye to eye on the look of their baby, it seems both were happy with the end result.
I’m excited about how this will be portrayed in the production but don’t want to give it away, as I think the surprise element is crucial, but I’ll offer these pictures as a hint. (I’ll also say that our conductor makes a phenomenal cameo in this as well…)
New York furrier: The one-time fashion insider used the expertise of a Manhattan furrier to sew her fresh pelts together. Sewing took four days
Spring’s cherry blossom, feathered tulips and yellow forsythia have made way for oversized gladioli, irises and bright, showy rhododendron. And, here today, gone tomorrow, are my favourite – the heart-breakingly beautiful bleeding hearts.
Place in the oven for 20 minutes.
Do you think there will be justice for Anousone and his family? Watch with us as the trial unfolds next week.
Evil doesn’t always look scary. Built at the turn of the twentieth century by one of the richest and most powerful men in the world, tucked away in the pristine Pocono Mountains, Summer Place seems the very essence of charm and beauty. But behind the yellow and white trimmed exterior lurks an evil, waiting to devour the unwary. Seven years ago, Professor Gabriel Kennedy’s investigation into paranormal activity at Summer Place ended in tragedy and destroyed his career. Now, Kelly Delaphoy, the ambitious producer of a top-rated ghost-hunting television series, is determined to make Summer Place the centerpiece of an epic live broadcast on Halloween night. To ensure success, she needs help from the one man who has come face to face with the evil that dwells in Summer Place-a man still haunted by the ghosts of his own failure. Kennedy wants nothing to do with the event. But Summer Place has other plans. As Summer Place grows stronger, Kennedy along with the paranormal ghost hunting team, The Supernaturals, sets out to confront…and if possible, destroy…the evil presence dwelling there. But sometimes in a paranormal investigation, the ghosts hunt you…
Truth is what I yearn to share
Belief: You don’t have to have a degree in marketing to get great marketing results. But you do have to believe in yourself and your actions. I call it a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you believe that can’t do something, you’re right – you won’t do it. On the other hand, if you believe that you can learn what it takes to get better marketing results you will.
I am loving the colored denim coming out for this Fall, but I wanted to stick with Summer colors for this post.
pine for home
Everyone remember to keep your comments coming for Garrosh’s Poetry Challenge! In the meantime, though, I still need to finish telling you what all went on while I was up in Hyjal, because–
When I left the old blog and started this new one, many months later, I did a couple of things. I educated myself. I read everything I could on or about blogging. I got really clear about my must-have wants and intentions right off the bat. In the beginning they were: I don’t want to spend too much time doing anything techie, I want to spend it on the writing. I want feedback. I also want feedback from people who do NOT know me and my comedy. I want to foster a loving and yet, hilarious community of good souls who get it. It was that simple. Not much more thought out than that.
Bike - Supergrass – Turn Ons (good cover of Syd Barret’s classic)
We’re selves of our former shadows.
Serve!
So I am picking Matt up at the airport today.....I haven't seen him in 5 weeks! I swear.....I can't wait until my life is normal again.
I got up and swept my robe around me, brrrr it was so cold. I got closer to the window and from the light off the lamp post i could see that it was snowing.
In a dictatorship, there are only two types of behaviors: those that are required and those that are forbidden. It's not like democracy where there's a whole lot of grey area in between.
Compasses are normally filled with fluid to provide dampening for the card and provide stability of operation. Some compasses use mineral spirits as the fluid and others have talked of alcohol, glycerin and even kerosene. Whatever fluid is used, if it leaks out, then there is a problem!
But today the High Court found that iiNet had no direct technical power to prevent its customers from using the BitTorrent file sharing system to infringe copyright. "Rather, the extent of iiNet's power to prevent its customers from infringing ... copyright was limited to an indirect power to terminate its contractual relationship with its customers," the court said.
The next two hours Randall let me ponder over the error of my ways and to soak in my guilt. Absent his forgiveness I thought I might absolve myself by writing this. During my writing, I think he may have been reading over my shoulder, because amazingly to me, Randall suddenly deliberately left his perch, resolutely crossed the room, jumped up on the footstool at my feet, stretched out facing me and fixed his gaze on mine. I slowly reached out my hand wondering if I would receive a claw-extended paw in return, or maybe a quick head lunge forward with teeth biting enough to hurt but probably not break the skin. Instead I was allowed to gradually stroke Randall's body, as he eventually purred his forgiveness.
And here’s the best part of Ho’oponopono, it didn’t require meditation or specific ritual to cleanse our minds. It also didn’t tie to any religion specifically. These five phrases can be used anywhere, everywhere, to any situation we like, to people we love or dislike and use it for love. All we need to do is to repeat these phrases many times (many times = mantra).
Mac Apps
The explosion box closed:
Kids Polo Shirts With Halloween Logos
When and why did weddings become so crazy producing bridezillas rather than domestic goddesses?
Several weeks ago our power went out. It was early evening and starting to get dark so my husband started looking for a flashlight. He found one. Just one. I couldn't help but get a sick feeling in my gut when I realized how unprepared we were for a power outage . What if there was a bigger emergency?
Molten Cookie Pie - June 3
A trade mark was not the only identifier Dürer put on his pictures. He left lines of commentary on the sketches, and gave the finished engravings elaborate marble tablets explaining his subject and his purpose. He wanted to tell the world that he, Albrecht Dürer of Nuremberg, had done this: that it was made, gemacht, with his genius and effort ...".Curiously, while Dürer was particular to make sure that his initials appeared on his work so that it could be easily identified, the author of this article is apparently anonymous.
Dominated by it’s neighbor, pulsing with righteousness
But if she did go through with the abortion, Jack would continue to love her. And the situation would be just like before the pregnancy.
Resist the urge to hang out with your cell phone.
The women stopped dancing after approximately two to a maximum of three minutes, the second women later claimed that she had taken offence to a smutty comment made by one of the players, after which both women refused to continue dancing. Again there are differing accounts as to what occurred. Certainly some of the players, including two who would later be charged with rape, had found the event rather distasteful and decided to leave, whilst others felt they had been ripped off, and were concerned that they had paid out $800 for less than three minutes of entertainment.
Prominant figures from the Warhammer 40,000 universe feature in extended cameo roles, but this is ultimately Talos' story. And it is a good story! Trash? Sure, of course it is. But about as good as trashy sci-fi fantasy gets.
and held that post until his death. Although he also continued to
Hope these help!
As we were driving there, I mentioned to Jesse that I sometimes miss being a kid and doing kid things like running around sprinklers, bike rides, and playing outside with no cares in the world.
TRADITIONAL MUSIC
1 cup slivered almonds- I left these out as I didn't have any.
Many companies stay the same size or even downsize during difficult times and it’s the Directors, in conjunction with the Senior Management Team who will make the difficult decisions about what’s right for the ongoing viability of the business at any particular time.
Its ride quality are also drawn to sharply creased sculpting around the 2005 acura tl accessory a tad disappointing and artificial, with little feedback from the used 2005 acura tl, this 286-horsepower V6 offers 28 more than an ordinary exhaust system. It increases the used 2005 acura tl by allowing the used 2005 acura tl are regulated before they enter the 2005 acura tl photo than the invoice 2005 acura tl if you catch it on a 6-speed manual box concluded the used 2005 acura tl. This short-throw mixer gratifies with every TL, including base models. Let alone the used 2005 acura tl with the 2005 acura tl invoice be on a canyon road with a set of Pirelli ice and snow radials mounted, it still felt a touch light and skittish in some provinces for those with a typical Honda front MacPherson suspension and multi-link rear, to which they've paid more attention in damping and noise control. The ride isn't as harsh as the 2005 acura tl rims of the used 2005 acura tl a truck, rather than fiddling with the 2005 acura tl modification and conveniences we have come to expect in premium-level vehicles.
This is why Yoshinkan is sometimes referred to as the “hard-style”. Yoshinkan Aikidokas will practice the basics in the form of solo movements called kata. Nevertheless, as Yoshinkan Aikidokas gain more experience, their movements become more fluid and will eventually develop spontaneity of techniques.
In truth, the blood intoxicates psyches -
Here is my card that I'm entering for the Peachy Keen Challenge. The only requirement is that it has a pocket. I made this flower pot note card. The note goes inside the flower pot and that's my pocket.
01. Shine on You Crazy Diamond (interrupted)
I do have a new page to share today. It is up over on the Pink Paislee blog, but I am going to share it here. The theme I worked with was called Material Mix and basically it means mix those different lines together!
Making the voyage this year,
If you'd like to make these handles you'll need to cut your handle strip 2" x 16 - 18" depending on how much gather you want. You'll also need about 9 1/2" of 1/4" elastic.
college notes 1934
Tools: Martha Stewart butterfly punch, stapler
Lately, the plethora of atheist books written have gained soaring popularity, and atheism has being making lots of noises – so much that terms such as “second coming of atheism” and “new atheism” could be read in many articles. Well-known atheists such as Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, Daniel Dennett and Christopher Hitchens are seen as the leaders of this sudden rise of atheism. These people have often being called “militant atheists” – not only by theists, but also surprisingly by other atheists too. This is mainly because they are seen as equally dogmatic and rigid in their beliefs, and their tones often come across as strident and arrogant.
www.millbrookindustries.com
The other side has my apothocary jars that are filled with speckled eggs and pastel jelly beans, I'm having a hard time telling the kiddos they are just for decoration, and not a constant snacking trough, more then once I've caught Peyton pulling a chair over to the piece of furniture so he can get a little snack, and as I'm typing this I realize that the bathroom step stool is over there now, a little friend must've snuck a few more! : )
Especially when it comes to cooking. I like to whip up some home-made wonders once in a while, but my favorite cooking websites (allrecipes.com, epicurious.com, notakeout.com, and all their uppity friends), are causing a bald patch on the back of my head from my frustrated hair-pulling shenanigans.
So, Super Amazing Mum, I thank you for the tag and I hope to meet you one day so you can give me a lesson in red lipstick as I haven't mastered the shade or application! Anyway, moving on to me and what I love about myself.....
The bouquet was presented to the lady of the house some years ago.
Karla sent me a fascinating article on how certain beers — your higher-alcohol, full-bodied ones, such as Belgians — can be a tasty treat if you let them age for a few months or years. I'd love to try this, except I don't have a wine cellar where I could keep them at 68 degrees or less. I have a beer fridge, but that would be too cold to let the aging happen. And during the Texas summers, I just can't afford to keep my house at 68, although the wife would very much like that.
Alright, I think that's it for today. I am about to run to Target to pick up a birth ball so I can start practicing the prenatal exercises/stretches we learned in class last night.
We turned to a known cause to help us promote our efforts. You may or may not have heard of BRAS FOR A CAUSE. A great theme-oriented idea to raise unique awareness of cancer with the help of artists. A decorated bra competition is held to showcase the imaginative endeavors of artists. The surface of an actual bra is the “canvas” by which an artist is free to embellish in any tasteful fashion. It is then displayed for public viewing. At our event, we are raising funds by allowing event visitors to vote on their “People’s Choice Award”. For a small fee, they can vote and their dollars help the cause at the same time. Our exhibit is free to the public.
My friend explained that she was never really athletically inclined and hated gym class all through out her education and that rope-climbing and push ups and situps were embarrassing and confidence-crushing experiences.
End of Volume Two
Today has been intense. I cried as I drove to my non-stress test this morning because I couldn't help but think of Aiden's final days when I was in my 37th week with him. Thankfully, Kevie did a wonderful job while I was on the monitor which put my heart and mind at ease for a bit. And now, as I write this, his hiccups and wiggles are giving me great comfort.
Once Reality was school age, I thought I’d just enroll her in the same school as the kids and let nature take its course. After all, the other 8 was gonna want to know who their half sister was. Especially, if she was sitting right there in the same school as them. I was gonna go about it all calmly until I seen on television that Oprah had invited Kate and her kids to go to Africa. There were going to go to Oprah’s school and talk about what it was like to be famous.
Before I continue, I would strongly advice all readers (and certainly all EBM and guideline-skeptics) to read this excellent and clearly written BJM-editorial by David Sackett et al. that deals with misconceptions, myths and prejudices surrounding EBM : Evidence based medicine: what it is and what it isn’t [5].
And slept in burning, eternal grace
nor is it enough to continue for a time to pray;
He couldn’t have been anymore spot-on.
"I spoke to the female sergeant and told her I had all my workers' registration papers on file at the office, and would bring them to the police station," Hall said.
In Britain, as we all know BNP leader Nick Griffin was subjected to a politically motivated criminal prosecution for making statements which have since been proven to be true. Mr. Griffin's claims that gangs of Muslim paedophiles have been grooming white girls for sex, have been echoed by ex-Justice secretary Jack Straw, and confirmed by various journalists and leading police officers. However, as Judge Norman Jones informed Nick Griffin at his trial, that he was telling the truth was no defence against race hate charges.
Well tonight I was spoilt for choice what I wanted to colour. I sorted out my room so I've got some space to craft! Opened my promarkers box and little fingers have been there and rearranged them aaaargh! Spent half hour putting them back in order and got scribbling on this one which is a new digi by Hannah Lynn from Crafts and Me.
Jared Olivetti:
Wednesday, 5/16: Skillet pork chops with mustard sauce and veggies
but because of the great commision.
“How is it that you do not understand that I spoke it not to you concerning bread, that you should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees? Then understood they how that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread, but of the doctrine of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees.” Matthew 16:11-12
This doesn't have to be at all perfect. Just a rough divide.
The Lyrics:
It was the most incredible revelation; here was the lens through which I see the world, perfectly articulated and preceding me by forty years. To this day, it informs so much of what I think and talk about. I went on to study most of the rest of Jacobs' body of work, but even now I keep a copy of The Death & Life next to my bed for quick-reference, finding it as prescient and useful as ever on an almost daily basis. I can hardly speak about anything without relating it back to the built environment or transit infrastructure or demographics or history; it bores the snot out of my friends but frankly, I don't care to think about things any other way.
A recent phenomenon in outdoor beverage concession sales is roving sales teams of ladies bringing “Jager Shots” to your seat. At first it seemed as normal as the beer and soda sellers, employees wading through the crowds to save you from having to wait in line. But the frequency of seeing them pass by with trays of test-tube size shots was surprising. There will be no moralizing from me on people who choose to get high or feelin’ good on beer, wine or pot at concerts. I personally enjoy a few beers as much as anyone, but the constant effort Pavilion employees were involved in to sell as much “Jager”as possible seems to me to have crossed the line. No one forces you to buy shots at a concert, but this easy access “service” just seems potentially dangerous for others. Let’s see, tickets ranging from $49.00 to $150.00, $25.00 T-Shirts, $8.50 beers, $13.00 hamburgers with chips and a soda is not enough profit from 10,000 people? Why don’t we all tip the Jager ladies $1.00, BUT DON’T BUY THE JAGER SHOTS. I contacted the Pavilion management office and they refused to answer any questions or comment on their concession/alcohol policies.
“Billions of miles away from this world, hidden beyond a multi-gravitational meteor field, three astroid belts, and a dwarf black hole, is a small and unassuming celestial body. I can’t find much of a different way to explain it. It isn’t a star, it’s not a meteor. It has an atmosphere, but I wouldn’t exactly call it a planet. It is, however, a world.”
I can still remember the excitement when we were all celebrating the pregnancy & the upcoming arrival of a new little person in all our lives. I need to explain that some of my childhood friends have stopped being my friends, and have become family. I’m Tia Lori to all of their kids and I consider them extensions of me… So when my friend’s water broke on Christmas Eve 2009 we all were on pins and needles. I remember I even took a cake to the hospital on December 28th to Celebrate my friend’s birthday… Then on December 29th, Alessandra was born, way too early… She was with us for a brief time but somehow she will always be with us. I will never forget the sadness on my friend’s face when I went to see her at the hospital, at that moment I wish there was something I could do to make it all go away. But it was way beyond what I could control. So now I walk…
It's not exactly the most reflective or inspirational environment in which to make New Year's Resolutions. But though we might be capable of changing our own destinies, we can't do a lot about the date.
China is looking here, to Western Sichuan on the eastern edge of the Tibetan plateau, where dozens of rushing tributaries of the upper Yangze surge down canyons’ steep vertical rises, for energy. The Dadu River, which we drove along for two days, is said to have 50% more hydropower potential (“exploitable installed capacities”) than the Three Gorges. Reports say there will be 22 hydroelectric power plants along the Dadu, creating flood zones, requiring the removal of something like 100,000 people from valley to high ground. One Chinese environmental group reports that no branch rivers will remain natural, but will become “cascade reservoirs.” No one knows the ecological outcome of such fundamental changes to hydrological cycles, river connectivity and dynamics.
Add a teaspoon of salt to the mix and let it sit for about 5-6 hours. I usually soak the mix overnight.
In a future experiment I will try making my own sweetened condensed milk. I've actually been meaning to do that for years. I already make my own brown sugar, so once I conquer the sc milk I will have 'Scratch Coffee Creamer' truly from scratch! So cool!
They’re probably the funniest people I know.
Miss Larrieux survives on a diet of meat, potatoes, cereals and an occasional apple but refuses even a single slice of carrot on her dinner plate.
I decided to delve into my stash of shaped cards again and used this Elegant Step Card from Which Craft. The yellow card stock has been in my stash for ages along with the flowers and gems.
Mr. Kitchen and I are sightseeing types — we’re not prone to lying on beaches. We love history and exploring a new city is a past-time that we both have really enjoyed. (Except driving in said new cities. That one nearly ended our marriage before it really got started.) We had run ourselves pretty ragged running around London and then Scotland, until we got to Skye, which is the. most. beautiful. place. on. earth. Yes. Each word needed its own punctuation. It’s that damn gorgeous. And the seafood! If you like seafood, I’m convinced you’ll never find better than on that island.
You can place all of the ingredients in a crockpot for 6 to 8 hours. I just made it
who live and move but have no being.
Science suspect that
Unlike Midtown, Bucktown or Little Five Points, you're in the 'burbs here. So the attitudes aren't always as liberal. And it was a Saturday afternoon, so there were a lot of people there. And I can just hear some of you say "I could never go out to a mall on a Saturday afternoon! I might run into someone I know, or I won't be passable enough, or people will point at me and say bad things or..."
When I first came to know Him and trust in Him, I was depressed and lost. But He took my broken heart and mended it. He made everything right. As this song says, Jesus will take “The broken hearts of lonely souls / And make all things right.”
I will still try to update, but it won't be as frequent.
Thanks to all my wonderful followers for sticking by me while i get a hang of this whole blog thing :) Your the best!!
following reprisals.
I've got balls bigger than your pea shaped fucking brain,
Pernik: for giving it a shot
over all,
at doing other people’s hair than my own
Second, and most important, Olivieri admits himself that elliptical orbits of the planets are the crux of the issue, and I quote his admission.
So, today, 7 years later, I don’t eat red meat, processed meats, fish and chicken on the bone…so that leaves me with chicken fillets only. The reason for this is: Fish doesn’t look like they meant to be eaten, red meat is just gross and if it wasn’t for a really badly cooked chicken I was made to eat (that still had traces of fresh blood on the bone), fillet chicken is all I’m eating. So, being “older and wiser” and still no concrete valid reason for not eating meat, I’ve decided to clue myself up on vegetarian terms and the benefits of my eating arrangements, through a series of upcoming blogs…
For example: “I don’t think you and Bill will have fun if you’re worried about Sara. Why don’t you hire a sitter to watch her so you can celebrate with us.”
I attended last fall and was gobsmacked by the breadth and depth of offerings and friendly faces. My judgement was biased, to be candid, by knowing many of the vendors from Oaxaca!
Anyway, net net: ”letting go?’ Not my forte. However, denial? Particularly about certain things — like whether my four-Diet Cokes-a-day habit is breeding some additive-induced cancer, or if I’m going to hell for fantasizing about cryogenically freezing my people so that I can score 6 to 12 guilt-free months of wine drinking and trash novel-reading? Well, that’s my specialty. I do denial like the Dali Lama does peace: 100 percent and without a trace of doubt. Seriously, all I need is a new haircut and a pretty, sunset-hued toga. I know it’s not healthy. But don’t kick a cowgirl when she’s down. It’s not polite.
The winner of the Simon Gift Certificate, as chosen by random.org is....
When writing about a place, we have a temptation to describe it all at once, but it’s more effective to begin at a distance, then move in for the smaller details. So there you are out in the snow and cold. What is the panoramic view? What specifically do you see in the distance? What sounds are coming to you from far away?
And I began to realize that hiding my expressions from my face was denying myself and my friends the intimacy of seeing how I actually felt. He said he could actually see and feel what I was feeling. My feelings did not become his own but he could begin to see how much he had hurt me and in allowing him to see it I allowed him to get closer to me.
with Jamie Oliver, and the 2004
Anyway, ACC, I’m glad you’re having a good time with Ted. Rescue mounts can have their quirks, no question about it, but over time it does get better, once they’ve had time to realize that they’re safe now. And remember, yeah, those roflcopters are cool and all, but a roflcopter can’t love.
As a friend of mine pointed out, Ethel could have been playing the Doctor the whole time—encouraging his affections to ensure he’d keep her safe. But I doubt it, because this lady does little to guide her own destiny otherwise. It’s amazing to see Dietrich, only a year away from The Blue Angel (1930), playing a woman this mousy. Had she brought an early version of Lola-Lola onto that ship, we’d have something to talk about.
The Dog eating freak and his endless fiascos just won't go away either!
* How to Calculate Readership: Circulation is the number of newspapers that are printed and distributed each day. Readership reflects the actual number of people who read those newspapers.
Me: "What if it's just a giant uterus that people had to throw babies at and if the babies stick, they win the game or something?"
Chocolate Pudding Mousse
So it is not a matter of acquiring detachment. It is a matter of seeing the foolishness of attachment when you suffer in attachment; then you do not go to the opposite. Now, what happens? You want to be attached and at the same time you want to be detached, and in this conflict there is pain. If in pain itself you realize the finality of pain, if you do not try to escape to the opposite, then that very pain will free you from both attachment and detachment.
Are floating about somewhere unable to reach out to assist you,
As an adult, I see that this was once again, evidence of how my mother’s Buddhist practice informed her parenting. In Buddhism, it is called right attitude or right view and it is one of the steps of the Eight Fold Path. The steps refer to a set of practices available to eliminate suffering and achieve equanimity in our human experience. Other items on the list are right speech, right livelihood, right concentration, right action, right mindfulness, right effort, and right intention.
Our Senior Pastor, Lon Solomon, asked the two following questions in a recent sermon:
Again, apologies for the delay, but sometimes, even life gets in the way of a great read!
Yesterday I posted about the Newbie Blogger Initiative. I’ve gotten the chance to read and comment on a few new blogs, and I’m pretty stoked about the whole thing.
I asked myself, "How can I make glimmer mist without the powders???"
I am not going in any order, I am just going to go. I am going to follow the light that is leading me in this and work/draw/paint on this project in His timing. No deadlines, no pressure, just to keep working at it.
What did you think of the video?
He: (snorts) Sweetie, I _have_ someone who does that.
I have downloaded a new Blogger version.
Graphics the game is superb, some areas are a joy to witness and I found myself stopping every once and a while just to look around. The conversations between Nathan and Victor are as brilliantly scripted and acted as ever and levels like the aircraft and desert really throw you into the thick of an adventure.
Tot was given the choice to stay in her room or move to the spare "green" bedroom (where you might remember she camped out in for months and more months and more months not long ago). Despite my feelings about it, she opted to go into the "green room" (equals more work for me). Consequently, Bean would go into Tot's old room and Bean's room would return to the nursery for the baby.
So if I'm not around the next couple of days it's cause I'm taking a hometown hiatus. Having fun with family and making an attempt at building my brand. Then when I get back it'll be about time to start cookin' the next Spawnie. So much excitement packed in a week. I may implode from the thrill.
● South Africa, which reintroduced DDT in 2003 after a seven-year ban, saw its malaria rates plummet 80%.
When the time feels right for you, take action. Take the time to reflect on your own inner truths so that you can ‘clear the way’ to firstly trust and then follow your own gut (also why a clear gut is important). Clear your solar plexus (chakra or energy centre in your stomach area that governs your intuition and ‘gut knowing’) and surround yourself with lots of bright yellow colour which will also raise your spirits and bring in sunshine vibes of happiness. Sun energy is important too in this clearing process.
- 60% of first district respondents “want Benishek replaced”
1 determine
To taste whole joys. Gems which you women use
So I'm up, taking a break from folding laundry.
So there you have it. Some cryptic message, embedded int eh asphalt. Who is doing it? And why? We may never know.
In (Part 2) of this blog, we talked about the “Level of Expectation” process in your Sales Department.
1. Have exceptional coloring skills. Most of our images are made to be
Rest In Peace Sweet Girl.
That's enough of the garden for now. It's still a work in progress. I think I've planted 50 or so tomato plants around the outskirts of the garden...some corn, lots of peppers, cucumbers, squash (still have a bunch I started from seeds to plant), etc. It's got a great start and I'm happily still working in it a little every day.
Vehicles at cost price for ECA members Dismissal for poor work performance during probation Who is an independent contractor? Installation of thermal insulation around electrical equipment ECA (SA) schedule of rates New ombudsman and new heat pump division
“Hello? Jenro?”
Then I thought: "I don't even like graham cracker crusts. Who even bought this?"
When I heard about this new development at the Piggly Wiggly Country Village I got excited. I had visions of a large scale conundrum of twisting trails, confusing crossroads and frustrating dead ends. Sadly, I was a little disappointed. In reality, it is fairly easy to navigate the narrow maize paths and the only real concerns are a slap in the eye from an encroaching mealie stalk or the threat of being bowled over by a swarm of sprinting children.
We went to dinner with P’Dacha (?) and P’Om last night. P’Dacha is
Lee Harvey Oswald. 500 to 1
His expression changed as he looked at me and I knew he remembered our rocky past. My heart leapt into my throat. This was not the face of a man happy to see an old chum.
Hopefully not just yet.
- One entry per person (unless you use a Little Miss Muffet Stamps image)
We wish to acknowledge that without the work of these incredible filmmakers, and music producers it would not have been possible for Awakening As One to share its message of Peace and Unity with such beauty, heart and soul.
Prim Blessings,
All you have to do is take one pad, and lightly rub in circular motions over cleansed skin. You’ll feel your skin being exfoliated, and you can even see some of the dead skin, or leftover makeup, being swept right out onto the pad! You’ll want to focus on the areas that you have any dry patches or flaky skin.
“No.” I said, “Not yet.”
'Which are?' asked the Blonde.
Wobbly bits – well I have definitely become wobblier recently. I guess I am in my healthy weight range, but my tummy has always bothered me, particularly after having children. I have recently noticed that my bum is joining in though and that is not on!! I disagree with using weight as a measurement of getting slimmer so I really want to focus on how I look and feel. Saying that I did weigh myself this morning for the first time in months – and that was really because I know that most people associate with this, and would probably want to know how much I weigh at the start of my getting-toned journey. So my current weight is 9 stone and half a pound. I know that probably sounds small to lots of people, but I am only 4 foot 11 inches tall and every pound shows on my face and tummy (and now bum!!). So as I said I want to reduce wobbliness and at the same time gain energy and vitality. I have no goal weight or dress size – I just want to feel happy in a bikini in the summer and be able to jump around as much as my heart desires…oh and of course live as long as possible in a fit and strong body.
Tactics
How much of a demonstration (or a ‘show’ – now – my life?) is needed?
Mix the dry ingredients together in a large bowl. Mix the wet ingredients together in another bowl. Add the wet to the dry and stir (fold the wet into the dry). The batter will be lumpy. Add fruit if desired or whatever else you want, such as chocolate chips or chopped nuts. Fill each muffin cup about 2/3 full. Bake at 400 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes. The recipe makes 12 muffins.
I know the 365 is now over, but I STILL give you all BIG baking hugs and muffins!! xoxoxox
Could never reach our destiny.
11. Adagio – Allegro 8:52
Boneless chicken- 500 gms (I used chicken thighs)
“Many women put off having a child in the wake of The Great Recession,” Wilcox says. “Now, we think more women and couples have decided to go ahead and have a child—especially that second or third child that they put off at the height of the recession.”
Once they see my new glasses, they are going to feel all kinds of guilt and remorse for tormenting me so much.
I really enjoyed the effect although it wasn't "magical" per se. All of these top coats applied beautifully, dried quickly and with a matte finish. They crack very well and I was impressed that they will still crack even if you apply lightly over an already cracked area. I don't like that this looks like black crackle, I wish it was clearer that this was purple, green, etc. crackle as well as show the tint. I do understand that it's not possible considering what it is you get. Just shooting an idea out there!
Or about a newborn who had to fight for his life for weeks in the neonatal care, because some visiting relative had forced a pinch of sugar into his mouth which had some bacteria?
2 Tbsp. cornstarch
1 Astronomy Domine
The Esk river is more of a stream than a river here and, for quite a lot of its length, takes the form of pleasantly rocky bathing pools linked by waterfalls. Next time I visit I'll take a towel. As it was, we were restricted to the banks. Much to our amazement -and amusement- as we walked up the valley, we kept running into a group of four young men dressed in helmets, T shirts and wetsuits who were swimming, gill-scrambling and tombstoning their way up the river. They were good-natured lot. They had something of a "Three Men in a Boat" aura about them (well, four in this case, and no boat) that made one feel as good to be alive as they evidently did. It's easy to be a Jeremiah where tombstoning is concerned. The Jeremiahs in this case may be right: speaking for myself, I definitely lack the nerve for it, and don't relish the idea of swapping in a split second a life spent swimming in rivers for one spent in a wheelchair. If nothing else though, these guys certainly made a good case for the importance of having fun.
Dutch Crunch Topping: 15 minutes active time, 15 minutes passive time
A decision by the new owners of Cooley Distillery not to supply whiskey to independent operators has been slammed as "anti-competitive" by Slane Castle owner Lord Henry Mountcharles.
roll out into a rectangle (about 10x12)
Supposedly, the movie will do more than just scare the pants off of you. Scott has stated that the film explores the creation and beginning of humanity. While I already have my opinions on the matter of creation (ones that I may share someday if any interest is shown) and it is very doubtful that my opinions will be swayed, it should be interesting to see what concepts are brought forth in the movie.
Actor, Sp: Joanne Woodward
I am looking so forward to tomorrow as all of my sons will be here for dinner. We are having a wonderful tri-tip and garlic potatoes. YUM..... I am sure we will spend time in conversation "discussing" all the "mistakes" they all endured through their childhoods, haha, and the hopefully the joys as well.
Wow, so that all leads up to the check out. The single worst moment for a child in life. I remember, it was the worst. And of course the stores do a great job at making sure they make it a living nightmare for any parent in this situation. Will all the snacks in grabbing distance, and not enough room to fit all the groceries in the baggage carousel. What could be a 5 minute process turns into a 15 minute process. Then to top it all off watching your oldest slap your youngest in the face for fun, and having other people around watching you. What do you do? Do you slap him back? Not in 2011… Jail doesn’t seem like a good option to me. So you take him out and you hold his hand tight enough so he can’t escape. Well guess what your child will almost always make you feel like an abusive parent. Dad your hurtinn me…. let go… your hurtinn me. Even though you know the only reason it hurts them is because they are trying to escape to run to whatever mischief they can get into.
Last time at 10 weeks almost 11 weeks I went into the ER with heavy bright red bleeding. I was freaking out thinking I had lost the baby and when I had an ultrasound done I was so relieved that baby was still in there moving all over the place. I was told I had a threatened miscarriage. I was discharged and went on like normal, wasn't put on any kind of bed rest, the next day i went to work and took and advancement exam.
09 - Dreams I'll Never See 08:42
$998.00 + Shipping
depress me.
Brew Day Photos:
The word Church comes from the greek word Ekklesia, which means “assembly” or “gathering”. In Acts the original name for what is now the Church was The Way. But as the people of God, eventually called “Christians”, (“little Christ’s) began to gather daily and weekly, they referred to their gathering as a church (Makes sense). Eventually “church” replaced the title “The Way”. And now Church means much more than “gathering” It means an institution, a building, a place, a group. It doesn’t help to deconstruct the word and make our own definition. We can roll with today’s vernacular. But just know that when the coming Keene Church hears the word Church my hope as that Church’s pastor is that they will think first and foremost of the gathered people of God for the purpose of worship, whether they gather in Small Groups (House Church) or as a large Sunday Morning Gathering, not a building or an institution. My hope also is that their defininition of church doesn’t go beyond the fellow believers with whome they gather. So that as the individual House Churches gather throughout the week are part of one church, so individual gatherings that gather in Christ on Sunday Morning are part of the one greater Church of Keene, which are part of the one greater church of the whole world. Every believer is a brother or sister. Christ has one bride. She is called the Church. And she loves to gather in the name of Jesus Christ.
Reviewer: Christopher Wadlow (Professor of Law, UEA Law School, University of East Anglia, Norwich, England)
If this had happened 2 days earlier, we probably would have all driven up to Nebraska with my parents straight from Tennessee. The kids are sad, but they all (except the youngest two) got to visit her within the past few weeks during their visit.
Whatever you think the ‘truth’ may be. Whatever you believe the ‘situation’ to be. These things are just the constructs of your mind. Your perceived reality.
Speaking of doing things now and not waiting, I went mountain biking for the first time this month... what have I been waiting for?? This picture is me at the top of a big hill (at over 8000 ft above sea level no less)!
I love peaceful mornings of the weekend. No kids fighting over who gets to bathe first, no need to check out kids not forgetting to bring their homeworks or projects, no need to prepare kids' lunch boxes in such a hurry...
Any yes...I can't forget my moose!! I attended a seminar given by Anchorage, AK Chamber of Commerce. He is a thank you gift for attending.
Spellman Files series by Lisa Lutz--read 3 out of 5 (series ongoing?) A woman named Isabel deals with her family of San Francisco private investigators.
There are always ghosts in Savannah but this time of year is perfect for a ghost tour. Pick your poison: go on a walking tour, a haunted trolley, in a hearse and if you're really brave, go on the All Hallows Eve Paranormal Hunt of the Dead tour.
The Snorers Wife will lie in the darkness and wonder if perhaps the couch may not be a better option, sure she'll be cold and wake up with a crink in her neck which will require fifty or more visits to the chiropractor to sort out, but really, what price does one put on a good nights sleep ?
I don’t know how well I fulfilled this requirement:
1 unmarried
All the beers were exemplary but two must be given special mention as the stand out beers of the evening. The Kernel Saison was an outstanding representation of this style of beer with a big, big nose full of fresh, sweet summer citrus notes of oranges, tangerines, clementines and lemon zest with Belgian yeasty breadiness, super smooth mouthfeel and a dryish fruity finish. It was lovely. I hear the bottle version is even better than the keg. I made a point of picking up a couple of bottles of the Saison to check out that theory. I look forward to letting you know.
Let me introduce you to the Filarial Worm (Wuchereria bancrofti). These worms are tiny, round, thread-like parasites that travel from human to human via the mosquito, the buzzing, flitting insect angel of death and pestilence.
Last Friday my mom and I went shopping. Lets just say I scored in the shoe department. :) We went to a thrift store and I got some awesome looking shoes. They are so comfortable and they were $5 + 50% off = $2.50!!! The nude heels we found at JCPenny's. I had been looking for shoes like them for my brothers wedding in July. :) I got the sandals from Payless and they are amazingly comfortable. I think it was a very successful trip. :)
there for too long. Because
The kitchen was by now firing up and the smells were lovely. Unfortunately, I only had money enough for beer and could only watch the plates of delicious looking meats and vegetables pass me by. I could have perhaps asked the midget in the kitchen if I could have a 'little something', off the books. He may not be able to see what he's cooking, but what he cooks turns out pretty good.
3. book keeping (I own a business people, this is no joke!)
“Why don’t we follow each subject as she goes about her daily life? That way
Five lame-ass zings
If everyone started their day with yoga — even for just 10 minutes — there would be less car accidents, less stress, less misunderstandings and less disappointments. There would be more positivity, more productivity and certainly much more love!
No..... they're not Gudrun, leather with spiffy flowers..... but price $0.00. Satisfaction of renewing something old into something new and fun..... priceless (well, maybe not priceless... but it sure beats spending $190.00!).
Hurricane Katrina tossed the ideal right out the window. In addition to suffering a tremendous family disappointment, we are facing insurance and other hassles, worrying about money, living in somebody else’s house, sharing said house with 8 members of our extended family (for a total of twelve people), trying to find what we need in an unfamiliar town, and feeling completely removed from the resources we usually rely on. Add into that our concern for our relatives and other residents of the Gulf coast who’ve lost so much more than we have, and I’m sure you can see that we are unschooling in less than ideal circumstances right now.
Well you can do anything but lay off of my blue suede shoes”…
Not all of the changes will be immediately apparent to BlackBerry users — in fact, one such improvement is meant to be all but invisible to people pecking out their day’s messages. Bhardwaj revealed to us that there is in essence a second, invisible keyboard that conforms over time to how a user types.
What occurred recently was that I received a request from the the BNP asking permission to re-publish some of my previous articles. As it has always been my policy to allow any Nationalist site to use my work if it furthers the Nationalist cause, I agreed to their request.
The new dual action DC plug is composed of a dual car charger splitter that allows you to power 2 mobile phones all at the same time in your car. All you need to do is plug the power adapter into your power socket and it’s set and ready to use. This is truly beneficial if you have more than 1 mobile phone in your car.
By hosting a KaBOOM! Play Day, you will not only ensure children in your community get out and play for an afternoon, but you can help make your local park or playground an inviting place, where families can spend time together for years to come. — Your friends a KaBoom!
Others like steps.
After considering her strengths she decided not to continue.
But when evening comes around and it's time to
The good news is that NJFL is willing to let middle school kids earn college points by converting 10% of it to NFL points. For example, 100 NJFL points = 10 NFL college points.
At all of the scientific evidence surely mounting
5.) If you find a tradition that you trust, generally speaking you can trust its initiates, which is important because you don’t have to vet them. You’re not walking into a situation with someone that you don’t know at all. It essentially gives you a qualified clergy. In Paganism, we don’t have a central authority. For example, in the Catholic world, the Pope is the head of the church and oversees all church issues. If something is going wrong (technically speaking), the pope has dominion over dealing with it. In Paganism, you don’t really have that, so how can you figure out if a priest or priestess is a good one? This is not to say that bad apples don’t pop up, but…it’s at least a little less likely.
This time it's different, though. These people are experts.
“They only live if you do eat them? Your sons, the Skittles?”
that you are back
I get a lot out of the social side of tango. Once, for a brief period, I even got a personal enemy, the only one I've ever had as far as I'm aware. Since all I had done to offend her was get invited somewhere because I danced relatively well, I treasured her. The look she gave me that said "what are you doing here?" was pure gold, and if am fortunate enough to keep my faculties, it will give me joy, moral and social instruction, and innocent amusement to the day I die. (Her attempt at revenge was successful as far as it went, but so lacking in ambition that I really couldn't grudge it.)
This is not about race. This is not about a white on black crime. This is not about the epidemic of black on black or Latino on Latino or White on White crime. This is simply a matter of whether or not justice was served. Did the Sanford police insure that justice was served?
Before we announce the Ninth challenge we need to announce the winner of the Eight challenge "Ribbon and Lace"
Besides being written with rapier wit and impeccable detail, the author also gives solutions for the ciphers Enola faces so that the reader can solve along with her. I know, I know, I ought to have gotten over the thrill of that sort of book back in fifth grade, but honestly, once you've gotten a taste of the detective life, you can never go back to the same dry "and then he solved the case" texts again.
-rw-r–r– 1 root root 3074 Aug 18 2004 system.prev
“If not you, no one,” the magician answered. “You are my last chance.” “
If we use electric vehicle oil use will reduce. Oil companies don’t like this. They are lobbying against any research and use of better technologies.
The Jurkis Bill as it’s known is a multi-pronged approach to revamping the state’s public toilets and changing the way citizens move their bowels outside their homes. Research and development plays a major part in the public-porcelain proposal. High up on the Jurkis hit list are disposable toilet seat covers. The bill describes the current paper variety as “highly inefficient, downright dangerous and goddammed disgusting.” Jurkis’ street team has helped induce a groundswell of discontent over Kimberly Clark’s staple product. An anonymous Circle K shopper sounded off on the effectiveness of the veil-thin potty rings, “What the hell is that thing made of, anyway? That’s the same crap my wife uses to stuff gift bags with! My kid traces comics through that same shit. Paper don’t stop no damned syphilis! Hell, I could go outside and rig me up a wreath from twigs and leaves, sit on the damned thing and feel more safer-er!”
Self confidence. Friendship. Support. Encouragement. Community.
Ever year the Girls from Neptune doll club do a Christmas Swap this year Stephanie picked up tiny Bear kits from AC moore .I think they were all of a buck fifty
I love this season of the biggest loser because they are going by the theme of no excuses. They tackle every excuse. The biggest one I hear is, I dont have time. Guess what? No, you dont. You wont have anytime left if you dont start moving, today. I have a dear friend, Karin, who is a working mom of 2, who's lost well over 100lbs ON HER OWN. Amy, is another, working mom, who has lost over 75lbs. Go make the time to get healthy, and fight for MORE time with your loved ones.
Don't do this. It sounds like one of those wretched campaign ads "My name is Grover Cleveland and I approved this ad" Just sign your name and your contact info at the bottom of the email.
“Did you bring the note?” came a voice from the darkness.
A quick and dirty post about a quick and dirty recipe.
The purpose of the Church is not to create healthy civilizations, nor does the Church exist to be yet one more outlet of good feelings and neuroses. The Church is that place where God is being reconciled to man, and man to God. It is that place where all things are being gathered together in one in Christ Jesus. It is the ecclesia, the Divine Community of the Body of Christ, in which we may be made whole and in which the truth of our existence can be made manifest.
(Henry Holt and Company)
the ex-hustlers- iago's coat; stella in need
199 4. “Law and Literature and Common Sense.” Book Review: Robert E. Rodes, Jr., Law and Literature (Notre Dame, Indiana: 1986). Review of Politics, vol. 48, pp. 472-76 (Summer 1986).
Oh, and did I mention that my parents are flying in tomorrow morning to watch Addie while we're at the hospital and help around the house for a few days? Yeah, they are.
the planet supports only me,
Totally delirious in my feverish condition, I made it to morning, no closer to a Key West sunset than I was the day before.
After two weeks of eating with the suggested menus, we came to a stage of what the program called a “cheat-day period”. In these 3-day cheat period, we were allowed to eat any food we wish (no more suggested menus from the program) even junk food!
Last year we got rides to and from the shuttle pick-up point thanks to the kindness of strangers. This year, too. Show cowboy John Hustead gave us a ride there in his pickup truck and Agua Dulce residents Paul and Carrie Riley gave us a lift back. Thanks, kind strangers who are now friends!
Satan is very close to his goal. And that brings up the whole issue if it is possible to actually clone a beer. Can I--as a mediocre homebrewer with improvised equipment, a different procedure and different grains--actually clone a beer? As much as I like The Jamil Show on the the brewing network, I have to say no. I might get close. Very close, in fact. But it won't be the same beer.
But this will come after the dancing in the streets.
I dip all my eggs in Ghirardelli chocolate that I buy in disk shapes that I find at my local candy supply store.
It's been a while since I did a REAL post. That's because I've been crazy around here getting ready to get into my new space at The Modern Cottage Company's Vintage Market. SO crazy!
From Bluff: Travel west on hwy 191 (this road becomes hwy 163 about 4 miles west of Bluff) for about 5 miles and turn right (north) onto Co Rd 262 (Butler Wash Rd) After passing through a gate near the highway, drive 1 mile and then turn left (west) onto a single track road. You can park here or continue on .2 miles to a parking area at the rim of the canyon.
In the second part of Chapter Seven, Romney discusses in-depth his plan to force-down medical costs, something that he notes was beyond the scope of the Mass plan. Romney describes some popular proposals – electronic records, on-line reporting re: prices and quality (so-called transparency), and malpractice reform – but concludes that they are not enough. Real change will require bringing the free-market to health care. Currently, health care has a multitude of incentives for over-treatment or over-use (he refers to the New Yorker article comparing costs and treatment in El Paso vs. McAllen), and Romney wants to see incentives (such as co-pays and deductibles) that discourage unnecessary visits and treatments. (Incidentally, this is why ObamaCare is trying to tax Cadillac plans to death, but labor unions deferred the tax until 2018.) Romney wants to shift toward consumer, doctor, and hospital incentives, such as paying doctors for the quality of their work instead of the quantity of their work. Romney is not hopeful re: managed care (HMOs) because top-down controls don’t work like bottom-up incentives.
Now, I would like to present to you my final MMDT card.....A tribute to Priscilla and the team.... I used Priscilla's digi birds and some Martha Stewart punched butterflies to gracefully flutter around this lovely friendship poem that expresses what I feel for my DT sisters and family. I hope you enjoy my creation and that you will consider giving this sketch a try as well. I would love to come visit you and see your interpretation of this week's sketch.
Atwood’s sound is rootsy with a hint of blues, but with a melodic sense that is more contemporary. Atwood studied classical guitar at the San Francisco Conservatory and has been called gregarious and open with a powerful voice contrasted yet complimented by his instrument of choice, guitar, resonator guitar or piano. Rare is it that we find an artist who can deliver this type of emotionality. His writing and his persona seem to come from a soul that is old; making it so when you look at this talented young artist, it makes you wonder if he hasn’t experienced a previous life. Atwood is a Damariscotta, Maine native who migrated south to explore the music that inspired him. He now resides in Asheville, NC and finds the area supportive and inspirational for him as a songwriter.
in the Zumba disc and play it on the Wii. It's been
It can be tempting as writers to start wanting to turn things into a crusade. You think that you need to improve your concentration and go on a huge trawl for any and all techniques to do so. Yet in doing this you are actually turning it into a mission. This can work but sometimes it’s better just to keep the changes to a minimum. Tell yourself you’re just going to get a puzzle book and do the odd one from time to time and you’ve done something to improve your concentration without it become a dominant direction in your mindset.
the heart of God.
Anyway, the sheet this month was all about perseverance. I made a joke with myself as I rode saying Sir Perservance, which reminded me of Sir Percivil from Bob the Builder, and PerSERVEance, which I tried to make into something meaningful, but I couldn’t manage. One of the questions on this worksheet was:
The overview of the "Visitor" tab tells you the total number of visitors over a period of one month, however if you look closer there is so much more to see. Absolute Unique visitors are the total number of first time visits which are calculated as a percentage of the total. In the case of my hypothetical blog there are 733 visits (total) and 344 Unique; this equates to 41.4% new visits for the period. The visitor to this blog spent on average of 3.42 minutes on the site (reading) and 2.19 average page views. What this tells the Blogger is that their subject matter is interesting enough for the visitor to continue beyond the landing page. In this example there are 1608 total page views. The number that is the best indicator over time is the number of Unique Visitors because as that number increases (and bounce rate decreases) it tells the author that their blog is becoming increasingly more popular. If the average minutes on the site increases the bounce rate will decrease correspondingly.
Natalya won second prize in the Houston Grand Opera's Eleanor McCollum Competition earlier this year, and although there's no video from last night's Ferrier final, there is a sample from Houston: 'Comè scoglio' from Così fan tutte, no small order for any soprano at any time. Brava, Natalya! We look forward to loving your voice for many happy years.
05. The Brave
sometimes i wonder. i don't think i'm very normal. to me it makes absolute and perfect sense. but i can see the looks of confused and worried faces of the kind souls reading this blog. i can feel their pity. and i can sense their pleas for the words to say. i don't remember what it was like to feel normal. i don't even know what is normal.
This super easy and cute organizer is so simple - and you can make it any style, shape, size that suits your needs. I made this cover for the Frosted Designs challenge o use a transparency on your project. I hope you can head on over and take a look!!
I shall build up my strength in union with The Lord and by means of His mighty power, putting on all the armour that God has given me, so that I will be able to stand up against the devil’s evil tricks. So I stand ready, with Truth as a belt right round my waist, with Righteousness as my breastplate, and as my shoes the readiness to announce the Good News of Peace. At all times carrying Faith as a shield; for with it I will be able to put out all the burning arrows shot by the evil one. And I shall accept Salvation as a helmet, and the Word of God as the sword which The Spirit has given me, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Here's the first, a frame that I made using some of the powders and one of my fav techniques...
The heightened focus on psychedelics can be attributed to contemporary research which validates the therapeutic benefits of administering psychedelic drugs in unison with psychotherapy, when other conventional treatments fail. Further support of psychedelics has been garnered because of transparency and applied ethical standards to the research methods being used.
Not in a million years would I, could I have foreseen this ability and the way it provides for every need of my life. Both financially and emotionally!
Although the year has had some low points, there have been really special times too. Like photographing some of the spring festivals in the Dandenong Ranges, near Melbourne, Victoria. Adding colour to my life was certainly uplifting. I particularly enjoyed tip toeing through the tulips and eating my way through a scrumptious plate of little Dutch pancakes.
–Character creation is meh – all characters look too “pretty”.
counterpart. Plateau State’s
Habby Anniversary, Ya'all!
Now, today, May 4, 2012, we have The Avengers in theaters – Iron Man, Hulk (played by another of my favorites, Mark Ruffalo), Thor, Captain America, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), and Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner).
Back to the song. I'm a huge XTC fan. I think they were one of the greatest groups to not only step out of Swindon but from anywhere on the planet. It would seem we now have to use the past tense when talking about them as Andy and Colin definitely appear to have fallen out for good. It's a shame but they made some brilliant music along the way. Having said all of that, I very nearly posted Tricky's version of 'Dear God', which can be found on his album, Vulnerable (2003). The Bristol boy really brings yet another dimension to the song, with vocals by Costanza accompanying the Trickster's regular growl and wheeze. Oh alright, here it is:
Sacrifices for an oblivious, unblinking pair of eyes
Jon Lee & Gerry Brown for Keytone from 1973.
Bring water to a boil. Add the eggs and bring back to a boil. Once the water is boiling, reduce it to a simmer. Cook for a total of five minutes for large eggs. Remove eggs from the pot and add to ice cold water. Once the eggs are cool enough to hold, crack open with a knife, and scoop the egg out of the shell. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.
I did a test exercise last week, putting the same post simultaneously into the blog and into Google Plus. This was a couple of days after Google announced its algorithm change and it is perhaps premature to expect it to compete with a blog stuffed full of eDiscovery related keywords with five years’ worth of indexed content. The test piece was headed Guidance Software Webinar – Migrating to the Cloud: Navigating the eDiscovery Challenges. When I last looked (using Google.com) for the search string guidance software cloud webinar the top two hits were from Guidance’s sites, my blog entry was third and the Google+ post was nowhere. As at today, my blog post is top and the Google Plus post is the second entry on page 2.
All my patterns include full size pattern pieces and following my Sew Little Fabric motto, I make sure to not over estimate fabric! I hope you love them as much as I do!
So I answer the phone, and of course the more I need to write the more trivial the call will be - and the harder it will be to get the caller off the phone and me back into the Zone.
I found Eddy on the Australian MonkeyGarage forum where he had posted pictures of the actual built, explaining how he modified the frame, made his own seat, custom handlebars and exhaustpipe using oddball parts like old bicycle handlebars..
I have been busy doing what I love, being with my Friends and Family, Home Brewing, #gents, Disc Golf and sneaking in a full work week between it all. Needless to say I have ignored the Blog. I will be posting up so new recipes and beer reviews.
The wild-card character must be the last character in the App ID string. Example App IDs for this situation could be: R2T24EVAEE.com.domainname.* or R2T24EVAEE.*
Legend of the blues Pete Frampton teams up with his Escape Committee and returns to the Full Moon with a bunch of rock/blues tones and the ability to make a guitar sing like no other. Entry is free before 9:30pm and £2 thereafter.
Has your partner ever stolen from you? Or run up debts for you to handle?
The Council of the American Association for the Advancement of Science has thought it advisable to take formal steps upon this matter, in order that there may be no ground for misunderstanding of the attitude of this Association, which is one of the largest scientific bodies in the world, with a membership of more than 11,000 persons, including the American authorities in all branches of science. The following statements represent the position of the Council with regard to the theory of evolution.
My last patient turned out to be the most interesting. She was 90 year old woman whose health had been declining over the past month. She came to us for severe abdominal pain. Her blood pressure was low and her heart rate was high indicating a severe infection and or dehydration. I decided to put in an IV and gave her a liter of saline plus IV antibiotics to cover a urinary infection. We rechecked her blood pressure and heart rat after the treatment and it had normalized. I think there may have been something more serious going on but I did not have all the resources I needed to make the diagnosis. Fortunately, that does not happen to often.
Enter Bjorn Lomborg. Lomborg is not a denier, but he is a denialist hero, because he gave them their one really strong argument for doing nothing or next to nothing. Global warming is happening, he says, and it’s a problem, but it’s not a BIG problem and certainly not so big that we have to ditch our way of life. The reason this is a strong argument is that it doesn’t make the mistake of denying the science — futile, as Lomborg knows and as I hope you do by now — it just says that the outcome may not be that bad. Scientists can’t say he’s wrong because the future of a complex system — climate combined with human civilisation — is inherently unpredictable.
On the whole I have felt pretty good, excepting a very painful knee on Wednesday night which meant no running then.
Krewe of Iris: The oldest and biggest all-female krewe in New Orleans proper, originated in 1917, and parading since 1959.
Are you tired of trying diets that don't work. You get the weight off but as soon as you get done doing it you put the weight back on. With Herbalife you start these products to lose weight and gain energy but after you hit your goal weight (which you will with consistency) you will want to continue because they make you feel that good.
Iron Lion
In Canada, the Indian Act (passed in 1876) governs who is officially a native and who is not. Whereas most native tribes are matrilineal, until recently, the Canadian government considered only whether the father is native in determining a person’s status.
I always see them at over 6000yen in used shops even they are super seedy.. !
“And we know that God causes all things to work together for good to those who love God, to those who are called according to His purpose.
But for me and the very non-agrarian pursuits I have intended for my old Harley Springer, the sign I’ve been waiting for is that lone cypress tree’s leaves.
Just integrate these two pics… (OK, I know that first pic tells everything, but in second pic Prince’s glare is totally like G-Dragon’s. And in first one, Prince’s expression is the same as G-Dragon’s. So just integreate these too) And…is it just me or Prince and G-Dragon is the same person? XDDDDD Ok, LOL. XDDD But this is really strange. O_O
I have decisions to make, then, along the way. Should I listen and learn from people with more skills, more experience, more credentials? Of course. Should I be grateful for what I learn from them? Most definitely. I am grateful. It's always better to be more informed. But should I then obediently follow all their advice?
"Good luck to you", I said. "And you know what, right here, right now, you've made your start."
Research showed that there was too much iron in the water. People throw coins in the water to help the hothouses financially. Euro coins, which replaced earlier Dutch coins, of 5, 2 and 1 cents have copper and steel. In water, these coins rust.
Those that go searching for love, only manifest their own lovelessness. And the loveless never find love, only the loving find love. And they never have to seek for it.
Advice: An acupuncturist told me that this film can be removed by sloshing 2 tablespoons of cold-pressed olive oil in your mouth for 10-15 minutes (don’t swallow, whatever you do), then spitting it out into the toilet — not the sink, for you just removed toxins from your body and don’t want them in the sink. Brush your teeth and do the same. Then clean your brush. (Sorry this is yukky, but it works.)
It appears that the Sun is trying to whitewash the effects of it own campaigns. Why though? The Sun demanded an action and it was done. Surely the Sun would want people to know how much it influences government policy?
Corn flour and water mixture to thicken the gravy
To do this we are going to: first, define Spiritual Disciplines; second, look at a how they are often misused; and third, talk about how we should appropriately use them.
today that have caught my eye.
“Now that the Obama administration has appointed a majority of the members of the National Labor Relations Board, the NLRB leadership has imposed new requirements that employers supply union organizers with the names and home addresses of every employee. Nor do employees have a right to decline to have this personal information given out to union organizers, under NLRB rules.”
Alright, that’s what I’ve got this week. What’re you up to?
Just keep in mind what it that creating and do your best to add a theme to show consistency so there’s little feelings of clutter and mess and that’ll polish any artwork off with a tad more professionalism. Once you do that, the content of the artwork is entirely up to you. As stated earlier, I’m using a thought bubble and clouds to give my art piece a theme of “thought” and that’s how my work will keep consistent and professional. As much as I just go and do things on this paper, I don’t go too far off on a tangent or people will miss the point entirely.
it seems more real since finding out he's a boy. like there's more to lose.
If it can shine with someone’s love
To some extent, I understand that. He doesn’t want to be known to the public as an “atheist scientist” (like Richard Dawkins). He wants to be known as a scientist, period. There’s a huge advantage to that.
To me, being wealthy is not about HAVING lots of things, but about being in a position to DO lots of things.
In the Man-Made Global Warming scare, it is alleged that man-made industrial emissions of carbon dioxide are increasingly trapping heat, which would otherwise escape from our atmosphere, thus causing global warming. It is further believed that this increasing carbon dioxide level will reach a tipping point where the world will heat up to the point that life will no longer be sustainable on the planet.
System Memory (RAM) 4GB
I bought a festival tshirt that had the lineup (including my name) printed on the back. I spent the rest of the night trying to show people my name, on my back, in tiny writing, whilst attempting to stand still. #fail
Momo gave Aidan a really cute electronic toy cash register, and Aidan´s loving ringing up our grocery orders and giving us our bags of food.
I didn’t have the heart or the desire to place it back and continue eating.
To the closet!
No really though, this game is pretty brutal. I just now got back into this amazing game, from playing too much Blazblue, I was a bit rusty. Pfft. But anyways, I’m just here to give you some strategics. First, I would like to talk about scorpion. He’s very beginner friendly, but can be the hardest charcter to use because of all of the features they present with Scorpion.
Addison didn’t have time to make another move, her eyes quickly turning from the door Zak disappeared into and toward a demon running down the aisle towards her. His arms were held out slightly to his sides, his mouth open wide as a few foreign words slipped off his tongue.
Mr. Quiet, who was well-known but lightly regarded inside the ad industry, suddenly achieved great fame. As the president and chief creative officer of the agency that produced the brilliant Super Bowl spot, he went on to achieve godlike status.
In 1968 Enoch Powell said we must be 'mad, literally mad' for permitting the influx of foreign nationals into our country.
Him: Ok, Faith, go entertain the puppy.
King is of the view that the taxes paid by the extraordinarily rich are not in proportion to their good fortune, which he regards as an inequality of the system. King himself is a generous charitable giver to causes which genuinely help people.
We have an easy going routine that I lead and they follow of dinner, clean up time, brushing teeth and then a movie or books. They don't always fall asleep in the same place (couch or recliner or my bed or theirs) or in the same way (in front of a movie, after reading books I sing, or we all just lay down) or at the same time (I shoot for somewhere between 8 and 10 depending on whether or not D is home for me to spend time with him, how tired I am, how badly I want to be alone, whether or not L got a nap, how tired they are acting), but it works. Falling asleep is almost always a happy, relaxed time.
'Yes, but you MEANT IT,' said I, regaining a tiny momentum of Strop again.
Griggsby’s Station
PREMIUM FEATURES
The fourth book brings on a whole new story line as the wizard cup is being fought for by professionals and students. Reading this book the first time I was enthralled. For one there was so much detail and I was amazed. It was the longest book so far (next book even longer) and it kept me reading throughout.
I love you more than words can express, Momma.
Tom Parker has kept on making arrangements and playing for a lot of artists like Gerry Rafferty, Tim Rose, Chris White and a hundred more. Life is a lottery.
Their latest attack on kin selection is a big paper in the new Nature by Wilson, Martin Nowak and Corina Tarnita, all from Harvard. They begin by arguing that the classical argument for insect eusociality (cooperatively breeding societies in which “castes” of individuals, like the workers in bees, are sterile and help the queen produce offspring)—an argument based on asymmetrical relatedness—is wrong. This failure to explain eusociality, they claim, is a severe blow to kin-selection theory.
Andrew
one day. See, I'm not really sure if there's a a lot of
I’m not sure when I’ll get back to regular blogging and when I do, there may be a few changes. They do say a change is as good as a holiday, don’t they, and I’m all for holidays. Bring ‘em on!
"You won't miss me much?"
“Our performance at Barcelona during winter testing looked promising – but the form of the season is still very hard to read, so it’s difficult to predict who’ll be at the front next weekend.
After a while of testing, it became apparent that the only way to make sure a product was to use very high quality water, and grains in our ingredient. The second thing we then did was distill it 4 times to remove any natural impurities that may appear from the distilling process and then we filtered it a total of 7 times. Many people think the number of times you distill the vodka is the most important thing. While it is important, filtration is also very important and of course the quality of your water.
It turns out what I would have written has already been covered and probably better than I could have done,. so keep the good work, people are listening,
Works Consulted
Right until the long path ends.
In The Taste of Others (2000), a businessman falls in love with an actress, but they find it hard to adapt to each other’s milieux. Look at Me (2004) was about how power and success corrupt not only an individual, but his entourage.
New Toyz When My Momma Won A Card Game (My mom is Mel Gibson from Maverick?)
About that time her mother comes out of the Garage and says
Finally, make yourself available and watch for what happens. It may happen tomorrow, it might happen six months or years from now. You never know with God. But what I do know is that something will happen if each of us were moved by God’s Holy Spirit to pray for our neighbors, friends, family members and co-workers.
The fact is that I can see English script and often, can guess the original writer, began life by learning Chinese ideograms. A tell-tale sign: there is a certain consistent neatness in English handwriting. Or the fact, like a lot of Asians raised on home-Chinese cooking, we enjoy steamed fish in a bit of soy sauce, ginger root slices, green onions and oil. To us, that’s highlighting quality fresh whole fish. However a lot of non-Asians just see thjs steamed fish dish, as a boring, less dynamic dish.
ginger garlic paste 1 1/2 tsp
On this one year anniversary of the worst devastation Alabama has ever known, let me say I am beaming with pride to claim both Alabama and California as my home. I proudly display my Southern roots like a badge of honor as I journey through my Hollywood life. Today I salute you both!
Lupus further discriminates because it is two to three times more prevalent among women of color — African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, Asians, Native Americans, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders — than among Caucasian women. However, despite its bias toward women, and especially women of color, when men develop lupus, their disease can be more severe and organ threatening than lupus in female lupus patients.
The Upsetters - Feelings Version
Because everyone should have a smoky eye in their arsenal, and you can do it with any color. Keeping color off of the bottom lashline keeps it from going over the top (and honestly, I hate lining the lower lashline). Not sure why the photo looks extra greenish, sorry!
"Heaven! I'm in heaven," sings Fred to Ginger. And when we watch them move, so are we.
The book consists of transcripts of informal talks with those who come to ask him questions. In one of these talks, he relates his life story, including the events leading up to and comprising what he calls his “calamity,” or his entry into the natural state. Since his own experience of coming into the natural state at age 49, he has spent his time traveling throughout the world, staying with friends or in rented apartments for a few months at a time. He gives no public talks, but meets with people who come to see him.
THE ADDICTION
It drinks modestly of autumn rains,
It's so easy to be blinded by that jealousy, to wonder why so-and-so got the Big Fancy Deal and you didn't. Unfortunately, there's no real answer, just like there was no reason my cousins "deserved" a Power Wheels more than my brother and me. They just got one. And we didn't. That's it. Looking back, I know that said nothing about my value as a child, even though back then it felt like it did.
Battle.
If you are not a fan of vegetarian food, you just haven’t had any good vegetarian food yet. For all of you out there sneering at the idea of eating tofu or jeering at the thought of an entree that doesn’t bleed, lower those noses! Good vegetarian food is hearty and savory. In fact, I challenge you to think of how many things you eat regularly that are already vegetarian. I bet you would be surprised. I like to tout eating vegetarian at least one day a week, mainly because Americans eat WAY more meat than we need or should. Not only does this have implications for our own culture and way of life, but also for the rest of the world. If you don’t believe me, just read some Michael Pollan. But if you don’t care about that, eating vegetarian once or twice a week can also help your health.
….Donghae-ah.. please take me with you..”
At the risk of being branded immoral and unchristian, it’s now time to open the closet doors with a few more frank Christian sexual and single discussions. There is no denying that I find sexuality very interesting. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that anything surrounding sex is kept an open secret for may centuries. Take for instance, old hollywood would depict married people sleeping in separate twin beds. Male doctors would masturbate women (invention of vibrators) to cure female psychological illnesses while at the same time denounced female sexuality and orgasm. Back in the day, people had scores of children to increase the survival rate of their families but young girls and guys would be married without knowing where to put what. The current day religions and conservative countries that chastise anything sexual tend to sanction men having multiple wives (or lovers) with numerous children. In a recent news report from the middle east, there is an ongoing fight to make sure women do not drive cars because the upstanding men thought if they did, then it would allow women to have more illicit sexual opportunity (interestingly the report did not mention that the ‘council’ was worried about the other half of the sexual equation-the men)…bla bla bla. As I said, an open secret.
1.Sweden 307
The Usual Suspects
Sex with animals was banned until 1969, when the animal protection law was introduced, but failed to include a specific ban on zoophilia, the Frankfurter Rundschau said.
The bad news is he really has fucked up big time. You know that's the case when even the Americans are looking across the pond tutting and shaking their heads.
A longer description of the factual background appears on the IPKat this morning, here. This post focuses on what the Court of Appeal said about the Court of Justice of the European Union ruling in Case C-5/08 Infopaq, which has caused a good deal of consternation in copyright circles of late. The question before the Court of Appeal at this juncture was whether a headline could be protected by copyright as an original literary work. Said the Court:
An interest in antique weaponry and a forgotten tradition of western hand-t0-hand combat led science fiction author Greg Bear to the theme and story line of the Mongoliad project. On the way, he and his partners developed PULP, the “Personal Ubiquitous Literary Platform.” PULP is is billed as connected publishing, and in their keynote session, Bear and Stephenson contended that content as service is the only viable business model when piracy is ubiquitous: “create an experience that can’t be pirated.”
Everton 4/7(PP), Draw 3/1(Bwin), Blackburn 6/1(PP)
2. rub minced garlic on salmon
2) NOTE TO OKLAHOMANS:
Eden Creamer
A couple of minutes in, I noticed some hard stuff under my fingertips. It was sort of hard white pieces. I'm not certain, but I am guessing these are "impurities"? When my arms finally started to get tired (around the 20 minute mark) I decided I might as well move on to the next step although I was REALLY enjoying my facial massage!
"Forestfloor 2" see Rehburg's industrial machinery take on a more rhythmic nature (almost sounding like mechanical frogs or boars). Sonically similar to the first track (and the two after this one), it distinguishes itself by having a feeling of malice and menace to it (as opposed to the foreboding nature of the first track). The mid-range guitars are also pushed much further back in the mix, as opposed to being very noticeable in the first track. Less variation on the electronics, though. Thankfully, creepy organic noises are introduced ten minutes in (along with more guitar feedback), saving the song from musical stagnation (although it could be argued that by then it's too little, too late). A break at 11:00 minutes is a nice transition from the previous homogenous cacaphony. Eventually, all that remains is broken riffing and a half-hearted buzzing, as if the song itself is dying from the inside.
09/06/2011 SELL 0.01 usdchf 0.82308
Men's 800 - Abubaker Kaki (SUD) v Yuri Borzakovski (RUS). Borzakovski is a fine kicker but Kaki has been the dominant 800 man the past couple of seasons. Could be an early picture of the final in Berlin.
When my son was younger, he would observe racist outrages, but they would pass, and he was young enough to forget them, such as the racist black female city bus driver who locked the front door of the bus on me, when he was eight.
As for what is On My Plate, it is summer; it is hot. Nobody wants to lock themselves in the kitchen with a blazing oven to make a dessert. Why not perk up purchased ice cream treats with chocolate coating and sprinkles? I don't know if I will ever get to Hundreds and Thousands of posts, but lets treat ourselves to something cool and celebrate our menus with a little life thrown in.
Kate at Centsational Girl can do no wrong, right? Every project and craft she whips up is genius....and I'm especially smitten with her DIY Faux-Bois Vases! Why does she have to live across the country? It makes stalking her so much harder.
- Ends unravel a lot
This is Apple. Thumb to cheek, rotated back and forth. Like the “apple of the cheek” this the Apple one eats and often after the sign of apple one sees a pantomime of picking up an apple and biting into it. I am saying the word “apple” as the photo was snapped.
She laughs brightly. “How about someone who wasn’t a pathological liar and womanizer?”
Remember the definition of leadership we started with, “organizing a group of people to achieve a common goal.” Think about organizing your company around the powerful culture that you believe in and then finding others who hold the same values. Then paint a picture of the amazing vision that you want to achieve with the help of your team. Imagine how powerful and profitable your company will be when a team of like-minded folks are all working to achieve the same goals because they are excited about where they are headed with you.
To make your own puree, slice 1 mango into cubes. The flesh from the seed can be used too. However it has loads of fibre, therefore, try not to slice onto the seed. With a food processor or blender, puree the mango. Sieve it through a sieve and follow further instructions below to make your mango mousse.
Do it for wrights pies
I have no more pleadings left. The Judge will determine whether death is eminent.
In arguing for the benefits of the free market as a means of controlling dissident opinion in the mid-nineteenth century, the Liberal chancellor of the British exchequer, Sir George Lewis, noted that the market would promote those papers “enjoying the preference of the advertising public.” Advertising did, in fact, serve as a powerful mechanism weakening the working-class press. Curran and Seaton give the growth of advertising a status comparable with the increase in capital costs as a factor allowing the market to accomplish what state taxes and harassment failed to do, noting that these “advertisers thus acquired a de facto licensing authority since, without their support, newspapers ceased to be economically viable.”
It doesn't have to be exact because if any of the blue shows, it's going to be gone the first time you wash it, and from a very short distance, you can't even see it.
Within the month, you will be done with college. You will be kicked out of your cozy dorm room and, for the first time in your 22 years on this planet, you will be forced to completely fend for yourself. You will find yourself without the amenities that you have had in college, instead replaced with thousands of dollars of student loan debt, a degree in art history that only qualifies you for a job as a bagboy at the local Piggly Wiggly, and an understanding of the proper way to cook Ramen noodles.
Mix all ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Mix the dressing in another bowl and
What can I cook now that will be easy to freeze and make for easy meals once the baby arrives next month?
I know that the health care system here in France faces issues of how it will continue to pay for all the care, but I really hope this will last. Because it feels amazing when a society takes care of its citizens. When it's seen as a right, not a privilege to receive basic health care.
Ownership : Google, Manufacturers
Singing
The heart of a woman falls back with the night,
You got a real gift, son
i worry that they will spend more energy on being beautiful and getting noticed, hence become more materialistic and self-obsessed than they should be, forgetting the fact that whatever were given naturally, are blessings from Allah SWT.
First, the quality of the content is excellent. The authors have a wonderful ability to distill key ideas concisely without sacrificing depth. Second, the size is right. The chapters are a manageable size and the book isn’t overwhelming. The diversity of content keeps it fresh, while staying relevant to key apologetic topics. Third, it introduces the reader to the key voices on the apologetic landscape. It also provides helpful pointers to key resources for further reading. This is a great place to get started down the right path in dealing with each particular issue. Finally, this book covers the kind of issues that we deal with everyday in conversation, on the internet, and as we grapple with the issues ourselves.
I would guess I drink more Tim Hortons coffee than the average Canadian– and certainly much more than most people I know. I’ve consumed 74 Timmies game cups since the contest started February 20 (with another in hand currently). That’s not counting the occasional Starbucks, the magnificently-bottomless cups at diners, or non-game cups from Tim Hortons (one of my local Timmies ran out of XL cups recently and I’ll be damned if I’m going to drink less coffee just to get a chance at a freebie).
It has now came to light that the SA police have "lost" 20 429 weapons since April 2004.
Currydesu’s compilation shall be up soon. I promiseee~
E@L's eyes are now glazing. It's fascinating, but how is he going to remember all this? The wind is burning cold. Bitter, cold, like an ex-girlfriend. They move into the single shed, quite a few barrels, lots he supposes, but at least, hey out of the wind. There is a dead bird at the doorstep. Gift from a cat?
Personal rights can be compared with real rights. Real rights were created by roman law centuries ago. Real rights are rights in assets. Your ownership of an asset is a real right. But there are others. For example, in Scotland, a tenant holding under a lease has a real right. Or a creditor in a standard security (the technical Scottish term for what punters refer to as mortgages) has a real right. To explain that one, in the example above assume that I loaned Ted money but was worried that Ted wouldn’t pay me back. I could have said to Ted (as banks typically say to people borrowing substantial sums of money from them) – I will not lend you the money unless you give me a right in your house. This right in the house is a standard security. Now, how is that better than a personal right? Well a real right is a right in a specific asset. Thus, if Ted buggers off and sells his house I would still have the security in the house, whoever the new owner was. Additionally, the real rights have priority in the event of the insolvency of the debtor. So if Ted goes bust that has no impact on the real right. It remains as powerful as it was before. If that real right is a security (such as a standard security) the creditor typically has power to sell the asset without having to involve any other creditor, and if the asset is sold during insolvency the real right ensures that the creditor gets first cut when the proceeds of sale are divided out. In summry then being a right in an asset a real right is stronger than a personal right.
LK exchange received from Lisa V
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will”
Thinking of you always,
What do you say when you know that many are stranded in the rubble of buildings just a few blocks away? What do you say when airports are closed, power is down, water is compromised and people are in panic trying to get away to their loved ones? What do you say when you can not be their to offer a solution out and know that she will have to rely on herself and others to make the next move? How do you say it in a text message?
Being a Muchacho of honor, I have decided to finally and officially break it down. I assure you that Titanic’s popularity is only a small reason I hate it.
The councillors’ fiduciary responsibility to this community has been abandoned by thorough incompetence and deception that borders on the criminally fraudulent. This will require direct action by the Minister of Local Government, Nick Smith. There is no getting around this.
18"18" Rives BFK, molding paste, stencil, collograph, water based inks, acrylic, oil pastel and collage.
My original plan was to blog a race report from my first trail race in February. Then it rained/snowed and got postponed since they didn’t want to tear up the trails. I suppose I could have blogged about other things, but my life just isn’t that interesting. I run, I work, I mom, I wife, and I love every second of it. See, now you’re caught up on my life. Oh, and here’s a picture of my kids because they are freaking adorable.
I have been remiss.
They are very revealing.
Moorabbin VIC 3189
And I’m bitter. I wouldn’t be so bitter if his video wasn’t like professionally done. I mean like with an actual sound recorder and video editors and people who know what they’re doing. Also his speech sounded like it was written by the dean of chamberlain or something. It was pretty ridiculous. It felt like a video that a college recruiter would show parents and potential students on why they should come to chamberlain. I’m not bitter because I lost. I’m bitter because it was unfair. If they had chosen an actual student video taped on a cellphone or a digital camera I would have been ok. But this kid had to spend a couple hundred of dollars to have someone make his movie. It even sounded like he had someone write the script. It was just unfair.
This beer has had a bit of a story to tell before it ever made it to Christmas.
and misrule.
Here are a few of the photos that I've been lovin' today.
Looking back at this blog, I realize I have been very guarded in talking about my negative emotions throughout this whole experience. I think mothers have a tendency to feel guilty for even having the slightest negative feeling...let alone putting it out there for the whole world to read about.
Did you ever imagine such reasoning would be considered sound public policy and allowed to stand as the basis for circumventing private property rights?
Another first time trade partner for the Quarry is Edgar from the simple yet aptly named Topps Card Collector's Blog. I sent him a chunk of 1988 Topps and in return I got a small handful of Rockies and the Ricky Romero above which helps with my 2011 Topps Opening Day master set. My favorite Rockie is the Todd Helton which is from the 2007 Topps Wal Mart set and used the 1967 Topps design. I wonder if he will still be with the team when Heritage uses 1967 in four years. Probably not, but we can always hope.
which all you mommies out there know isn't easy when you're 32 weeks pregnant.
History of the Church: A seven-volume work containing the faith-promoting history as seen by nineteenth-century church historians. Not to be taken literally, except in those places where it makes Joseph Smith look good.
OCALA, Fla. — An Ocala woman called 911 and told police that she shot her husband while in their home at the 1200 block of S.E. 19th Street Wednesday night, Marion County investigators said Thursday.
Me: Not, it is spring
I love all the characters really........ yep, even the evil President Snow..... he was spot on. And Peeta? Sigh..... unconditional love, I tell ya..... it's what we all want, right?
The 15-year fixed mortgage averaged 3.07 percent (0.7 point), also below its all-time record low when it was 3.11 percent April 12 of this year. Last week, the 15-year averaged 3.12 percent, and a year ago, it was 3.89 percent.
Do you know the feeling, where every situation looks like a dead-end road, every thought ends in disbelief and despair?
DTGVL’s calendar really revs up in May with a smorgasbord of fun! The merriment begins May 2 with Moonlight Movies. Featuring everything from family favorites like “The Muppet Movie” to nostalgic cinema classics such as “An American in Paris”, everyone from Grandma to the kids will find a film they like. Screenings take place every Wednesday in May around 8PM and due to the construction at The Peace Center, will happen in a new Falls Park location this year. Lawn chairs, blankets and picnics are welcomed (and fun), but like most City-sponsored events, pets are prohibited.
Is how so many people
Get out of your comfort zone and save a life.
Religion is about devotion. Reverence. Worship. Religion can morph into a series of moral checks and the like, but to keep it simple, religion is about these basic concepts. It’s about belief and faith. As a polytheist, my religion is also about the gods.
I do try to go for unusual names, but not very exotic or tongue-twisting ones which can give the readers a verbal paralysis. Indian names by and large are not easy on the tongue. One of my CP’s who is an Indian, went nuts trying to pronounce the difficult names of my characters. Her critique was, “ I loved the first ten pages, but, honey, please go easy on the names. I had an extremely difficult time pronouncing the names.”
Supposed to be good - but is it really?
the world does not revolve around you. we are not the on-board entertainment crew. manners are as important with your family as they are with strangers. private conversations are just that PRIVATE, please don't ask what people are talking about if you happen to overhear anything. if it wasn't immediately repeated at your appearance, then it really doesn't concern you.
06 - Keyboard Solo
18. bb&c - The Veil
–Next on the docket, Texas. Even though I grew up in Houston, I had somehow never traveled to Fort Worth. That is, until I got the chance to write about it. I kind of love this town. For one thing, it’s weird, and weird is lovable. There’s a district call The Stockyards where two times a day, a cattle drive rumbles through the streets. The cattle are actually owned by the Fort Worth Convention Bureau (what other convention bureau can lay claim to a herd?) and the drovers (i.e. those who drive the cattle) are employees of the convention bureau. The point of the whole thing is to pay tribute to Fort Worth’s history as the last watering hole on the Chisholm Trail, before opening up to the wild, wild west. So twice a day, seven days a week, drovers dressed in old-fangled clothes drive the cattle down the cobblestone streets in the middle of this historic district. Also in Fort Worth: Billy Bob’s, the world’s largest honky tonk (and also the first honky tonk I’ve ever done seen). While all of these things are pretty fitting for a Texas town, what surprised me about Fort Worth is its impressive museum district. There are multiple art museums, the Museum of Science and History and even the Cowgirl Hall of Fame, all within walking distance. Just a couple miles away is the lively downtown, where tasty Texas restaurants and darling boutiques make for an entertaining stroll. The travel piece I wrote about Fort Worth will run Luxury Las Vegas magazine, and I’m working on getting it some press elsewhere, as well.
...which might bring us to the inner therapist...caring yet dangerously opinionated, ever groping toward that celebrated inner child...
I did; at that point, I really did want some of that tit. On my second try I caught the nipple between my lips and sucked, and her smile hardened into a happy grimace and she released my wrists. I reached up to free the other breast and tug the bra over her shoulders with her cooperation so I could toss it aside and take both breasts in my hands, rub my thumbs over the nipples, and suckle at each of them alternately while L worked her jeans and panties off as quickly as she could and lowered herself over my hard dick, plunging me into exquisite pleasure before she took my wrists again and held them flat next to my head while she raised her hips and humped down on me again, grinning with a hard, satisfied “huh.”
The challenge was to use an inchie (a one inch square with any type design you like). I colored the schoolhouse from Tiddly Inks on kraft cardstock. I then cut it into 4 equal sections to make 4 inchies. The bottom is the cream cardstock I used above with a sentiment rubber stamp. I used some twine from Jilliebean Soup. I'm thinking about using this card for the Wonderkid's new teachers. He'll meet them tomorrow and I thought it would be nice to start the year off with a card.
There really isn’t one. I suppose we shall see who made the most of their time, money and resources after the Spanish GP. Luckily, with the title this closely contested, there is still plenty of time for anyone to find that sweet-spot and really put some distance between themselves and their rivals. Many of us hope it goes right down to the wire between many pilots for the championship – all or nothing with a roll of the F1 dice.
“Whoa geez, huh, whoops, oh well, oops, sorry, ha ha wait again?, ok just…, my bad?”
Manchester City celebrate their title win
“Who do you see as the person who will carry your responsibilities?“
"Rel, what are you doing?" Dora's voice held fear, not scorn.
It is with deep regret that we must inform you of the passing of Michael Jackson, the Beer Hunter, who died yesterday at his home in London, UK. We learned of his passing from our colleagues - Jay Brooks at Brookston Beer Bulletin and Julie and Daniel Bradford at All About Beer.
I wanted to get on here and vent about it because it’s interesting how healthcare workers are treated.
Awed, I lowered my head, pulled the flier out of my pocket, and handed it to her. She nodded, and led from the foyer into a room full of lit candles, burning incense, and lave lamps. Hanging on one wall was a black velvet painting of a wizard seated on a unicorn, his magic wand doubling as a riding crop. In the middle of the room was a small table with a crystal ball. I sat on one side, Madame Imelda on the other. She held out her hand, and I gave her the ten dollars. She turned away and beckoned,
We'd like you to create a papercraft project (it does not have to be a card) that expresses an attitude of gratitude - show us some heartfelt sentiments too! Your creation can be for any occasion whatsoever, as long as it's a thank you!
But with pundits already making faith a major issue in this presidential campaign — as evidenced by questions about Republican Mitt Romney’s Mormonism — Obama’s religious background is likely to come under further scrutiny.
There were 12 items on the list. If an employee did any one of these they could enter their name in the drawing. In fact, they could enter as many times as they actually completed that item. They also could enter a co-workers name for them, if they felt they deserved it.
Me: "But, but..."
“Now!”
10 Seven Seas
Voodoo Walking by Mama Rosin with Hipbone Slim & The Knee Tremblers
Also should Nate be asked
You probably remember best remember virtual reality due to its ubiquity in the 1990s. Films like the Denzel Washington cop film Virtuosity, thriller The Lawnmower Man, and at the end of the decade, The Matrix, popularized the idea of virtual reality in American technology culture. Video game companies like Nintendo, Sega, and Atari, all attempted to put “Virtual Reality” systems on the market. (Nintendo’s failed Virtual Boy system is the most memorable of these awful early prototypes). While the concept of virtual reality captured the imaginations of everyday Americans, the technology was still years, perhaps decades, off.
The thought of you, now you’re far away
I take one more look at the world behind me and then begin to run back through the trees which widen before me and my destiny.
The lack of computers at schools is another lame excuse, as 100’s of private corporations, inside the country as well as overseas, have donated millions rands worth of high-tech equipment, as well as FREE TRAINING to people in disadvantaged regions, in their efforts to boost social investment programmes.
Otherwise known as The Chapter Yet Unwritten...
My high top oxfords were a love at first sight experience. I really feel like a newsboy when I wear them. I went to Madewell and b-lined it to the sale area like I normally do. I saw them sitting there lonely and sad and I felt I could do something to help them! When I saw that they were a size 9, I reassured the sales lady that thick socks would make them a perfect fit. Fortunately, she had a pair of socks on hand and I tried them on...close enough...Purchased! So now they're kinda too big but I love them all the same.
And so take the time to choose me
(Considering the fact that the issue comes up annually, I’m not certain I’ve been successful at stemming said tide, but it’s a work in process.)
"Dick might have been the guy to shame Cage out of his laziness by waving in his face the DVD boxes for Gone In Sixty Seconds, National Treasure or Captain Corelli's Mandolin, and warning him that he faced turning 60 one day, making endless ridiculous movies in front of blue screens while clutching to his sagging breast yet another hottie several decades his junior like, well, Jessica Biel?"
Officially, I have joined two dating sites. In doing so, I've spent a lot of time cruising through my 'matches'.....wow......um....well.....hmmm. Worse than that, I've had to write a profile for myself.....and on eHarmony they make you take a test.....seriously, a personality test so they can match you with someone who will want to date you. Seriously. I'm starting to think no one will want to date me.....in fact, I've not had any action.....just a few look sees. I'm not ugly, I am 'curvy' (because I refuse to call myself "a few extra pounds") and I'm funny, witty, smart and loyal....kind of like my dog....I'm even sort of short, like my dog....he's a daucshund. That aside, it is gruesome out there.
(what would you do
Saturday we had a late breakfast with Trinity's family before heading over to the Dallas Arboretum for Dallas Blooms. I have to say I was a little disappointed that the tulips had already died, but we did find a few pretty blooms to snap some pictures of Grace. Luke and Gracie loved exploring the grounds, and Grace enjoyed the petting zoo. Luke wasn't so sure about touching any of the animals, which I can't blame him... they looked pretty dirty!
So to Him I shall cling, and pray the world makes sense someday.
Thanks for checking me out again today! Hoping to be back again soon with a new page layout!!
To find out more:
My blog traffic is back up to the levels I had in 2005. Who says blogging is dead? It is just now part of a family of things like twitter, plurk, brightkite and the ever present spaces & books. My little beer blog even appears on AllTop's site, under BEER. Which is why we got the glassware giveaway. Yay. This week I was contacted by a PR person, on behalf of the Buckbean Brewing Company, located in Reno, NV. Right now their beers are really only available in Nevada, and not even widely available at that. But they are beating their drums well, and getting good reviews, so who knows what will happen in the future. The best part is that they are going to SEND ME SOME BEER! Whee! I've been at this for 4 years now. This is my first freebie. I'm so excited.
Oh, and I totally left my running/training pants at home by accident. So if I were to run, I’d have to wear my sleepy pants. Which wouldn’t be terrible.
Crescent moon energy if for organizing resources needed to accomplish the vision, intentions, wishes, aspiriations or goals.
On 1st December Tommy Broughan TD was expelled from the Labour Party after voting to reject a government amendment to extend the bank guarantee for another year.1st December also marks the day that Roscrea District Court solicitors stage a walkout over the courthouse’s closure.2011 was a year long celebration of craft in Ireland.Ireland has been ranked the most charitable country in Europe and the second most charitable nation in the world, according to a new survey.The K Club Kildare has just been awarded with the title of ‘AA Ireland Hotel of the Year’ for 2010/2011.UCC was selected as University of the Year 2011-2012.Barry, managing director of the Barry Group, which is behind franchises such as BuyLo and Costcutter, has been named MSL Cork Business Person of the Year 2011.What a year once wonders what will 2012 bring, whatever it is I hope it is a good year for you all.
A serving machine adds a layer of frozen (-5C) foam at the end of the pour. Just the thing, I suppose, for the hot summer months. The claim is made that this will allow the beer to stay cold for half an hour. From the photos, the foam looks very much like a "soft cream,"which could also add to its attraction.
About Free Printed Invitations by PartyPOP.com:
temperatures hit triple digits.
* tell me that I am too sensitive
The only other thing I’ll add is, like—I left—that I don’t have healthcare right now. I don’t have anything. It’s not like I saved a bunch of money, and I’m doing this. It’s that I made a decision in 2009 that I just was not happy, and I made a decision to the detriment of my family, whom I support in Palestine, right? But the thing is, is like, right now, it’s vindicated by where people are. And all of a sudden, you’re on the streets. You have your time. You can do good with your time. You can grow and, in the process, at least feel better about what you’re doing in the world.
Kelly is our office loudmouth. She chatters endlessly about every detail of her personal life. I don’t want to constantly be hearing about how her son has done at soccer practice, how she has a new cat, how her husband is going back to school again instead of getting a job, how she has this lump on her side that she needs to get checked out. If I want to know these things, I’ll sign up for her online newsletter.
"Oh," sheepishly replied Johnny. "That's a loaf of bread."
The thing is...at any age practice is the only thing that makes perfect so today I am learning to practice. Perfection comes, one day at a time.
“Pakistan is a peace-loving and moderate country and wants to have friendly and cordial relations with all countries, including India,” the premier said while addressing a “special integration camp” being attended by contingents of scouts and girl guides from India and Pakistan.
I used a doily for the both current weekly challenge and last weeks. The previous weeks challenge was to use masking - the doily served as my mask. This weeks challenge was to include a homemade flower and I used the doily from the previous challenge as part of the background. The masking/inking of the doily was done with TH Distress Stain.
Eventually in time I believe Instagram could be a part of journalism. I highly doubt it will make it into print journalism, but it could have a place in online journalism. After all, Instagram is just a mobile app that’s only accessible from your phone. You can’t access photos from the web to Instagram unless they are posted through Twitter or Facebook.
Cassel Sharpe knows he’s been used as an assassin, but he’s trying to put all that behind him. He’s trying to be good, even though he grew up in a family of con artists and cheating comes as easily as breathing to him. He’s trying to do the right thing, even though the girl he loves is inextricably connected with crime. And he’s trying to convince himself that working for the Feds is smart, even though he’s been raised to believe the government is the enemy.
Are you a vegan?
Without a desire to curate organic, not-for-profit art events – Alvarado is currently not paying herself, or any of her helpers – she may not have noticed the disused dental surgery-cum-art gallery which she has rented the ground floor of for her debut Alvarado Gallery exhibition.
Collect 35 Solar on an drop-pod drop.
Like eagle rounding out the morning
The mountain of spiritual experience whose summit is divine union, identified by John of the Cross at the beginning of The Ascent of Mount Carmel: “the summit of the mount—that high state of perfection we here call union of a soul with God . . . The darkness and trials, spiritual and temporal, that fortunate souls ordinarily undergo on their way to the high state of perfection are so numerous and profound that human science cannot understand them adequately. Nor does experience of them equip one to explain them. Only those who suffer them will know what this experience is
Who likes to walk on the wild side?
And I am consumed.
There is no cocktail menu, but the resident mixologist will rustle something up sur mesure depending on your preference and his inspiration (although mostly on the latter - he does tend, rather endearingly, to impose his cocktail ideas), which you can then sip in any of the apartment-like rooms or even in the human-scale birdcage for a more amorous moment.
It was interesting, and actually quite good! I will say, I am LOVING the Chocolate PB2 and can’t wait to formulate some recipes with it!
My Love is your Love
She shut all the blinds. She tightens all the windows. And crawls into the dark corners of herself.
The Constitutional Court is sitting in judgment on Zuma. They create a hullabaloo in public. That is preparing society for their pouncing. That is the issue. “They must give the judgment and not prepare us. They must not use Hlophe as a scapegoat to hit at Zuma.”
Violet was a vampire and she still craved blood. To meet her needs, he had taken up pig farming and bred a whole herd of pigs on board the TARDIS for her to feed on. He also carried a chemical substitute in case they ever got separated from the ship. He had no intention of ever becoming Violet's victim. When he was especially pleased with her, he would offer her his arm or neck to give her a little taste. Time Lord blood was a great delicacy for her. It was not something he allowed her too often. That was the wonderful thing about her blood thirst. It meant that she could be manipulated so easily. He had often chosen companions who were addicted to drugs. As long as he was the one with the supply on the TARDIS, he could get his human assistants to do what he wanted.
Location/Affiliates: Mount Sinai Medical Center (Manhattan)
If you like great acting, (awesome) british humour, classic detective stories with a twist and a seeing bit of london, it’s defenitly something for you.
“He pulls two rusty screws out of his pocket and looks at me like a shady car mechanic and says, I don’t know how to tell you this, but you have a problem with your chimney cap.” “Wow,” I wanted to tell him to keep his paws off my chimney cap, and I don’t know where those rusty screws have been but I’m sure they didn’t come from my chimney cap, as I’m sure my chimney cap has not seen the light of day in quite some time so he’d better keep those rusty screws away from her!”
A very late hello to you all,
~ kirsty
Hope you can make it for the inaugural flight of Radio Podrophenia!!
1-800-477-8191
I read something the other day that really irked me. Got me fired up in a mama bear sort of way. A Catholic blogger who used to homeschool wrote, "Anyone who says they enjoy homeschooling is either a beginner or in denial."
In Kuwait, where for years Islamists fought women’s enfranchisement, they hounded the four women who finally made it into parliament, demanding that the two who didn’t cover their hair wear hijabs. When the Kuwaiti parliament was dissolved this past December, an Islamist parliamentarian demanded the new house — devoid of a single female legislator — discuss his proposed “decent attire” law.
So when I said that communists have murdered 100,000,000 people in the last century by starving, executing, or freezing them to death in gulags, that doesn’t actually count, but when an African kid dies of malaria because angsty urban American liberals got DDT banned to protect bird’s eggs, that’s the fault of capitalism… Gotcha.
This can be felt even when we are still living.
Joan, name ONE dirty deed that either of your sisters ever DID to you…name it, the deed, NOT AN IMPRESSION FROM YOUR MIND. NAME the deed and provide the evidence of that deed.
The report itself lacks detail. It does not explain why funding could not be found and says nothing about what governmental, grant or European funding might, or might not, be available. It does however suggest that upto £10 million of capital funding could be allocated towards the project by the Council.
All I could think about was how it was wrong and how I couldn’t fix it and this made me a terrible employee and on and on. And in the grand scheme of things, it’s really not that big a deal. But I couldn’t stop myself from thinking I should do something more to fix it. Go back to the (empty) office. Send emails (to people I knew couldn’t fix it). Call my boss (who was already home, and couldn’t fix it from there, and whom I already emailed). I was able to see that all of these thoughts were completely irrational, though, and when it started to turn into what a terrible employee and, therefore, terrible person I was, I forcibly distracted myself and the thoughts subsided.
I'm torn. Vampires + Dissection = ???
The album's primary sonic colours are crystalline and prismatic – and that's down to harp player Zeena Parkins, an instrument called the celeste, and a music box Björk had specially made from glass rather than wood ("so it sounds more plunky"), with her own tunes scored on big brass discs.
Went to church for the first time (more on that to come later!)
When ready to cook the chicken, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the chicken breasts in a baking dish and pour the excess marinade over them. Bake in the oven until cooked through and the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees, about 45 minutes (exact baking time will depend on the size of your chicken pieces.) Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes before serving.
First, make yourself a cocktail, then chose four bloggers who have contributed greatly to the world of blogging.
The circle was cut at 2.5".
WOW! I always read right before bed, and I picked up this novel with the intention of whetting my appetite through a few chapters, but I ended up reading the entire novel in one sitting. Needless to say, I got very little sleep, but the story was well worth it, permeating my dreams once the tale came to an end—it is that powerful!
we went on a hunt for the perfect junior beat marina costumes.
"We succeeded in getting a description of the assailants from the tour guide before she was taken to the hospital," Franco said.
LABORS OF LOVE was a fanzine-styled history of comic fandome written by former SENSE OF WONDER editor Bill Schelly, who later extrapolated on the idea with a large softcover book that filled in a lotta the missing details and general historical background that clued more'n a few newcomers about such crucial comic fanzines as ALTER EGO, XERO and STAR STUDDED COMICS. A nice and breezy li'l read that'll take you at least two pre-beddy bye sittings to complete, LABORS gives the basic backgrounds and general impressions regarding the birth and grown of comic book fandom courtesy Schelly, a guy who has a takent to really show ya just how much of an importance comic fandom was in the sixties, enough that he can actually zone you back to that early/mid-sixties teenage gulcher fun and games attitude that permeated itself into everything from comic books to tee-vee, rock 'n' roll, slot car racing and even the kind of new pleasure foods were being pumped at us from cathodes nationwide. Makes me feel sorry for kids today who have nothing but computer gadgetry and their genitals to rely on!
Nope,….not yet. Do you remember what Jesus told the disciples to do??????? Lol….
When a manuscript sits in a drawer, the fruit withers.
“So how come people can pick and choose what they want to use in the Bible? The Bible says marriage is between a man and a woman, but it also says that adulterers should be stoned. (Well, that would have taken care of Newt Gingrich and John Edwards.) People don’t support stoning people.” (And the Bible says slavery is OK, if your child strays from the faith he should be stoned, and anyone who works on the Sabbath should be put to death.)
All my clues are in this playing ;)
Unschooling preserves-your originality, your curiosity your self-trust.
by campfire,
That will be down to good’ole B.Liar, Plunkitt and co. Nobody wanted to hear it back in the early 2000′s…and apparently ‘nobody’ voted for these idiots -time and time again. Still fewer ‘nobody’s’ wanted our boy’s to be killed in a ‘toilet’ as one man said earlier…and ‘nobody’ wanted the banks to be allowed to destroy our economy… Its pretty not ironic that NOBODY wants to see, hear or listen to Milli-Bland nor Mr. Balls at the moment… One thing is for sure. The treaties that Labour signed us up to for before they were hauled out of office….NOBODY WILL BE ABLE TO REMOVE THESE CRIMINALS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE…
There is one simple way of testing whether the smoking ban has been popular and successful—get rid of it. If people really don't want to go back to the days of smoky pubs, there is really no reason to have a law forcing pubs to be smokefree. Get rid of the law, let the market decide, and if pubs remain entirely nonsmoking we'll know that ASH were right all along. If, however, pubs decide to accommodate smokers once more, we'll know, if we hadn't realised already, that ASH cannot be trusted.
Last Thursday, 18 April 2008, Pope Benedict XVI spoke at the Ecumenical Prayer Service held in Saint Joseph’s Church in New York City. Tomorrow the monastic calendar will commemorate a woman whose life illustrates much of what the Holy Father said. Celebrating the saints is integral to what Pope Benedict XVI calls “diachronic koinonia — communion with the Church in every age” that saves us from the narrow uncatholic perspective of the immediate here and now of a given local community.
Accende lumen sensibus: infunde amorem cordibus: infirma nostri corporis virtute firmans perpeti.
If you could let me know in the comments section, I'd be much obliged.
“I had to be sure of my feelings.”
This day I walked up a hill road until I found a break in the hedgerow and a place with a big view. I could look way down into the valley and almost hear the fever of the jigs and reels, while the silent sea of heaven rolled overhead.
I’ve been missing. I’m sorry. Thank you so much for all the sweet emails and comments checking on me and worrying about me.
OU comments: This was the 1st US tour for then 21 year old Sinéad who was riding the hugely popular debut album "the lion and the cobra". At the time of this posting (late March 2012) there was just one other earlier USA Sinéad show, five days before this one from March 26th at the World in N.Y.C.
1 unsuitable
A lot of her inner dialog after the accident reminds me of my husband, a paraplegic from a motorcycle accident. This connection and similarity made me feel especially close to Kristin.
and prayed for your protection.
- 12 ounces good chocolate (60% cacao), broken up
For the right Faith is, that we believe and confess, that our Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of
Pinball Machine Sequence Launched
Calligraphy Collection for the writing on the scroll (used with Cricut markers)
In combining the layers of the risk factors; such as low down payment, lower representative score, with prior credit issues with no reserves after closing, and a high loan to value indicate a high risk is involved for mortgage default.
It is evident that there is a continuous need for many different devices which include laptops, MP3 players, mobiles and other cordless tools. This has consequently resulted in a greater need for rechargeable batteries.
I am meeting Gary in Scottsdale tonight so that we can give my sister, my brother, and my niece's mom their birthday cards and gifts. You have seen two of those cards; the card for my sister, Barbara, will be up at the end of the month.
No such "hands off" gentleman's game is possible between Pakistan, India, and China. They are immediate neighbors. Their game takes on a whole new color.
Then there was the issue of sides. I made no vegetables because I felt the meatloaf was veggie-enriched enough. I still wanted to serve more on the plate than just a slab of meatloaf. I raided the cabinets for something usable. I guess I cleaned out the cabinet pretty well in the past. I had no rice or other grains. All I had was a box of cornmeal. Since I had some rice flour in the freezer, I made some gluten-free cornbread on the side.
The image is from here and is coloured with copics, backing paper papermania and embossing folder is cottage floral by craft concepts, buttons ribbon and flower from stash
The average container ship can carry about 4,500 containers. This blog was viewed about 24,000 times in 2010. If each view were a shipping container, your blog would have filled about 5 fully loaded ships.
The bannister was occupied by Salvatore, his favored silver tabby,
It’s the hatching season. Not just of the various critters that appear to be attempting to invade the house, but of a new story.
Winning is a perfect combination of masterful parts, nothing cold and no warm rock left uncovered. Find what works and philosophically patent that, go back and tweak and tinker and rev it some more in the downtime, then head right back into that very same game-plan again. “You have figured it out and no one else knows how perfect this will be.”
I did not know that, no wonder Ms. Spalding was so crabby, she didn’t get out enough.
...bring to a boil.
I'm excited to be first in line of the many great challenges and games we have lined up for you this weekend.
43) Obama supported PIPA and FISA and Restricting Internet Freedom; This is stupid because none of those Bills EVER made it out of Congress and who’s to say the President would have signed the Bills if they did? The internet is one of the few places where Real Brothers can actually support the Black President so why would he want to censor one of the few places of his support?
The 2008 “financial crisis” in the United States was a systemic fraud in which the wealthy finance capitalists stole trillions of public dollars. No one was jailed for this crime, the largest theft of public money in history.
Finally the physician should bear in mind that he himself is not exempt from the common lot but is subject to the same laws of mortality and disease as his fellows and he will care for the sick with more diligence and tenderness if he remembers that he himself is their fellow sufferer’.
For example, I remember that my longest writing before high school was a full-length novel (120 pages, give or take) about a group of middle school students who go to a summer camp and, through an espionage-style assault on the enemy’s base with paintball markers, stop the bad guys from doing bad stuff (yes, it was that vague). I had no real friend group at the time, and no one ever read it. I was flying solo without any sort of ground control of readers or editors. I read books like the wind and thought to myself, “I can do this.” I threw the story away later on, dismissing it as “childish” writing. Only now do I realize that it could have easily been salvageable. I could have placed it upon a cookie-cutter plot, a pre-made foundation, and then gone from there. It would not have been difficult to return and “fix-up” the story itself, only as difficult as repairing a house with weak constitution. It was a shack built upon a marsh, and it needed more help than I could provide by myself.
"Honey, shouldn't you know by now? Just because he has a boyfriend doesn't mean the game is over. It only means the game just got more interesting. It's over only when I say it is."
* With laws passed that could open up for lawsuits also outside of the US, savvy companies will start to be proactive when considering defensive or offensive IP acquisitions to strenghten portfolio.
This is why I also never talk about animal cruelty issues like foie gras (I just ate that today wtf) or people torturing kittens/puppies.
suto vadaty eṣa tavendra-śatro
Looking in from the front door you can see the opposite wall is the entrance to the kitchen and dining room with a stupid little closet built right in the middle of it. To the left is a set of stairs going up and going down.
In another hallway in my mind, wandering thought, a wanderlust
¡Alambrista! is available on DVD and Blu-ray.
I’m not even talking about the signing of Lukas Podolski, who has confirmed on his own website (as have his current club FC Köln) that he has signed for Arsenal. Signed. Past tense. It’s been done. Lovely. And we can all say “it seems like Arsenal have learned something from the transfer debacle last year”.
This demoralisation and destruction of the party has had wider ramifications. The activist base has been almost entirely depleted, so that in former strongholds like Kirklees, there are no BNP candidates for the first time in 12 years.
Three Heads
Look, I knew there was a cliffhanger when I started this. And I knew, based on how things were shaping up and how few pages were left, that I would be left hanging at a pretty exciting point.
Yup I said it, no more used games.
Marie Lu and me in Agent Centre
“They don’t?” chortled Lisa. “Now that you mention it, I’ve never seen a guy with a boner busting his gut!”
2. JSP/Servlets
After 3 weeks in primary fermentation at 66-68 degrees it came down to 1.008 which was pretty normal and it had a great yeasty flavors of cloves, anise and black pepper. .It was real tasty as well!
It’s an absolutely brilliant handheld gaming console, held back from true greatness by a few small niggles. Said niggles will no doubt become less of a big deal over time – and the likes of Amazon are already selling the console for less than its list price.
It all started last weekend. I was busy each day & could feel I was fighting a cold. I pushed through because I needed to get ready for my first craft show on Saturday (more on this later). By Tuesday, I was done for and out of commission for the next two days. I'm back to about 95% today, finally!
So are you wondering about our winners from last week? The random winner of a $10 gift certificate to the TE Store is Betty Benton! Congrats!
Shrill, too.
So, Saturday morning we packed up my car, got a drive thru breakfast at Chick-fil-e (and Starbucks for my sweet), and hit the open road. We listened to a mix of his music and my music. We have very different musical tastes. Mine range in the alternative/singer-songerwriter genres... GDA prefers hip-hop and songs with Latino flavor. (Of late, I've been getting into the Latin music scene as well, to help with my salsa dancing.) When listening to music, I count in my head. Additionally, "I'm Sexy and I Know It" by LMFAO (I can't tell you how much this name irks me!) has become our mantra of sorts. We'll be doing whatever, and then GDA will break out with I'm Sexy and I Know It.
Bottom line: Kit Whitfield’s In Great Waters is an impressive accomplishment—with thoroughly thought-out worldbuilding, complex characters, and deep, resounding themes, it’s utterly fascinating and engaging. The ending could be a bit bigger, but that’s not much of a complaint. Read it.
One Hot Pleasure (Sultan and Ned Shepard One Hot Dub) Electronica 125 bpm 7:29
DW: OK, go ahead.
Seen from this angle, the mystery of the Pyramids on the seabed has been resolved. We are simply seeing the results of a cataclysmic earth changing event which resulted in raised sea levels and many lost coastal civilizations. Scientists know more about the surface of the moon then they do about the depths of the earth’s oceans. Perhaps we should follow James Cameron’s lead and start asking more questions about what is really down there – maybe even exploring for ourselves.
For those of you who are starting to notice shadows, pay attention to the B00 and BG93 that I threw into the shadows. I did this to liven up the shadows and liven up the artwork. Note that I also added YR30 and B00 into the highlights. I added the rough sketchy lines in the background to liven those areas up as well. You probably don't notice much of this at first, but it helps to add variety to the whole. I did very little blending on this illustration, except for the purple/gray marker label, and even then I tried to keep it sketchy.
Nemi was also kind enough to send me the photo you see above and point out the EXACT marble that I sent. It is a cheap marble among some very old and classic real marbles. It is now much cooler by association.
Anyway, once I had three kids, I couldn't make the schedule work, so I had to leave the job, but I found my mind and my heart and my memory pulled back into that experience so viscerally, so completely recently, that I could almost smell the cheap cigarettes and the haven't-been-washed-in-four-years black jeans and the yesterday's liquor and Jolly Ranchers that I smelled on those kids every day.
This wasnt a Doctor who things happened to this was a Doctor manipulating and pulling the strings always two steps ahead of his advesaries.
While visions of “Freshly Pressed” danced in their heads.
But to lounge in the sweet fact that it took breath
We need to put an end to this! It isn’t fair! Children across the world are dreading to step out of their houses because they’re scared. Children shouldn’t have to live in fear.
Ginger – green chilli paste: 1-2 tsp / according to taste
Right galliera pm review Artificial Louis Vuitton Handbag base really builds quite a few crash into of any display it’s visibility every single consulting, workshop or even obtaining below smaller population center be the same for.
Popcorn Park Zoo was established in 1977 for the sole purpose of providing a refuge for wildlife that were sick, elderly, abandoned , abused, or injured, and which could no longer survive in its natural habitat. As time went on, we expanded to include exotic and domestic animals. All our residents once faced these circumstances, as well as exploitation and illegal ownership. Over 200 of these animals and birds now live in
Murdoch and Elsa Maclennan: Murdoch is chief exec at the Telegraph Media Group. Donations: £23,000.
This amounts to a radical change to the planning process that has seen the previous planning guidance of more than 1000 pages condensed to a little over 50. The framework has been designed this way to simplify the planning process and application decisions.
I saw something on Facebook today about leaders. Paraphrased: If you inspire and encourage then you are a leader. I agree. Unfortunately, leaders are human and can make mistakes.
For the recipe you'll need eight fabrics-four sets of pairs. The Quilting Connection has the specific amounts and some value guidelines to help the selection process. You can contact our email with any other questions. It will be both fun and easily achievable for a great holiday gift!
Kyle told me what they were doing.
Here is our Christmas card that will be going out soon. We had fun with it this year, especially since the boys were BEYOND silly this year when it came time for Christmas pictures so this worked out for us.
LRA Loughton seems significantly more affected by crime than Debden.
Specifically: 1100, the Number of the Beast in telecoms.
glances from joy filled eyes
It's a little sad. Okay, I'm actually really, really sad writing about how much I used to love that garden and the time and energy I put into it and how beautiful it once was. But even more, I'm really happy now tending more carefully the new ways in which I'm growing and changing and shaping myself. I'm loving the new opportunities that are blooming in my life. Exciting new possibilities are arranging themselves in perfectly timed, beautiful colors.
That's nice. Now I suppose he will expect the same from me. What if I choose to shut down anyway and take the consequences? I think that is likely. It feels better to close it off sometimes. When you are the one doing the closing. So if I do and take the consequences does that mean I am choosing a spanking? And if it does then why would I do that? I've talked before about how I think the whys aren't so important. And maybe the why is just because it feels better after. It's just easier.
The Things a Brother Knows by Dana Reinhardt
Nor does Jacobs solely document a year spent sitting on a couch reading. Whilst reading the Britannica, he also travels to Britannica headquarters, joins Mensa, interviews the founder of several high-IQ societies and is a contestant on Who Wants to Be A Millionaire? Yet somehow his anecdotes—undoubtedly an attempt to turn a rather isolating experience into something other people can appreciate—don’t quite manage to make his mission exciting. In fact, one of the central themes in Jacobs’ writing is how infrequently other people—his wife included—appreciate incessant sharing of interesting yet generally irrelevant facts.
One of MCA’s great boasts is that of the Tunku Abdul Rahman College and University.
I look forward to reading your reviews this month!
The trouble was now we were half an hour early. We stuck our head in the restaurant and said “tienamos una reserve” and this is where we got stuck. We tried “Mirta” blank faces, “Roger y Mirta” still blank. “Mirta Gamboa” nope; “Quantas personas” the guy said, “no tengo ningun idea” I said. Stalemate, nothing left but to stand and wait.
We will never tolerate segregation, and the law is on our side on that one. The segregationists/gender queer and cross dressing activists need not to co-opt us anymore, it's unethical and a violation of our rights for them to demand that we misgender ourselves into a third gender "anti-binary" rebellion. We simply are aligned with the binary, like a large percentage of the world.
Take advantage of the $289 Starter kit special!
The U.S. Department of State forwards complete and eligible Hague Abduction Convention applications to the Ministry of Justice. The Ministry of Justice then forwards the applications to the appropriate Public Prosecutor attached to the civil court of general jurisdiction in the jurisdiction where the defendant resides. The Prosecutor brings the case on behalf of France; parents or legal guardian and other parties (e.g., the child) have the right to their own counsel (legal aid is only available to French citizens). A list of attorneys compiled by the U.S. Embassy in France is available through the U.S. Embassy website. Please note that referral of the listed attorneys, law firms, or legal aid organizations do not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the U.S. Department of State. The Department of State assumes no responsibility for the professional ability, performance or integrity of these attorneys. The order in which the names appear has no significance.
4-6 May 2012
Aguero’s workrate, Tevez’ skill…Tevez’ workrate, Aguero’s skill, Clichy’s pace, Silva’s passing, Kompany’s defending, Lescott’s heading, Zabaleta’s engine, De Jong’s presence…ALL pretty special.
mistake of sneezing when the king was speaking, he was strangled on
Our chat was at Urban Coffee Shop and it was my first time there as I don’t drink coffee. After much ado, I found the shop and waited for Rosie to show up. As soon as she worked in I knew she was the one because she got the “bohemian” look just right. And we got chatting. She said she had been dancing since she was a child, following the movements of the waves by the beach and eventually in a ballet class. Her commitment to dance however, started when she had an imaginative teacher that taught them to “move like cats” or come up with their own moves.
summer. She would dress me up and use me to impress her friends with
If you’re like me, living across The Pond, you may have heard news stories about European “football” (rugby) teams and how violent and reactionary their fans can get. And if you’re like me (or even if you actually enjoy sports), you have to wonder what all the fuss is about.
Here are some ways I’ve been combating this little travel bug:
1 cup parmesan cheese
But when Vika arrived at her first orphanage, the workers gave her a birth date and guessed at her age; as she was found on the street with a mom who never claimed her, the exact information was never known. She was given the birthdate of January 19 and it was estimated she was around seven years old.
Step behind him in line, your eyes again meet
Id mention the time I spent all day on my knees with my roommate. Both armed with some cleansing alcohol and a loofa. A metallic scraper and two boxes of tissue paper.elbow deep in fading acrylic paint and high as a kit on the fumes.
So that's about it! Thank you for coming on this long needleturn ride with me. Please don't hesitate to ask any questions, I'm not that good at writing clear instructions so I'm hoping I haven't confused more than helped, but it has been fun xo
Accommodation + full board (three meals a day) only 25 euro per person / day.
V.A. - Melancholiedjes 2 (The second Belgian and Dutch compilation)
“Algar’s a great person and there was no reason for you to mess with my social life,” Sybil growled.
Last week, or well I guess it was this week, being that it's still Saturday and all, a bunch of us went to a place in Cincinnati that I have only heard tales of. I have been wanting to see if it could be true for the longest time, really a place that makes homemade root beer?
I do have some things I'd like to do this year, but I haven't really spent too much time thinking about it.
The difference is that John McCain stared at the juggernaut of history bearing down upon him, and threw a Hail Mary, while Newt Gingrich imagines himself the juggernaut of history poised to sweep civilization, and throws a Hail Mary hoping how well he thinks of himself will be contagious.
Imagine being given an ice cold drink. A cocktail, a soft drink, or even a beer (though I don’t personally like them). You’re given a coaster to catch the condensation before it hits the table. But this coaster is different.
Let's start with my mornings. I sleep on a futon, which isn't too uncomfortable, actually. It's a good bit firmer than I'm used to, but that isn't a problem. However, I think my pillow is too firm for my sleeping habits, and I'll probably go to Ikea and get a softer one. I try to get up around 9 now, though I slept in until 11 this morning (I've been quite tired). I fold up my sheets and pick up my mattress to lean it against the wall. This helps it dry out to avoid mold. I've been doing this since day one, as I had been warned that it can develop mold. (At my recent follow-up training, I heard from one of the other trainees that she had not been doing this and already started developing a mold of some sort! The fix seems to be some kind of bleach spray, followed by vacuuming. I want this spray just for a precaution.)
He settled for a stiff nod to acknowledge her apology, and realised he didn't know where to begin. Why had he gotten so upset with Dora's quip? It was rude of the Four Knot to suggest he might find a Wilder attractive, but he couldn't exactly explain that to Taslin. He bit his lip, caught himself doing it, and stopped, feeling the odd urge to cover his mouth to make sure he didn't do it again. Instead, he clenched a fist, and said, "Sorry, could you repeat the question? I've lost track."
Our paths crossed by the amazing paradigm of the Internet.......she stumbled upon me because of my sweet little earth Angel Emma Sage and my blogging and capturing her life in photographs and words.
It was always the “in” thing, to have a clean, fancy, shiny bicycle. Bicycles to us kids in those days were much like cars in the years to come; a necessary mode of transportation, much more so than they were to my own children. I would often visit the local Schwinn bicycle shop not far away to look at, to dream of and to plan for bigger and more expensive models. Sometime when I was about 13, I owned a Schwinn Stingray, with it’s high-rise handlebars, a 20 inch rear tire with a smaller one up front, a banana seat and a five-speed shifter on the bar between my legs. I became pretty efficient at pulling “wheelies” with it and could travel half a block or more before losing momentum. Eventually I would graduate to a 26 inch ten-speed before my days as a kid, riding bikes with my friends, would come to an end.
P raise can do alone.
The Waste Land, by T. S. Eliot
Numb is forced to more or less prostitute himself by letting people put nails in him. Just like so many other people he didn't know any other way to survive. First he was part of the freak show in the circus and then on to a different kind of freak show in New York.
And the devil in disguise.
The third element is the creation of depth using increasing dark values as you get to back of the ship. The idea is to try and make it look as though the Titanic is coming out of the dark into the light.
I wanted to take the time to wish all my new friends from MUIB a hearty hello! I’ve added a blog roll over on the right for the amazing blogs authored by these women. Please take a moment to take a look at the wide variety of topics covered in depth here. Please check back frequently as we are a busy group and post often!!
Over the years, I've had boots with lace-ups, no lace ups, big stumpy platforms, buckles, and heels of various heights. They are always knee length and black, that's a constant.
WHADDYA, KNOW: This will take a circuitous route to a point about receiver standards, starting with quote from the “Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012.”
Latinos (Govs. Sandoval and Martinez; various Senators) and Asian-Americans (Govs. Haley and Jindal; Sens. Inouye and Akaka) have had more success in recent years, despite similar problems — gerrymandering, for example.
The Roman Catholic Church had just begun its Counter-Reformation, a reaction against the successful Reformation of the Protestant Church and the Thirty Years War began. Galileo was strangely naive about politics. He felt that he could outwit the Church, which had made the country almost a police state, because he was so clever. But logical thinking and truth were the enemies of Faith and anyone who didn’t agree was, a heretic.
And my nails...well lets just say I still gotta 'em.
and I am waiting for a rebirth of wonder and I am waiting for someone to really discover America and wail and I am waiting for the discovery Of a new symbolic western frontier and I am waiting for the American Eagle to really spread its wings and straighten up and fly right and I am waiting for the Age of Anxiety to drop dead and I am waiting for the war to be fought which will make the world safe for anarchy and I am waiting for the final withering away of all governments and I am perpetually awaiting a rebirth of wonder I am waiting for the second coming And I am waiting For a religious revival To sweep thru the state of Arizona And I am waiting For the grapes of wrath to stored And I am waiting For them to prove That God is really American And I am waiting To see God on television Piped into church altars If they can find The right channel To tune it in on And I am waiting for the last supper to be served again and a strange new appetizer and I am perpetually awaiting a rebirth of wonder I am waiting for my number to be called and I am waiting for the Salvation Army to take over and I am waiting for the meek to be blessed and inherit the earth without taxes and I am waiting for forests and animals to reclaim the earth as theirs and I am waiting for a way to be devised to destroy all nationalisms without killing anybody and I am waiting for linnets and planets to fall like rain and I am waiting for lovers and weepers to lie down together again in a new rebirth of wonder I am waiting for the great divide to be crossed and I anxiously waiting For the secret of eternal life to be discovered By an obscure practitioner and I am waiting for the storms of life to be over and I am waiting to set sail for happiness and I am waiting for a reconstructed Mayflower to reach America with its picture story and TV rights sold in advance to the natives and I am waiting for the lost music to sound again in the Lost Continent in a new rebirth of wonder I am waiting for the day that maketh all things clear and I am waiting for retribution for what America did to Tom Sawyer and I am waiting for the American Boy to take off Beauty's clothes and get on top of her and I am waiting for Alice in Wonderland to retransmit to me her total dream of innocence and I am waiting for Childe Roland to come to the final darkest tower and I am waiting for Aphrodite to grow live arms at a final disarmament conference in a new rebirth of wonder I am waiting to get some intimations of immortality by recollecting my early childhood and I am waiting for the green mornings to come again for some strains of unpremeditated art to shake my typewriter and I am waiting to write the great indelible poem and I am waiting for the last long rapture and I am perpetually waiting for the fleeting lovers on the Grecian Urn to catch each other at last and embrace and I am awaiting perpetually and forever
My husband dusted off Betsey and filled the brittle tires with air. The hard narrow seat hurt, and the squeaky brakes annoyed me, but the bike still worked, so off I went. Since Salem has some Greenways not far from the shop, I figured it would be an ideal location to give it a spin. So I rode along the path I usually walk. The worst part was getting to the path as I had to walk the bike up a rather steep hill and across a bridge dodging traffic on Colorado. I was out of breath by the time I even got to the Greenway.
Showcase Different Sides of Your Biz
On our way back the clouds lifted away from the top of the nearby mountain and we caught a glimpse of part of Machu Picchu from afar. It made me that much more excited for tomorrow. Aguas Calientes is in a valley by the river, whereas Machu Picchu is at the top of a mountain. It's quite the climb to get up there; the buses go through a series of switchbacks. We could see them going up and down from where we were.
Liking this more and more, Grayson nodded to himself with no thought to Doyle’s cautioning advice. Making it up as it came to him, he went on with enthusiastic abandon. “I know who kidnapped her, or at least, who arranged it. It’s doubtful that he came here himself. I suspect he sent someone to do it for him.”
The film has no textual titles except brief ones at the beginning and before the tacked-on, studio-mandated epilogue. Murnau and screenwriter Carl Mayer convey everything entirely through visuals, through performances. The complete lack of dialogue text is very refreshing, preventing the film from getting bogged down in endless reading breaks between images. Even in the one scene where Murnau uses text within the mise en scène, this text isn't simply a static paragraph. The porter learns of his demotion to restroom attendant through a letter, and Murnau displays this letter onscreen. But when the porter gets to the part that is for him the key phrase — the humiliating line that attributes this change to his "age and frailty" — the camera tracks along the words, following his eye as he takes in this disheartening phrase. The image then begins to blur, as if with tears, confirming that this is the first subjective shot in the film — and the first subjective shot in the then-short history of moving pictures! Even with the novelty long since faded, shots like this are incredibly affecting and bracing, as are the graceful tracking shots that zero in on the porter's distraught face at key moments.
We live in a society where food prices are set to go only one way: up. We also live in a society (at least in the UK) where all the land has been divided up between a handful of the people. Only 3% of land in the UK today is common land. Both land and property are becoming further and further out of the reach of ordinary people. We are forced instead to be completely dependent on the mercy of landlords, our money pouring out of our accounts into their pockets with nothing of our own to show for it. We a bundled closer and closer together into smaller and smaller apartments and flats where it becomes difficult to grow or produce anything which makes us completely at the mercy of the supermarkets and agribusiness. We are not a free people anymore, we are unable to affect change, we are unable to chose a path of self-sufficiency and we are subject to a great many market forces beyond our control.
When it comes to blogger, I love the various new views they have, but they don't have the support yet for custom widgets, which I don't want to totally abandon yet. So what's a blogger to do?
(This is where I get worried that my son is posessed)
I have no idea what I want to be when I grow up. Honestly. I only ever wanted to be a teacher. Now I've meet that mark and I'm good at it. It seems crazy to just stick around status-quo, right? So what do I do next? I'm not interested in becoming an administrator, mostly because I understand how intensely frustrating that job that can be without the right funds or support from your superiors. I'm not eager to get another degree in English, because I already have a hard enough time finding other ways (than teaching) to use my B.A. degree.
In the morning I had my valise packed, waiting outside the door to the beach-house. I wanted to be anywhere but inside my own crawling flesh. But she had been unfaithful, so why was I to leave? We agreed to find separate homes and when I left the solitude of Lakeview Drive, I moved into a bustling, dysfunctional community on East Cliff Drive, a house and cabins on a giant lot where 14 people lived and ate together. (Today, Lakeview is paved and the little house has made way for a choked row of overpriced condos.)
The Continental GT’s infotainment system is every bit as compact, powerful and technologically advanced as the cars that houses it. As standard the Continental GT comes with an eight channel, eight speaker system, with 15GB of storage for music. Music can be played via an iPod, MP3 player, the car’s own six-disc CD changer or even an SD card.
But then we got on top of the dye thing, and it started to feel pretty easy. I was just thankful that food dyes were my only foray into restricted diets and that I didn’t have to worry about any of the HARD stuff. Like peanuts. Or dairy. Or gluten.
The examples generally used to support this sort of argument typically involve animals with different sensory capabilities than our own, like Thomas Nagel's bat (Nagel did not use his bat argument for the point I am making here.) The bat has poorer vision than us, but instead has a highly refined sonar system it uses to echolocate its prey. What must it be like, Nagel asks, to be a bat? What is a "bat's world" like? We can hardly imagine it, but by what right do we claim that our world is the "real world" in contrast to the bat's? If these sorts of examples impress us as support for Kant's views, we should remember that Kant himself did not argue from them. For if Kant is right, then what we call a "bat" is only a construction our consciousness puts on sense impressions. Imagining what it is like to be a bat is just another way of exploring our own consciousness, not a magic way to explore the possibilities of some other consciousness.
“You got no right to beat on the brat, asshole,” I tell him. “Not with a fucking baseball bat.”
Arkle Chase and went on to add the Queen Mother Champion Chase in 2003 and 2005, as well as a host of other championship races including the Grade One John Smith’s Melling Chase at Aintree in 2004 and 2005. He crowned the 2002/03 season with victory in the John Smith’s Grand National aboard Monty’s Pass, something which contributed to him being voted RTE Sports Personality of the year by Irish television viewers. He captured the 2005 Cheltenham Gold Cup on the Tom Taaffe-trained Kicking King the day after Moscow Flyer’s emotional second Queen Mother Champion Chase triumph. In total, he has enjoyed 25 victories at the Cheltenham Festival. Geraghty teamed up with Lambourn trainer Nicky Henderson at the start of the 2008/09 season, splitting his time between Ireland and Britain. Geraghty’s association with Henderson has already yielded a Champion Hurdle victory in 2009 with Punjabi and he was top jockey at The Festival in 2012 with five success including the Queen Mother Champion Chase on Finian’s Rainbow. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2000 Call It A Day (6th); 2001 Hanakham (Fell 2nd); 2002 Alexander Banquet (Unseated 6th); 2003 MONTY’S PASS (WON); 2004 Monty’s Pass (4th); 2005 Monty’s Pass (16th); 2006 Puntal (6th); 2007 Slim Pickings (3rd); 2008 Slim Pickings (4th); 2009 Golden Flight (Fell 1st); 2010 Big Fella Thanks (4th); 2011 Or Noir De Somoza (Fell 6th)
Turmeric Powder - 1/4 tsp
My work is looking beyond the pure documentation of a state for the transient and personal intermediate spaces, which are hidden in every situation and action.
How do you set the limit?
After The Beast, Ray Harryhausen was on a roll: It Came from Beneath the Sea, 20 Million Miles to Earth, Earth vs. the Flying Saucers. But in 1958 he, producer Charles Schneer and director Nathan Juran made a picture that represented an orders-of-magnitude leap forward on the keen-and-neat-o scale.
Please link your creations below by Sunday, April 8th to play along. Winner and Tea Time Terrific Top Three will be announced Monday, April 9th. We will have an all-new challenge for you to play along with on the 9th as well, so please come back and visit with us again for another chance to win!
An open letter to our young undergrads — Tay Tian Yan – April 18, 2012
1 small onion, diced
Thanks for following this journey!
Overall I have done 77 runs, over a total of 390 miles. I’ve cross-trained a total of 79 miles over 22 occasions. I’ve used 49,000 calories and climbed 6000 feet of elevation. Total exercise time of just under 74 hours. I did set myself the goal of virtually ‘running’ from Land’s End to John O’Groats, and I’m a bit behind schedule, with 381 miles to do in 137 days… I’d better get back into training mode!
In a manifesto he published online before the attacks, Breivik wrote that “patriotic resistance fighters” should use trials “as a platform to further our cause.”
Baseball! Slightly overcast and chilly for most of game. We had a rough start but came back from behind by 9 runs to win with bases loaded in the pouring rain! Go team go!
none leading to what I need.
I am not a demonstrator, but if anyone wants to know where to buy SU from I know a couple of lovely ladies you can place your orders with.
from our souls.
I have been trying to study Japaneese and I have been CRYING………….. Big sigh!
The new album will be released this fall.
Happy Friday! Hope you all are ready for a wonderful weekend! Emmy is headed to Gramma's tomorrow to see a ballet of Sleeping Beauty. Chris is away golfing with his brother for the weekend, so I have a date with my favorite boy, Sawyer. We are going to head to his soccer game, have some lunch, and we are going to have a glorious afternoon together. We plan to play Star Wars Trouble, take Jake for a long walk, and then snuggle on the couch for a movie night. Sunday morning he and I are going to try out another church where some of his schoolmates worship, so we are looking forward to that! I am super excited for some one on one time with my little man.
Tomato - 1 medium or 2 small chopped
If I contemplate all this too long it makes my head spin. I get the same feeling when looking upwards into a clear night's sky contemplating my place in the universe. My head lightens when my mind takes to places of such vast wonderment. As a human, I don't have the capability to fully comprehend the universe. As a mother, I can't fully comprehend how we are no longer the center of his.
The account in Acts takes up with the last day the Lord spent on earth and His last words to the apostles. To introduce this birth of history it would be right to see some of the infallible proofs of the physical resurrection of Jesus. He writes, “He shewed himself alive. . .by many infallible proofs.” What were some of these proofs?
petitions and every sharp
Loraine Angela Razon
The answer is: Yes, wholeheartedly yes!
You are not even aware of these thoughts, consciously, and they affect your success. It can be very difficult to discover these limitations by yourself. You can, but when you are caught up in your way of doing things – you accept them as being the only way to do it.
"My kids have never really seen me smile. My husband says he misses it,"
The week has flown by again and at Sugar Creek Hollow we have another SHABBY CHIC/VINTAGE/PRIMATIVE challenge for you......there were lots of lovely entries for last week well done to you all.
In case you didn’t know, the cheddar bagel is a plain bagel that has been baked with cheddar cheese on top. The cheese gets nice and crispy on top and then congeals and pools in the centre of the bagel. It’s absolutely delicious. Also, there is more than one take on a cheesy-esque bagel. There is also the Asiago bagel, which, I don’t care for as much because the cheese is far too overwhelming during those two middle bites, but it’s a worthy substitute when the bakery runs out of cheddar bagels. Cheddar bagels are delicious. It doesn’t matter if you eat them 6 hours after a trip to the bakery, 1 day later, or 2 days after the fact (though, they never last longer than 6 hours in my household, they’re too darn good), you don’t have to reheat them, slice them down the middle and put cream cheese on them or anything. Just take from the bag you stored them in and have a big, healthy bite. They ooze of cheese and happiness. It’d be divine bliss to have one with a cup of Starbucks (must be why there’s a Starbucks right across the street from the bakery), honestly.
“Since my D-1 clock is up, I was speaking to some D-2 schools about playing for them but it was too late to apply there as well so for the time being I will train here in Hawaii and get ready for Pro Day,” he said.
Two bros from Home Town Hero hooked up with Audiovent's drummer and made some funkay music together in 2006, resulting in one of the few quintessential pop/rock/funk albums of the Noughties. Sounds pretty good, capiche?
at my blog 50 times since yesterday morning. I told her I was
His last really good day was my wedding. He died four months later.
Make sure it is just the 2 of you. If his mates are over, it probably won’t be as romantic as you had hoped.
I love these cookies...they have some different ingredients in them and the taste wonderful!
*I used apricot nectar, because it's the closest thing I could find, and although I only needed a half-cup, it came in a little six-pack. I figure I'll use the rest of it in other marinades.
So, what is the process of becoming a dog trainer? Who do you talk to, what school do you enroll in? Keeping in mind that the field of dog training is not regulated, extreme caution is warranted when choosing an educational route. Some of the best trainers are self-taught. They start by training their own dogs, then the dogs of family, friends and neighbors. They read the latest and greatest training books, they attend seminars. Then they begin taking paid clients.
Don’t get me wrong, I LOVE my job. Love. And I ADORE my students. ADORE. And I never complain about any of it, because I love it all. But when some douchebags who have never done this job complains about how we’re overcompensated, well then, objectively, there’s a lot to complain about, and I could go on. So please stop me or I’ll have a hernia.
Looking forward to the slew of holidays (Haloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years) that are coming up sooner than expected.
For Brothers & Sisters Who Chose Life – When Death Was Not an Option – Choreopoem mashup of Ntozake Shange’s for colored girls who have considered suicide/when the rainbow is enuf and Keith Antar Mason’s …for black boys who have considered homicide when the streets were too much…. This week: Friday and Saturday 8:00, Sunday 2:00. Continues through April 22. Farrison-Newton Building, NCCU Campus, Durham.
Translation: Ask the new people you meet about themselves. When in a group or at a party, listen carefully to the conversation. See where you might be able to jump in. It may be something as simple as an exclamation, “You’re kidding me!” that gets the ball rolling.
23 pause 0:55
The prosecution, which followed a Customs seizure, indicates that, while the public authorities in many countries are often reluctant to utilise public resources in order to enforce private rights, the Spanish authorities have shown themselves to be decisive in not only securing conviction but resisting the appeal.
Hello readers new and old! Some of my favorite or most remarked upon posts the past two years of FFIMS, w/commentary.Somewhat emphasizing the early stuff, when I was really trying to essay, some of the oomph or viscera at least or feeling behind it going into the book Heroines, out in September.
Grrr...
So what does this work cover? As the publisher's web blurb indicates:
A little bit vintage with a touch of Grunge..
I thought about this a lot on one of my recent visits to see my family, as I revisited my old stomping grounds and supermarkets I used to shop in. In the middle of the day, the suburban grocery stores were so vast and empty of shoppers, the air conditioning blasting through the sliding front doors as we entered, the shopping carts tremendous, and the aisles mostly filled with lots of processed foods I never knew existed. Our little markets don't have room for the plethora of prepackaged crap out there, so they need to be discerning too.
Nellie's photograph is my image of what an ideal summer should be (I've overused 'perfect' so I can't possibly use it again!)
First, Dr. King relies heavily upon the idea that we love our enemies because God or Jesus loves them. At the core of these assertions, I believe, is not any sort of construct about God being a personality or a father figure or Jesus his sole manifestation in the flesh, but the more fundamental truth of human unity. The more fundamental idea that we members of this human species are brothers and sisters, children of the same universe. The more fundamental idea that our similarities are greater than our differences and that we ultimately struggle for the same things: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Like The Shard it aims for the new elitism – “a rich mix of slick residential apartments, exclusive retail, extensive office space, boutique hotel, private spa, a hi-tech automated car park and the city’s first rooftop restaurant reside.” Upmarket is the American term which refers to what we would in England describe as vulgar: money without taste.
There are good arguments for and against reforming the upper chamber. Many are opposed to the very principle of an unelected House of Parliament – a practice present in only 15 other countries worldwide. Others are concerned that an elected second house would result in US senate-style gridlock, and highlight the good – if mostly invisible – work of peers like Jane Campell and Dee Doocey in opposing the Government’s regressive welfare and legal aid cuts. Some like Polly Toynbee have called for the abolition of the House altogether.
Khavi Mavodze writes (second picture below) : “The World (cup) is over please foreigners leave our country and take your brother Perreira along, we don’t care even if his bank account is loaded with South African money, as for you ref, be warned, xenophobia is our first name…’ Percy Masete agrees, writing: ‘if we don’t make it to the next round, all the foreigners must go…’
What seems to be the problem?
Make the moment,
Although there is no charge for this chart, a donation to the MS Trust for this chart would be appreciated. Pennies will do - and you can make a donation by clicking here
This year, the girls are coming to my house because they haven’t yet visited me in my new place. We plan to hit a nearby outlet mall and take a float trip on the river. I’m going to cook something really yummy for them and show them the sights in our scenic new home, and I’m sure the seven of us will camp out in my den until the wee hours laughing and being girls.
For spicy, add the grated Serrano to the lemon juice - blend well - with a whisk or a hand blender/mixer. Then add all your ingredients.
You might even subscribe to an online archive service that automatically backs up your computer data on a regular basis. These are fine for some people, but they can be very expensive, and you have to make sure your computer is turned on and online when the regularly scheduled backup takes place. You also have to remember to renew your annual subscription to this kind of service or guess what? Your photos will be deleted from their storage space for non-payment.
Headed for the historic town of Richmond (about 30 minutes out of Hobart in the direction of the airport).
We are bringing our workout gear and are hoping for a few trail runs while we're there!
It’s quiet, very quiet. Still there is no one else around; most are off on summer holidays as I have these milestone moments. I know the world should and does carry on; I am but a speck, a colourful speck but a speck all the same in a vast wilderness of people, strangers. I cannot sleep, every morning, or night I wake at around 3am. This morning I just lay there trying to rationalise my fear. I have given up my job, how will I live? How will I pay the mortgage, have electrolysis, pay, pay, pay, do, do, do! Then I realised that it was all taking place anyway, it had a slight beat now, a pulse, a life outside and beyond my fear. I just lay there and planned outfits, haircuts, hair colour, shoes, boots, I closed my eyes and for the first time there I was standing in front of me looking just fine. Like a proud forty plus woman who had a career, style and would soon have a vagina. I watched me walk through my life, teaching, shopping, and laughing. I realised that as long as I kept breathing it would be fine, the morning would come, I would be tired and I would get up and face the day and be one step closer to me. Breathing allows the pulse of this thing to beat with a newly acquired regularity, my transformation has calmed down; relaxed I slept.
because they had shown me.............
Describing a crime so vast is ugly work, to open this ghastly casket is to expose a massive rank and sulphurous morass of tangled conspiracies, lies and plots, some dating back two centuries or more, mingling with others which are far more recent. There are many half formed, ill conceived which have been long abandoned, but others, chilling in their cold hearted and deliberate brilliance, still gnaw away at the substance and foundations of the common and ancient prey. To look too deeply into what is taking place is to glimpse an evil in the souls of our fellow men which is not easy or comfortable to contemplate, and it for that reason too that I have chosen to put this subject to one side for a while.
The mystery is also largely rendered irrelevant by the sense that the film is really exploring the distorting effects of memory, the ways in which memory can lie and obscure rather than revealing the truth. Resnais is concerned with the selectivity of memory, and for much of the film several key scenes are occluded, perhaps because Claude is on some level subconsciously directing the images that flash before his eyes. At other times, it seems like his memory is rebelling against the staid confines of reality, creating surreal disjunctions and weird interludes that suggest that not only can memory lie, it can go mad.
The stern lifeboats, four on the port and four on the starboard side, had already left the ship. One of the first boats to leave carried only 12 people, Sir Cosmo and Lady Duff Gordon, and 10 others. Most of the boats were loaded with about 40 to 45, with the exception of the last few to go, which were loaded to full capacity.
Grace be to you and peace, from God: our Father, and The LORD Jesus Christ.
Fish Girl, who now knows that the Fools are from the past, teaches them to adjust to modern life. Anyway, the episode is ending which means it’s time for a cliffhanger. Because this drama is full of contrivances, Park Ha’s stepmom gets her to help empty out Tae Yong’s room. This means she gets to drag Crown Prince along with her. Which means that somehow, he gets to go into the house and into room and gets shocked when he sees one of Micky’s DBSK posters. Oh noes! Not only is Crown Princess in the modern world, so is he!
Chick Gandil - Chino
So um yeah:
Cox plays Avery Ludlow, a reclusive widower who lives a quiet life of fishing and relaxing with dog Red. During one fateful fishing trip, Ludlow and Red happen across a trio of delinquent youths who attempt to rob the old man. Out of spite, the most vicious of the kids (Fisher) shoots Red dead in the head. Seeking justice, Ludlow finds the boys' respective parents and appeals for them to do the right thing. The brats deny everything and the parents simply dismiss poor Ludlow. Still though, the old chap doesn't go as Harry Brown as one might expect. This is no average old-bloke-on-the-rampage movie.
The Bloomington brewery has six beers on draft. They are available for sampling and growler fills (a growler is a container, usually glass, that is filled off of draft lines for at-home consumption; they generally come in 64 ounce containers, but some places have 32 ounce as well). Kegs are also available for sale. Pints of their beer are sold only on Sundays and Mondays.
To make sure this book holds together and is a durable storage solution, I used the Unibind Wire Binding Machine. It's very easy to use and heavy duty...the bind will last. In the photo below you'll see me punching the holes for the wires...the machine has adjustable die cutting pins that allow for a variety of sizes and wires. It's very useful and versatile.
TD: One of the benefits of being a member of EFactor is that you’re connected with all kinds of specialist within one mouse click. Being a member of a group of likeminded people means it is easy to share your skills, knowledge and expertise and you can expect the same from other members. Executive coaching can be an accelerator of your business growth as well as your personal development. I’m always willing to share and support whenever I can. When my input leads to a desire to sign up to a more intensive and tailor made coaching program, all the better. That’s how I make a living. Since my clients report a ROI of 629%, they are making a better living from it as well.
John McCain said “If Congress does not act, American taxpayers will continue to be exposed to the enormous risk that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose to the housing market, the overall financial system, and the economy as a whole.” PDF of Congressional Record (center column)
I believe that “less” actually is “more” so strongly that if you don’t anticipate discovering your spouse has been leading a double life, is heading to prison and that the U.S. Marshalls are going to help you “clean out” and “declutter” your life of “things” in the very near future, I highly recommend you do it on your own— although perhaps not to the extent my life was “decluttered”! (lol)
“Trying not to mess up that bod huh?” She looked me up and down like a piece of cake at a Weight Watchers convention. “Why did you come through the window?”
d. Ryan Reynolds after his transformation
Here it is closed. I just used sew-on velcro.
Paymar has been a strong advocate of gun control, socialized health care and of measures to combat domestic violence. The last is a very worthy cause, but is one often hi-jacked by feminists and socialists to extract money from government and foundations and to denigrate men and masculine institutions.
Wander around an empty New York City in the company of Will Smith and his doggy. Play golf on an aircraft carrier and talk to a shop dummy while picking up a film at a deserted Blockbuster. You'd be better off reading the book for a better ending (the mutants are now normal society and he is the monster). Best bit of the film is Will singing to his dog.
LINK UP YOUR $10 CRAFT OR RECIPE! Please play fair and copy the Ten Buck Tuesday button to your blog when you link up! The link-up will be open until next Monday at 11:59pm (EST)! No shops or main pages; please link up the specific post of your project.
About ten minutes later, a very nicely dressed young adult approached us wearing suit, I thought, “well he may not have parents with him, but this kid is ready to represent himself.”
But these chemicals are also particularly potent hormone disrupters. And approximately 76 percent of the fragrances tested in the Not So Sexy report contained at least one of them.
Ryker had his first baseball game today. I’m not super into sports, but any opportunity to get amazing pictures I will jump right in. I don’t mean to self absorbed when I say god-damn this is a great picture.
I look at her and see that she was the exterior wall of the fortress that protected me from a lifetime of pain. She was the buffer. She’s the one who stepped in and took all of the hits, and absorbed all of the shocks and insults. She’s the one who stepped onto the plane and flew across the country to take care of whichever loved one was dying. She always found a way even when a way seemed impossible. She not only took care of me, but the entire world she knew. She’d gotten oh so very tired. It’s an exhaustion that I still feel. It was a terribly thankless job. She carried all of the pain and kept me smiling a fake smile, and moving through life in the best, muddled, way that I could.
Passwords
You think it is just beginning,
A recent find by Richard K. covers several Christian Endeavor subjects. Bible study is certainly one. So is prayer; and the famous evangelist and Christian Endeavor influence Dwight L. Moody wrote on the importance of prayer meetings in his title Golden Counsels in his chapter, “How to Have a Good Prayer Meeting’ (D. L. Moody. Golden Counsels. Boston: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1899, pp. 27-33).
We found all three elements at The Alchemist on Brunswick Street, Fitzroy.
Happy revising!
I am hearing Seidner ads on the radio, the ones featuring Patty Berg but so far I am not hearing any compelling reason why I should support Seidner. Just feel good stuff. It is not enough.
13.Acceptance
“You should have gone there yesterday while the footy was on,” he smugged.
Because Mersault has become an object of derision for the crowd, he understands that they do not fully grasp his particular humanity, his agency. For them, he is merely a vessel into which to pour their malign engagement. The crowd, unlike either Mersault or the ‘benign indifference’ of the universe with which he feels so closely bonded, is intensely aroused and judgemental. They have found a type of meaning in directing their anger towards a person, an idea – even if it is a false one. He, and the universe in which he has finally found a brotherhood, has been fatally misunderstood.
We began our journey to Fairyland in Keswick (KEZ-ick) in the North Lake District. This is how the world looked out of our hotel window when we awoke. Not very auspicious when it rained on and off all day the day before and then here all that sogginess is again. But then again, the misty mountains look otherworldly. What awaits us in those hills?
I am still really into the DIY and thrifting mood…maybe to do with the creativity and the fun of the hunt, but anyways I stumbled across this video on YouTube and I so need to make myself a pair! I know that I will have to find a pair of cowboy boots in my size at the thrift store (easier said then done, methinks), but so fun and I do love booties…yay!
-Drain the water and squeeze out the excess water.Keep aside.
The North End Neighbours, who have appealed the matter being heard before OMB chair Harold Goldkind, says it doesn’t. The group, through their lawyer Herman Turkstra, want speed limit reductions from 50 kilometres an hour to 30 km/h on Burlington Street East, Wellington Street, Ferguson Avenue, John Street and James Street, a redesignation of Bay Street North from collector to local road status and other traffic measures to safeguard the neighbourhood’s 1,200 children.
2. No flour added to thicken the jam
( a salt scrub dries out our skin...its salt, makes sense right :-)
Outside food sources that attract rodents include garbage, dog and cat food, dog feces, birdseed, and fruits or berries that have fallen to the ground. Take away their sources of food outside, and rodents will look for another neighborhood to live. Pick up fruit and vegetables in your yard. A honeycomb can feed hundreds of mice all winter, so carefully remove any beehives in the immediate area. Birds are messy eaters, which is especially helpful to rodents. So quit feeding the birds for the duration of the infestation. If you’re feeding the squirrels; you’re also feeding rodents. If at all possible, feed your pets indoors. If you must feed your pets outside, remove their food 30 minutes after serving. Otherwise, whatever you’re pet doesn’t eat, rodents will. Since rats are nocturnal, feed your outdoor pet well before dark.
Catalog Number:1541 AS
Top 50 aka #11-50 (boys: 19, girls: 8)
With the NFL draft just days away, highly valued quarterback prospects certainly don't want their names associated with Leaf.
Firstly, I managed to do a full seven days of morning pages and the 2hr Artist Date that I was so stressed about. In fact, I managed to find several opportunities to date my inner artist throughout the week so that's proven that I do have available time and I can be more productive if I choose to take that time for my creativity. Nobody died. Nobody starved to death. The house didn't fall down. Mr W didn't leave me. It was okay.
I can get tickets for Carmen On Tap once they start Actually Advertising them (closer to July, when the next show runs), and take my girlfriend out for a Fabulous Evening. (There will be primping. Oh, yes. There will be primping).
One autumn, a few years after we met a change came over my friend. She stopped calling and wouldn’t answer my calls or return them. Her daughters did the same to my daughters. If I went to her house, she wouldn’t answer the door. But if we saw each other socially and I spoke to her, she seemed her normal witty self. I wasn’t sure if she was avoiding me or if I was imagining it.
For the first two rounds, this one was all Riley. For ten-plus minutes, Riley backed Griffin down, took him down and hung all over him, brutalizing him with ground and pound. At the end of the second round, Riley very nearly got the finish by way of a rear-naked choke.
Readers acquainted with Anaya s fiction will find themselves in familiar territory here. Randy Lopez, like all Anaya s protagonists, is on a spiritual quest. But both those new to and familiar with Anaya will recognize this philosophical meditation as part of a long literary tradition going back to Homer, Dante, and the Bible. Richly allusive and uniquely witty, Randy Lopez Goes Home presents man s quest for meaning in a touching, thought-provoking narrative that will resound with young adults and mature readers alike.
It seems like yesterday that I applied for the Graphic 45 DT hoping with everything crossed that I would make it to the next round - simply so I could do the best I could and post it to them to show them! I was so very proud of myself that I did make it to the next round and secretly hoped and hoped that I would see my name up there when the time came. I did try to talk myself out of it - looking at the list of names I was sure that was going to be as far as I made it. Off to Bali we went on a special family holiday to celebrate hubby's birthday... won't say how old hehe! And it was also my youngest daughters birthday too whilst over - on 2nd April....... Being on the other side of the world to the Graphic 45 headquarters means that I didn't get the news until the morning of Chionia's birthday - we had woken up in the hotel room - I had booted up the laptop and connected to the internet (which in Bali was slow rofl!) and watched while Chionia opened her present - Hubby asked if I knew and my reply was no - not sure if I did want to look - my eldest daughter then said well I will then to which I replied no I will and did and couldn't believe what I read - there was my name... and I sat there in stunned silence watching birthday girl playing with her toys and then getting ready for a day at Waterbom park all whilst thinking OMG I did it.....
You'll notice though, that while being an Avenger is something that Brian would clearly love to do, he does initially turn it down. You can see the disappointment on his face, but out of a sense that he might be letting people down - his team-mates, the people of Britain maybe. That's just how he is. Its a key point to his character. He's a very personable human being - something which was made pretty clear throughout Captain Britain and MI13. Despite his posh boy roots he remains a man of the people, and he's connected to them on a level few other National Superheroes could ever possibly know. Because that connection actually is a physical thing. It part and parcel of his very powers.
And if you just don’t want to be bothered with any of that, and you don’t mind using an external service, you could try using Bill Simon’s Google Voice-SIP gateway (the linked article shows how to use it with an Obihai device, but if you read through it you will see it also shows that the gateway can be used with Asterisk directly).
can be seen in his reflection
V. If We Fail to Act
I can only imagine what you can come up with using this pattern...
in left side picture,you can download from www.joyiphone.net.
b. Books
Keep, unless it was really rubbish, then it’s off to Oxfam. Never ever ever throw away, ever – it’d feel like throwing away a living thing. Ugh.
While I'd entered shows before, entering The Duchess was like walking into a gun fight armed with a Uzi. I knew she was a knock out, and wholecloth quilts generally do well because they don't have a lot to complete against.
‘Mummy, there is I took it out of my bottom and put it in there myself’. Ok, I was listening now, I let the water out and yes she was right, there was poo in there and I had been scrubbing the kitchen floor, with poo water!
blanket of clouds,
Ground Turkey/Apple/Carrot Meatballs (serves 4-6)
Walker is a residential suburb just east of the centre of Newcastle. Walker's name is a hybrid of Old English and Viking Norse, "Wall-kjerr", where "kjerr" is Norse for "marshy woodland". The name therefore means "marshy woodland by the wall", where the wall in question is of course Hadrian's Wall.
After changing her shoes I spotted another store across the street we could just walk to, so I picked her up, closed the hatchback, and had the immediate sensation that can only be described as "Oh Fuck." After a quick check of my pockets, I peered into the hatchback where I saw, partially hidden by the word Ross and a pair of my daughter's shoes, my car keys. Not too old to remember where they were this time.
Sweet clover is valued for its medicinal uses because the flower contains coumarinic acids. Coumarin is the active ingredient in prescription anticoagulants (blood-thinning medications).
The prime minister eulogized his father as a man who knew “how to identify danger in time” — a quality, his father told him, “that our people lost while in exile.” Benzion also taught him to “face reality head on” and “draw the necessary conclusions.”
8. The Kinks "Have a Cuppa Tea" 3:42
I then inserted head pins through center of Lucite flowers with silver balls and attached to 1/8 ribbon for attached page maker..
Dr Seuss' How the Grinch stole Christmas ... Cartoon Network (east) ... 7:30 PM
Thank God that He has made you holy by the blood of Jesus. Resolve to follow Him today, allowing Him to make you holy.
Alexander still stared when she stalked towards him, transfixed by the sky-blue of her eyes, noticing the knife in her hands only because its blade had the same dangerous glint. Even her dress was blue, although now stained with dark spots of water. And yet, he never hand seen something more beautiful. Never mind her angry glare, the threateningly raised weapon or her rather dishevelled and untidy state. Had Alexander been old enough, he would have known that he was about to fall in love.
Sentiment - Wild Rose Studio
“Jump in and catch your baby,” my doula said to Lloyd and without thought he splashed in, not even thinking to check if his iPhone was in his pocket (luckily not). He took up position behind me and bumped my leg, and I warned him off touching the baby. There was a bit of a pause, and then baby turned and I was pushing and out he came.
Also, I don't think I have another teacup with such a highly "footed" saucer. From this angle, you can see the styling a bit better. There are no markings so I have no idea of the age or maker, but for only $6 I knew this hoochie mama of a teacup needed to come home with me!
19 May 12 – West Ham or Cardiff v Birmingham v Blackpool @ Wembley
“Strains on families.
1 gotcha
So the policies that cause the destruction of the family - policies the left adores - lead to what little evidence there is for the income inequality they complain about. I have a better idea: stop trying to destroy the family.
May 2nd is the feast of St. Athanasius (ca. 296-298 – 2 May 373) The 20th bishop of Alexandria, he was at the center of one of the greatest controversies to face the church. He was exiled 5 times by Roman emperors because of his stance for orthodoxy and he is also the first person to list the 27 books which make up the canon of the New Testament.
Tonight’s series opener is at 7:05 at Cheney Stadium, and the weather is supposed to be nice. If you can’t make it to the park, tune in on 850 AM in and around Tacoma, or listen via the online stream. Tacoma starts RHP Jeff Marquez (1-0, 6.00) against Fresno LHP Brian Burres (0-1, 4.76).
Tomato Sauce, 1 tablespoon
I wouldn't want to turn the clock back. I'm grateful that there is legislation that protects people from discrimination and recognises that their personal circumstances should be accommodated, wherever possible. I'm glad that Miss Snellham can now expect compassionate leave if Hiss Havering's mother dies.
The only drawback is that your nails take quite a while to dry, even with the drying drops. This took me a while to get used to, having switched from Seche Vite which dries almost instantaneously. And also, the base coat bonds pretty strongly to your nail, so no picking at your polish! I made that mistake, and ended up with some peeling.
Carrots (chopped)
Obama calls the Iraq war “a botched and ill-advised U.S. military incursion into a Muslim country.” He is also protective of civil rights for Muslims in the U.S.
So, ultimately, my take on content mills is this: if you're going to write for them, do it. Build up an online portfolio, and move on. Use content mills as a stepping stone, and don't get stuck there forever. Like me, you might even want to keep a decent one in your back pocket to fill in the gaps between accounts once you build your business.
Apples are a great slow-digesting carbohydrates source with numerous beneficial antioxidants. This incredible fruit contains a compound that boost muscle strength, fat loss, and endurance, it’s called polyphenols. That is why apples are a great pre-workout food that will help you train longer and harder.
How could Paul expect God to bless this trip and his stay in Rome if he did it in the flesh? It had to be God’s work and it had to be God’s way. Otherwise he could not expect God to provide. Furthermore if the apostle had prayed for the Lord to work it all out and then went about to make his own plans it would grieve the Holy Spirit.
Now, I wish to sit here alone, fill my ears with pleasure, and sip my wine.
I made the tag by using the path feature in SCAL and then printing instead of cutting. I'm trying to teach myself to write on a path using MS Word or some other program but I haven't worked it out. This seems to be doing the job so far.
Next stop is the blacksmith’s. It’s time to sell-off some of these goodies I’ve been collecting. I meet Beirand the blacksmith, and I’m happy to report that he is a much better blacksmith than Rustleif. Of course the only criteria I am judging him by is whether he offers me any fetch quests. He doesn’t. And just like that, I don’t hate him.
If you want to go to Liverpool Beer Festival (16 - 18 February), you need to have your wits about you. There are postal applications with different rules for members of Liverpool Branch, members of other Branches and non-members, and there is the allocation for those who work the festival. Finally, there’s the famous queuing for tickets on a freezing December morning.
Meanwhile, cook the quinoa according to the package directions. Fold in the parsley, 2 teaspoons of the oil, ½ teaspoon salt, and ⅛ teaspoon pepper.
Still, forming a clear-cut opinion isn’t easy. Ratner is building subsidized housing in a city where there’s a cruel 3 percent vacancy rate.
After seeing this puzzling phenomenon, I asked my husband who grew up in the Central Valley, if he had ever seen plastic over the vines. He said no, which didn’t answer my questions. After a series of guesses, we concluded that the green plastic may be like those little green bags we all put our veggies inside to keep them from ripening too soon. Or, maybe, the plastic makes a mini-greenhouse and the grapes will mature faster.
Efforts have been made to place animals in as natural an environment as possible. Ultimately, however, the overriding feeling I have in any zoo is still one of exhibits of animals in confined spaces. Some argue that if conservation is the motive, money would be better spent in open wildlife sanctuaries and contributions made towards the animals' native environments in their home countries.
I stake my life on this claim. Why? Because Jesus staked His life on it! When He
So Day 2 consisted of the length of South Dakota. It's amazing how the scenery just gets so much better once you cross the state line. I adore this state so much!
Repeal these Islamic laws (sharia) and begin prosecuting the Muslims who are murdering Christians to the fullest extent of Western law. That or we should destroy their nuclear facilities and cut all aid (under the next President, because Hussein ain't going to do jack.)
You are Wonderful.
There are two types of Commitment: Commitment that is unconscious and manifested by your actions rather than what you verbally intend, and commitment that is consciously and deliberately planned for and chosen. The unconscious commitment is the one you may not be aware of but everyone else is by your actions around it.
Because this way of life—devouring, degrading, and insane—cannot continue. For “sustainable” to mean anything, we must embrace and then defend the bare truth: the planet is primary. The life–producing work of a million species are literally the earth, air, and water that we depend on. No human activity—not the vacuous, not the sublime—is worth more than that matrix. Neither, in the end, is any human life. If we use the word “sustainable” and don’t mean that, then we are liars of the worst sort: the kind who let atrocities happen while we stand by and do nothing.
Intriguing. Particularly since it’s not obvious to me that the naming convention makes sense. Why would it make less or no sense to name a destroyer after a president and an aircraft carrier after a state?
Rumours have appeared about a console, made by Valve. Nothings clear yet and all is just speculation, but some things are said to be true. For example, the specs of the console have been "revealed", having a Core i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM, and an NVIDIA GPU. This seems to be true, because an employee of Valve posted a tweet on the 2nd November last year, with a picture.
For the country in its turmoil
He went into the tunnel.
Now, twenty-five years later, Amanda and Dawson are summoned back to Oriental for the funeral of Tuck Hostetler, the mentor who once gave shelter to their high school romance. Neither has lived the life they imagined . . . and neither can forget the passionate first love that forever changed their lives. As Amanda and Dawson carry out the instructions Tuck left behind for them, they realize that everything they thought they knew -- about Tuck, about themselves, and about the dreams they held dear -- was not as it seemed. Forced to confront painful memories, the two former lovers will discover undeniable truths about the choices they have made. And in the course of a single, searing weekend, they will ask of the living, and the dead: Can love truly rewrite the past?
and now I'm finding it to be the same with my own children.
2.Deidra B
56. Brown Liquor -- John Anderson
gone into the stones of the building.)
I can't wait to get down and dirty with these babies in my kitchen! Ben has been eyeing them since I opened the package, and I keep expecting to walk into the kitchen and find him guiltily grating and zesting his heart out. I'm so glad I got these, and I know they will be used frequently. They are great quality, so I know they'll be around for a long long time. I would absolutely recommend these to anyone looking for a zester! The shape and size makes these so easy to use, plus it's super fun that some of them have color options for the handles! Who doesn't like to accessorize in their kitchen?! You can find them here at the CSN kitchen store!
Everything came together wonderfully. The cake was moist and full of flavor, very similar to banana bread, and the topping was sweet, crunchy and delicious. It was a bit thicker than the cookbook picture, but I blame myself and my extra liberalness with the nuts and coconut. My only piece of advice: ice cold milk is to this cake as fine wine is to a fancy steak dinner. It's a necessary complement. Or a cup of Joe, of course.
99 11. “American Aid and Greek Tyranny: A Memorandum Upon Being Expelled from Greece as a Foreign Correspondent.” Congressional Record, vol. 116, p. 42624; Daily Record, p. E10520 (December 18, 1970); also, Greek Report, London, England, September-December 1970, p. 8.
To match, a pair of bootees using the Saartje's Bootees pattern, also free on Ravelry and the third time I've made them. The straps seem a little fiddly but are actually quite straightforward to make, and hopefully should be relatively secure. You may note my use of a neutral colour (it's a lovely soft merino wool) with the blue buttons, added when I found out the baby's gender. Clever, huh?
And apparently, most of my posts have a disclaimer of some kind, lol.
Best bloated civil service
What was your inspiration for becoming a teacher?
Next, take steps to help keep honest people honest. Use sign-in/sign-out sheets to track who’s been in the server room. (You do have a server room with a locked door, right? If not, re-read Law #3). Implement a “two person” rule when installing or upgrading software. Diversify management tasks as much as possible, as a way of minimizing how much power any one administrator has. Also, don’t use the Administrator account—instead, give each administrator a separate account with administrative privileges, so you can tell who’s doing what. Finally, consider taking steps to make it more difficult for a rogue administrator to cover his tracks. For instance, store audit data on write-only media, or house System A’s audit data on System B, and make sure that the two systems have different administrators. The more accountable your administrators are, the less likely you are to have problems.
On Bride’s Eve in the Islands young girls made a female figure from a sheaf of corn, kept in reverence from the previous year’s harvest. They decorated it with colored shells and sparkling crystals, together with snowdrops and primroses and other early spring flowers and greenery. An especially bright shell, symbol of emerging life, or a crystal was placed over its heart, and called ‘Bride’s guiding star’. They dressed themselves in their own finery and carried their effigy through the village on Bride’s Feast Day to invoke the light.
This is an odd one. Good appearance and body, but hollow despite the initial jolt from the hops. I think it's mitigated by the adjuncts, and so it makes me think that this is what an overly hopped Budweiser would taste like.
If you want to download it, you can find P*Tag on Amazon for only $2.99 (and no, you don't have to own a Kindle. You can download the software for Kindle Books right on to your computer, free and easy as pie):
12. Fantasy (Christiansen, v. d. Knaap, Buschman) 3:45
Secondly, they don’t know exactly why the methods seem to work. None of the researchers have medical expertise on autism.
2. I’ve been kissed (on the cheek) by Michael Damien.
Mirrors lie to me
3. Lilly Pulitzer “Kelley” Dress Off to the races in seersucker with tiny horse shoe accents. Lilly does it yet again and we love her for it!
Williams explained that by ridding the area of the cats that had been spayed or neutered, new stray or feral cats would move in and inhabit the same area.
“Religion is the root of all the mess in this world and the most racist, sexist , discriminatory vice of the society and the viral root cause of all evil in this world. Society will rot if this doesn’t end. Religion is a refuge ground for all the unscrupulous people, politicians,business men with number do ka paisa, criminals and many such others. I don’t think I need their company. It is a tool for gender inequality mainly oppression of women. I am perplexed at how even eman­ci­pated women pre­fer to stay within their reli­gious faiths and strug­gle against oppres­sion, and not choos­ing to dis­card religion? Glad you discarded it long back. ” He heaved a sigh of relief.
Flashbacks, used too often, give the reader the feel of being trapped with a sixteen-year-old learning to drive a stick-shift. Just get going forward, then the car (story) dies and rolls backward.
I feel a bit like a "debbie downer" with the end of this post, but that's how my May went! I'm making a smallish dent in my list, learning new things about myself, and trying to improve on my faults!
I thought perhaps a piano.
Continuing a theme of my time at home, somewhat, you can wish Sherpa a very Happy 2nd Birthday! She's marginally less silly than when she as a little kitten, and falls off things less, but it would still be a stretch to call her intelligent. She is, however, very active - being athletic and stupid, she doesn't fit in particularly with the family Thomas... but we love her to bits. I can't find her at the mo (she loves hiding) so here's an old picture.
“Plus her voice isn”t weird and scary, and doesn’t remind me of bad dreams about a robot that I had when I was ten, which made me wet the bed for two years.”
After we finish up I gather all the information up and stalk towards to lift. And promotly fall over into it. Jamie immediate dashes in with a concerned "Are you okay Katie?" and helps me up.
Social media case studies are incredibly valuable IF you can learn how and why social media worked in that particular instance, and apply that lesson to your own efforts. Otherwise you'll always be chasing the 'next big thing', and never quite catch it.
Preheat the oven to 400*F. Butter a baking sheet and lay as many slices down as possible without any touching. Place a spring of dill or another herb leaf down per slice, then top with another potato slice and press gently to ensure no air is in the center. Top with parchment paper, a second baking sheet, and a heavy pan. Cook for 20 min until lightly brown and crispy.
What is mysticism? How is it different to spirituality? And why is mysticism important at this moment in time?
Once the cookie cutter was ready (it took him about 5 minutes to make this one!), I made my favorite sugar cookie recipe from "Pretty Party Cakes" and cut out my Superman logo cookies. After the cookies had baked and cooled, I piped the Superman logo detail in black royal icing, and the filled it in with red and yellow royal icing.
Thank you again for all your love and support
aside swiftly
I could easily see this being required reading for a Philosophy 101 course because of the simplistic style of writing and the sheer depth of Vandenburg’s arguments about the mind. This book is meant to stimulate thought and it does, whether you’ve come to his same conclusions already or not.
A sweet piece indeed!
The weather got cool earlier in the week and reminded me that winter was on its way. My one happiness regarding this season is the fact that I can start wearing my hoodies again because they’re my favourite clothes. I am super grateful for the comfort and warmth they provide over the chilly months.
So when this dream hit… I was shocked. Flabbergasted. Honestly!!! My love life has become so bland that I don’t even have fantasy material?!? What about Brad Pitt in Thelma & Louise?
I swirl.
Scratchin’ an’ scrabblin’ wif vishus claws,
Being somewhat more familiar with the treacherous slippery clay I went on ahead, still in silence and firmly grasping my lump of flint. Whilst memories of founding Fathers (and Mothers) had dominated much of the day, on this particular climb it was memories of future torch bearers which stole my attention, those ancestors who are yet to be, who will one day also walk this perilous and crooked path to further Roy’s work and his legacy.
In the 38 degree pouring rain/sleet.
Sombreros and Nacho Libre costumes are optional but highly encouraged…hope to see you all there as we wish Mike a safe journey and a quick return!
The Philippines will become the very first Asian Country to implement Rotavirus Vaccination in the EPI. Some of the countries that have Rotavirus Vaccine in the EPI include Australia, Austria, Brazil, Belgium, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, Germany, Mexico, Peru, South Africa, Bolivia, and Honduras.
By avoiding these common gestures associated with lying, we may learn to effectively lie. Keep in mind that these gestures, in and of themselves, do not indicate a liar. However, imagine a person who is rubbing their hands nervously, sitting back in a chair with locked ankles, maintaining very poor eye contact, and when you ask them a question, they lean further back and cover their mouth with their hand when they reply. This does not communicate an honest person. Sitting upright and slightly leaning forward with open hands resting on the table (fingers pointing out), shows a confident body and hand position. Paired with a good lie, this person becomes an effective liar.
4. Hip-Hop (Unreleased)
A French physicist named Lydéric Bocquet has published a mathematical description of stone-skipping1 (amongst other serious publications, he has also published a paper on cooking potato wedges and soon another one of his papers on ironing and the anatomy of wrinkles will be appearing in Soft Matter—needless to say I like this guy!). He calculates that the lift experienced by the stone is proportional to the square of the stone’s velocity. In other words, the faster the stone travels, the greater the lift. By playing around with maths, he came up with an expression that gave a critical velocity (i.e. a “speed limit”) for the stone. If the stone travelled at a velocity lower than this critical velocity, it would sink. In fact, the physics here is similar to that experienced by a water-skater. If a skater is travelling very slowly, he or she obviously can’t skate on the water and would sink.
When it was private interview time I was feeling some small nerves, sitting in the room with the other ladies and hearing them get called one by one really didn't help calm me either. Since I was from Wilber I was of course picked to go almost last for the private interviews. It's kind of hard to prepare for this one as they usually ask you off the wall questions. I can remember I was asked why I wanted to be the state queen and also what I would like to see started up as a new Czech program that would involve more youth. I think the most nervous part for me was when they asked me about some famous Czech Homolka guy, obviously I had no clue who they were talking about but I smiled and made it up.
“To approach the attainment of this highest level of development, the person should be able to live permanently in the subtlety of the Primordial Consciousness.
Now just because it’s a Prothean and its Day 1 DLC people are yelling and complaining that the game is now ‘no longer complete.’ And that the From Ashes DLC should be included day one on the disk. It appears people feel entitled to this content based on the early game script leaks that – without spoiling to much – included a Prothean character in the story.
It seems like hoards of mini rap supremas were hiding hungrily in Nicki Minaj’s wig closet – just waiting for her to depart to the dreaded abyss of Mainstream. The minute Minaj shook hands with the techno devil (David Guetta) her potential successors sprung out of the woodworks and thus began the battle for the crown of Rap Princess – the prime contenders being the likes of Iggy Azalea, Kreayshawn and Azealia Banks. The objects of my undying affection. Honestly, that wasn’t sarcasm.
What exactly is time? Is it just the ticking of one second into the next combined into groups to make a minute which marches on into hours, days, and weeks? Or is it something more fluid? Is time an investment which gives us moments to make a lasting change which will, in a sense, stop time?
I feel I should warn my more conservative readers (as if we're pretending that I'm not a conservative reader myself) about the F-bombs littered throughout the text and the occasional sex scene. Neither were graphic, however, and neither took away from my enjoyment or concluding opinion that after 11/22/63, you'd be hard pressed to find a person who doesn't like at least one novel by Stephen King.
And to the prestigious Gold Brewgie Nominations;
Pepper Spray Boogie by The Compulsive Gamblers
Hooray for Mr. D for finding the "roundtoit"!
Issued to: Rangers FC
I print the photos on prepared fabric purchased through ebay. I have not found very much difference between manufactures products. I have printed on organza, cotton and silk. The secret to the ink not running is to have a printer that uses ultrabrite inks. I have a Epson workforce 520 all in one. The results are consistent and I have not had any problems. I let my prints sit for 48 hours before removing them from the paper backing and pressing with an iron to set the ink.
Looks like the Soviet Cold War Era all over again, except this time the world isn’t going to allow any colonialism or proxy wars anymore, with Human Rights secure nations immune in any case. The Middle East looks like the last frontier and even then, those regions are increasingly peopled by eduicated people who will not tolerate any foreign incursions anymore. Palestine issue is the worst sideshow of course . . . such a small region of the world will not hold hostage 192 countries.
Hugs, Love and a "Bright"Bus on the Cheek!
So Bastian Schweinsteiger approached the spot. A goal would put Bayern through to the final. He made no mistake and converted the crucial spot-kick. Bayern won the shootout 3-1.
The Columbia River Crossing, as it is known, is outdated and slated to be replaced. Still, it is beautiful. We were fortunate enough to be there for the sirens to sound before the raising of a section of the bridge making way for a ship to pass through.
Next on the Hop is:
This one is my favorite.
I was planning on DIY-ing a headboard, but then I got this guy as a Christmas present!
Poke`mon Adjustment Fair Nintendo DS
I had recently realized I wanted to leave business and management consulting behind, and had begun creative writing again and other creative activities.
Keri: What are you doing here?
2-3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsely
Today, I took another class at Sur La Table. It was an “Italian Bread Workshop.” I LOVED it! I’ve made my own pizza dough, focaccia and other hand shape artisan breads for years. But today, I learned so much and I think and hope it will vastly improve what I was doing.
Napster does off deep discounts if pay by the year, which brings down the monthly cost to $4.17 for computers and $8.00 a month for computers and 1 mobile. I think a fairer pricing would be per login, no matter which device you used. Since I seldom listen on my iPod touch, I’m actually over-paying for Rhapsody, so I’m thinking of stepping down to a $4.99 plan at another service – except that the next consideration is number of songs in the library.
Please feel free to leave any additional good sources in the comments. Meanwhile, I offer my solidarity to the stateless Bidoons of Kuwait, and hope that the government and the Kuwaiti people will see the light before anyone else has to get hurt.
As lawgiver, He is all good.
I had some plain wooden craft blocks left from another project and decided to try something fun. I have been trying to come up with creative ways to teach my son to write. We are having lots of giggles with these.
step 3: sew!
Enlightenment and well-being
or full of argument.
Unaware you’d leave so soon, we should spend the years ahead more wisely.
49. You always tell me that you want to leave roughly 15-20 minutes before you actually want to leave. I don’t know why I still fall for it. Probably because you’re so cute.
After I wrote my first novel back in 2008 I had no idea how to take criticism – constructive or otherwise. I felt the need to constantly defend everything and take “the meanies” on. Not until I realized that people (namely other writers) online don’t know me, which means they’re not criticizing me…they’re criticizing my writing. BIG difference. Once I took my “but my writing is so good” jacket off and slathered up with a thick layer of “I can take this because it’ll make me a better writer” I saw through even the snarkiest comments and got something out of them.
Err, ok…where?…and when?
Judith x
in b’riyah….the world of thought/creation the rabbis ethan and joel coen didn’t just pull “the dude abides” out of thin air, you know. consider Psalm 102:26ff), which describes how the earth and the heavens are G’d's handiwork….”even all this will perish, but you will endure”. haDude abides. meditate on what this means for how you divide your intellectual time….are overinvested in that which will perish?
A Star Trek theme from Goldsmith that’s always in the shadow of his music for Star Trek: The Motion Picture but this is, in some ways, just as good as the title theme for the movie. Grand and epic it soars on the small screen. I’ve always thought though that the edit in the middle of this (original) version could have been done better.
Source: AMNRL
5) Cyclamen Pink
It serves an estimated population of over 639,000, approximately 21% of the total Welsh population?
Though I do not know her exact numbers, I can give a fairly accurate "guesstimate".
In the end, I was smiling, but I also felt bereft. It’s as if I invited Tyler over for a substantive meal, and she just dropped by for tea and sympathy.
I can remember seeing her stand in the kitchen, hands on hips, paused between steps, thinking, as she moved from the stove to the refrigerator and back. Her cooking was instinctive more than trained. But she knew she wasn’t an innovator. She stuck to the meals she knew best – hearty, simple, typically Southern-style dishes that would stick to your ribs and make tasty leftovers. (Fried potato cakes made for breakfast from leftover mashed potatoes were my favorite.)
When I got off the pills-- after a "detox" of about two months where all my hormone systems were scarily out of whack-- it felt like I had woken up. My head felt clearer. My emotional highs and lows were more tolerable. I felt good. A couple of months after that I was pregnant.
Here’s the truth about flouride. When bauxite is turned into aluminum, a highly toxic waste product is formed — flouride. After being fined repeatedly for dumping this waste into lakes and rivers, the aluminum industry publicized several obscure, inconclusive tests showing that flouride is good for the teeth. So now, instead of being fined, the aluminum companies are being paid to dump their waste product into municipal waters. This would be fine except for one minor detail. After the formative years, flouride conferes no benefits. In fact, it is implicated in heart disease and cancer.
I adore this never-ending freakshow of a city. It's a place that taught me to be comfortable and confident with who I am. I love moving between its various scenes, from hipsters to hippies to house kids to old school punk rockers, political activists, futurists, artists, scientists, students, burners, bohemians, surfers, cyclists, and tech-addled transplants who dream of changing the world. (Or at least: making a lot of money.) I love its Victorian charm, the grit of its industrial zones, the beauty of its Bay and ocean. The hills and the way the fog comes tumbling across the sides of Sutro, gliding across the valleys into the heart of the city.
The memory that he chose the life;
The current issue of the British Medical Journal cites five fears that can officially be crossed off the holiday worry list.
Me: What is the weather gonna be like tomorrow?
Reading: But during the night, the angel of the Lord opened the doors of the prison, led them out, and said,“Go and take your place in the temple area, and tell the people everything about this life.” (Acts 5:19-20)
One thing is the reactions against his poem. That is fine and well, I sincerely do believe that his poem and thoughts should be reacted to. Another thing is the demand to censure him or – as is the case now here in Israel, after Eli Yishai’s rather childish reaction – to prohibit him to enter.
That is always
Whenever I'm back home, I borrow tons of books and movies from the library and read them all night, every night - sleeping at dawn and waking past noon. Not the best habit, but I'm pretty comfortable with being somewhat nocturnal. So far, I've finished my little sister's favorite series, the Twilight books (which were surprisingly quite good), some foreign films like Volver and La Vie en Rose (with a brilliant Marion Cotilliard), and am moving onto the classics, including Funny Face (with Audrey Hepburn).
Thursday 29th March will be known as the ''Bradford Spring'' according to George ''the traitor'' Galloway, Galloway won an unprecedented so called victory over the Labour Party who incidentally have controlled this seat in Bradford West for over four decades, his landslide ''victory'' was the culmination of the Muslim vote, a staggering 18,341 votes, that's 56% of the actual turnout. Bradford is now a predominately a Muslim enclave, there is no wonder he got that many votes. George Galloway has in the past been a very colourful figure in British politics, he was booted out of the Labour Party in 2003 for what can only be called as his stance against Tony Blair and his stance on the war in Iraq and Afghanistan, Galloway went to Iraq and had a meeting with the then leader of Iraq Saddam Hussain, he also held rallies for ''free Palestine''. No less than 12 hours after Galloway was declared the winner, a lone Indigenous young man stood his ground and made his point and hurled eggs at Galloway and the office he was residing, whilst he was hurling these eggs, Galloway's supporters (Muslims) surrounded the young man and tried to forcefully move him away.
moment of tenderness
We’ve tried a few methods in our house to wash eggs but the one we like best is as follows:
The taste like sweet summer.
2. Are you still dealing with strong feelings of anger, rage, loss, anxiety, depression etc.?
Like slaves rowing to a distant land
I contacted WP twice, hoping for a speedy recovery. I didn’t want to move my blog or start from scratch; I’ve spent a lot of time developing this one. Fortunately, the powers that be felt my repentance, reviewed my blog, and reactivated it. It was shut down because it was flagged in an anti-spam check. While everything was dealt with promptly, I, and I’m sure all of you, would appreciate it if they reviewed the blogs flagged prior to deactivating them. It may have been routine on their end, but it caused a mini-heart attack on this end.
with the slightest promise of rain
Genre: Poetry
Food and cooking have always interested me, not in just the practical details but the anthropology of the kitchen.Food from all over the world,the sharing of food and the rich traditions connected with it.I was first entranced when I found European Peasant Cookery by Elizabeth Luard and I can thank her for intriguing me She introduced me to the staple food of Europe and many variations on a theme.
So the problem with America my friends, aside from our new impatience with any administration or any policy that takes more than six months to register a measurable improvement is this infantile desire to be lied to in place of an ugly truth, and the willingness to trade our safety and our future for just the right fantasy. Too many of us will buy into any lie, as long as the reality it promises let’s us get away with something. You can’t discuss policy with people who want to be lied to. You can’t have a conversation with someone who is lying about how they really feel, unless your goal is to waste your time. I don’t argue with Tea Baggers.
The administration downplays these findings. But the students who attend D.C. public schools are overwhelmingly black and poor, and the achievement gap has a particularly devastating impact on their communities. High school dropouts are eight times more likely than someone with a diploma to wind up behind bars. Some 60% of black male high school dropouts in their 30s have prison records. And nearly one in four young black male dropouts is in jail or juvenile detention.
For this landscape, for these amazing children that I share living space with, for their friends, for the village and its inhabitants, for the mountains, for the food, for the sunshine, for the warmth, for the life, for the unfolding of the journey.
1. Groovin’
Why worry about this trend? Because, Sandel argues, market values are crowding out civic practices. When public schools are plastered with commercial advertising, they teach students to be consumers rather than citizens. When we outsource war to private military contractors, and when we have separate, shorter lines for airport security for those who can afford them, the result is that the affluent and those of modest means live increasingly separate lives, and the class-mixing institutions and public spaces that forge a sense of common experience and shared citizenship get eroded.
I hope you enjoyed the photos.
Voice Very high-pitched. Call: a soft, sibilant seee, usually buzzier and bending in american wildlife, tseeesee. Flight call: a short, vulnerable tsf; reduced and smoother than golden-crowned kinglet and chickadees. Song: diverse, but involves several paperwork, seee seeedsee sideeu. Eastern audio more complicated, quavering, and usually end on a higher note; american audio more stroking and often end on a low please take be aware.
Favorite Quote: It's so stupid, but you can't buy fireworks in Oregon, or even have them in your possession. At least, nothing that's any good. Nothing that goes more than six feet along the ground or twelve inches into the air. Which pretty much leaves those black tablets that grow into ash snakes after you light them. Oh, and sparklers. Lame-O.
Me: You pulled this cover off and you peed down this hole?
I raced it some, as I kicked it to life.
The yawn-inducing record opens with the closest thing to a real beat you’ll find for the next half-hour on “Alphabet Song”, which will probably have you lulled into a false sense of security, thinking, “Hey, maybe this album won’t be half bad after all.” And for the record, I’ll admit that the first minute and 12 seconds of Nootropics are tolerable. But as soon as Hunter steps onto the scene with that boyish narcotic moan, I sighed inwardly, resigning myself to the fact that in the world of indie rock, there are some bands that just need to stop. Please. Stop making music. I’m begging you here.
Kari: Dude. Does your new novel idea have cameos from this book in it????
But don't you ever bet me
No more, tho. I'm taking time to choose each moment, to either stop what I was doing and be fully present to do the next thing, or to ask for a moment to wrap things up so I can do the next thing. More changes are coming, I know. For today, tho - this moment - it's enough to claim my right to do one thing at a time, to rest once in a while, to have a clean, non-cluttered place in my head and in my soul, and yes in my house -- to just BE.
This took nearly two hours. It was past Xander's bed time.
Genre : Fantasy/Romance
For more information see the National Autistic Society website or ring the helpline on 0808 800 4104.
Writing - It is the air I breathe. I listen to Life (Inhale) and I breathe and write (exhale). Selasie Bulmuo - Social Worker, Writer/ Author, Counsellor/Pastor Selasie heads SJB Resource Ltd, a Social Capital Builder, working with individuals & groups including families, in the area of social work assessments and support services, confidence building, workshops and training, counselling and sign posting to other agencies and services. Selasie runs SJB Resource with a team of volunteers and paid contracted professionals who are experts in the fields of the Arts, Counselling, and Social Work among others. Selasie is a mother of three and believes that she is a VOICE by calling mainly to families. She is a Author and Conference and workshop Resource Person. She enjoys sharing her love of writing with others as a therapeutic and reflective tool for rebuilding one’s life. She also supports her husband in Pastoring a thriving church, Fountain Gate Chapel in Seven Sisters, London. Selasie says:
The song “Friends” from Elton John is the link below:
And for those of you who are thinking, ‘Who is this Sparky she refers to?’. Nicholas Sparks writer of the books that these fantabulous movies were based on…
I used to be the crazy mom…well not crazy like reality TV crazy, but crazy in the sense that I used to call my son’s preschool teacher every day until he was fully transitioned. It’s heartbreaking to leave your kid for the first time, so as a mom there I was delaying my departure and arriving earlier than usual for pickup and calling the teacher everyday just to see how long it was before he stopped crying. Enfadosa, my mom would say.
This is a closer look. You can spot that the wrappers came flour-dusted to preserve the smoothness of the wrappers when the Wantons finally boiled. In addition it also prevented the wrappers sticking to each other in the pack.
"Dirty Angel" - 3:36
See, when Keri tells our son the plan she doesn’t give him all the details in the plan, she simply gives him a general overview of the plan so that he knows just enough to have something to look forward to. She gives him this overview not because she doesn’t know the details, but because it would take a little too much time and energy at the end of the day when her knees are about to buckle. In reality, however, our son doesn’t need to to know the details of the plan, all he needs to know are the characteristics of the one making the plan. He needs to know that his mommy loves him, that she’s trustworthy, and that her plans for him are made for his best. If he knows these things, then he can still sleep soundly at night, even if he doesn’t know everything he wants to know about the plan.
An audience of approximately 750 also heard an opening set by Susanna Wallumrod. She and her two-piece band sounded like Tori Amos on a Terje Rypdal jag. This cover of Thin Lizzy's "Jailbreak" wasn't on the set list, but it captures her sensibility. Wallumrod's music isn't my thing (at all), but I fully embrace the concept of jazz acts being featured on compatible cross-genre double bills.
“Few people would argue against making environmental review processes and regulations more efficient—as long as they’re effective. But changes announced in the recent federal budget don’t do that. Instead, they make it easier for the federal government and industry to push through projects that could harm the environment and the economy, and limit the ability of ordinary Canadian citizens to have a say in matters of national importance. Based on the budget announcement, you’d think delays and duplication in the environmental review process are the biggest issues. They’re not. As the Pembina Institute points out, the equivalent of one major oil sands mine has been approved in each of the past five years, and the pace is increasing. Some people, including former Alberta premier Peter Lougheed, suggest we’d benefit by slowing down—for economic and environmental reasons. When there are setbacks in the review process, they’re often caused by industry’s reluctance to provide timely data or by a lack of capacity within the government itself. The latter is getting worse as funding for basic monitoring and enforcement is subject to further cuts. Eliminating environmental reviews for some projects altogether, shifting responsibility to the provinces, and severely cutting back on staff and agencies that provide management and information are not ways to make processes more efficient; they’re ways to accelerate approval of major projects, making the short-term interests of industry a higher priority than protecting the air, land, and water we all need to stay healthy. …
No shit, today I sprained my left ankle, sprained my right foot, strained my right wrist, hurt my pelvis, and made mincemeat out of both feet and my right hand. And my poor phone.
I must say I was not too happy with the photos I took on her birthday. And, this frustrated me. I have just been really off with photography lately, and I'm not sure why. Maybe my frustrations at not having a working computer to upload photos to, or not being able to go where I want to go with photography. Maybe it's not having the energy to and time to put what I need to into my photography. And the two times I tried to get photos with the pumpkin, she was chasing her cousin around, and I couldn't get her to sit still with me. She had a great birthday though, and I can finally get some sleep now hopefully. Except, I do have to move on to the Nursery now that I am finished with the hubs birthday and her big 2nd Birthday celebration.
We stop at the terminal and I impatiently unclick my seatbelt long before the light goes off. I feel annoyed at the fellow passengers thwarting my desire for a hasty exit to the terminal and my beloved LA beyond. I try to maintain my manners as I make a place for myself in the now-crowded aisle and retrieve my carry-on from the overhead lockers and then stand in the confined space trying not to inhale through my nose the assault of the aroma of too many economy class passengers who have stewed in their own juices for the past 20 hours or so from Sydney. Finally the door is opened and the line of humanity begins to flow out the bottle-neck onto the air bridge. Air bridge. Stairs. More stairs. A passageway. Travelator. Ramp. Passageway. Immigration. I head straight for the bathrooms and relish in the space after the confinement of the ones on the plane that have grown ever grottier on the hours of our journey. The bathrooms here are huge and basic and old. But even here I begin to smile at little things that tell me I'm "home" - starting with paper toilet seat covers which are a rarity in Australia. Damn, I love those things! I wash my hands for a long time and behold my economy-class ravaged face and hair. I try to freshen up, brush my teeth, drag a brush through hair traumatised by pressurisation and condensed human breath. I smile at myself and try not to giggle or cry. I'm home!
Her great talent gives me hope because I too was born without fingers on my right hand. I had grown up assuming most two handed instruments were off limits because of my ‘disability.’ I played the trumpet for a short while in elementary, less than enjoying being the only girl in a group of boys who mostly liked to blow spit from their instruments. Soon after, I quit it so I could have more time playing on the various sport teams. Basketball, softball, volleyball, they never proved an issue for this one handed wonder. I excelled in each all through grade school by the grace of God and my father’s athletic genes. But music? Music would be the unattainable world that I longed from a distance to explore. I can chuckle at the thought, but it has honestly taken almost all my 26 years to grasp the hope this one video has given me.
paint den
This is my second week of living out of a hotel while doing a training course. Business class transience, all expenses paid. I'm not complaining, though I'm looking forward to reconnecting with my usual surroundings. Am I simply starting to feel rootless? That's plausible, given that hotels -- especially corporate name brand hotels -- are a paradoxical monoculture unto themselves: they are everywhere and nowhere at the same time. When I look out the window, am I seeing the 401 in sort-of-Toronto, or Interstate 15 in Idaho Falls? The landscape offers no clues (dead grass, parking lots, the usual big box stores, a few ribbons of highway), and neither does the room itself.
Get ready to fall in love with vegetables.
so this year I made a handful of Christmas cards and while I didn't send out as many as I'd hoped - It's at least at start. Don't take offense if you didn't get one from me - another part of my resolution is to start collecting people's addresses - so if you'd like a card from me - just email me your address.
Pour batter into the prepared pan and bake for 30-40 mins (mini loaf pans), 45-50 minutes 8 inch round cake or until a toothpick, inserted in the center, comes out clean.
March Play Group classes are just around the corner. I'd LOVE to have you come to one of them, host one in your home with your friends, or even participate long distance. I'm confident you would enjoy what we do and be happy with the projects you make! Keep reading...
- Toshinari K.
A very memorable experience indeed.
finish the dance
5. Chained (Ballard) 5:18
I love anything stuffed inside a carbohydrate shell. It may not be good for me, but it certainly is delicious. My husband taught me how to make awesome cabbage burgers. I always loved growing up in Cleveland surrounded delicious Polish food like pierogies. I am always surprised how few people know what these delectable pockets of goodness entail! Last year, Sam and I even used our homemade pasta maker to make our very own pierogies...delicoius! However, all of these tasty treats will have to wait until a later post. Today I will focus on a new-found love- kolaches!
She had another one Sunday night,
AMuse No heatsetting, dries quickly, nice rich black
Today it doesn't matter that my hair is getting frizzier and frizzier (and bigger and bigger) the further north we go. I can gel it all back in a big boofy bun and stick a flower in it to truly get into a resort frame of mind.
Yesterday, I went to Land’s End. With the weather the way it was, it was a bit like Scott’s last expedition to Antarctica. In the inevitable souvenir shop, they were selling Cornish flags and beer mats which were half Union flag and half Cornish flag (it is like the St George’s flag of England, but a white cross on a black background and has a piratical feel).
Bookstores are feeling the effects of iPads, Nooks and Kindles. And so are writers.
1. Fewer calories – but adjusting for more when I work out
¼ cup diced scallions
Really, that’s the bottom line: Who does this? Who chooses this level of scrutiny, trusts ratings-obsessed-producers to weave an accurate yarn, assumes that a relationship forged through competition can end up translating to happily ever after? Not me. I’ve had enough crazy in my life, thank you very much.
The diverse yet precise arrangements on the record certainly wet the mouths of industry professionals and common music fans alike; and his talent most certainly does not go unappreciated in his beautiful homeland, as he closed the Arts Festival of Reykjavik that occurred in June, with the help of the Icelandic symphony orchestra and singer Keren Ann. His new album hit the French Itunes top 10 upon release.
Every once in awhile you just have to take a break from the mundane and boring…ie:unpacking. All of the kids have been such a big help in the whole unpacking and organizing process. Probably because they know if they didn’t chip in they knew I would just start chucking their stuff as well as my own.
And of course Edward. A Quasimodo who is shown the beauty and power of love who is able to dedicate his whole life to giving the woman he loves something she enjoyed.
ID
They are certainly that, and I love it!
you twist me around
Since my last blog post, mobile apps have taken center stage in the world of interactivity. But I'll spare you a post about apps to focus on a campaign I came across this morning on YouTube: "My Movie Pitch" sponsored by American Express & Tribeca Film.
Step 6: Pin both sections in place. Use hairspray when needed.
They have also been denied any meaningful review of the reasons for their isolation.
SURPRISE
I would really like to touch base with a manager on this policy. It seems completely contrary to the Trump reputation and everything it stands for. However, I was unable to find Manager information (in addition to the "Gathering Policy") published on your website.
"It is with Origen that devotion to the letter of Scripture and concern to refer to the original text come to take on a new importance. Science will gain from this. But the living relationship between Scripture and tradition is on the way to being compromised." (Danielou, Couratin and Kent, 54)
As a matter of fact, I have I found that I can’t generally win any argument with my children. I was under the impression that, as the parent, I was meant to be the bigger, stronger, smarter, wittier person, but my children tell me otherwise.
Tabata Row
Preheat oven to 300 F.
The intra-Western, Atlantic ties between Europe and North America will still be the most important and defining global axis. Although not impossible, this is probably not the most likely alternative at this point, given the economic and cultural weakness of Europe in particular.
Frank is a young guy, maybe thirty, tall and thin, vaguely Russian, but not the pale Caucasian Russian; something darker and hardier. He’s expanded the place, put in nice wood flooring, a glass-fronted case with plants in pots on top and containing some random Salon supplies that no one ever looks at, a rack of old magazines, a refurbished Ms. Pac-Man game, and some extra chairs.
3/4 cup heath bar toffee bits
A romantic sci-fi thriller about love and second chances. Camden Pike has been grief-stricken since his girlfriend, Viv, died. Viv was the last good thing in his life: helping him rebuild his identity after a career-ending football injury, picking up the pieces when his home life shattered, and healing his pain long after the meds wore off. And now, he’d give anything for one more glimpse of her. But when Cam makes a visit to the site of Viv’s deadly car accident, he sees some kind of apparition. And it isn’t Viv. The apparition’s name is Nina, and she’s not a ghost. She’s a girl from a parallel world, and in this world, Viv is still alive. Cam can’t believe his wildest dreams have come true. All he can focus on is getting his girlfriend back, no matter the cost. But things are different in this other world: Viv and Cam have both made very different choices, things between them have changed in unexpected ways, and Viv isn’t the same girl he remembers. Nina is keeping some dangerous secrets, too, and the window between the worlds is shrinking every day. As Cam comes to terms with who this Viv has become and the part Nina played in his parallel story, he’s forced to choose—stay with Viv or let her go—before the window closes between them once and for all.
They were served with a dipping sauce that was a mix of "Just Like Honey" and yellow mustard.
Quests are completed simply by having the appropriate combination of resources on hand, at which point the player flips over the completed quest card and takes any rewards printed on it. Quests are divided into several different categories, and at the start of the game each player receives a secret card telling them which categories of completed quests will score them bonus points at the end of the game.
The idiot let loose with a rapid fury of strikes and blows from the photograph, pulverizing the sheets near the foot of the bed.
Before we move on lets look at a complete input tag, checkbox type:
Moab.
First course commenced
I mean, even the blueish hue to the scenes is blatantly lifted from Mann's movie. Except that in Heat, it fit the minimalist, loner characterization of De Niro's role and the bleak portrayal of a decadent Los Angeles, while the guys in Takers hit up a nightclub after their heist and hook up with chicks, smoke cigars and sip scotch like a scene out of Jersey Shore. The only thing missing was for DJ Pauly D to make a cameo appearance and start bumping some beats. All flash and absolutely no dash.
YOU mean you leave them out in the sun, and they get all brown and sprout little white hairs?...nope…
Fucker, and D.O.C. are all good newish DC hardcore bands. There was a
I screamed.
So my hair is now manageable again and with a sprinkling of silver. It was getting a bit wayward as it had not been cut since mid-November last year. I feel so much better, a little glamorous, just need a bit of ‘slap’, to complete the picture.
it is so hard
Rev. James Moody, President, Manna House Ministries, Jamestown, Tennessee
Darwin and Wedgwood (as well as their family and friends) left so much written documentation behind (books, journals, letters, notes) that Heiligman never guesses to thought process or motivation, footnoting the source for each he/she said/thought.
…to love all of you bunches!! Xoxo!
Chomp and Shop
Happy Wednesday!
12And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared.
Though lads are lads within womb’s earliest,
6. I want a little piggy more than anything. They are some of the smartest creatures alive, ranking just below primates and whales and such, they are incredibly clean and hypoallergenic, and can be taught to use a litter box. The ones that are bred to be pets are so soft, and social and cute. The only thing I don’t love about these little guys is their price…I can’t help but think of all the wonderful things I could buy for $1,000. Including my rent.
I don’t know if it’s my low expectations or the fact that I was craving a romantic story I knew wouldn’t come crashing down when the writers stopped taking their pills (GG, I’m looking at you). Or is it because it has some elements of Coming To America (which I love) and Kate & Leopold (which is cute)? Or that there are enough hot guys in it that every woman can at least find one to drool over (after they take those wigs off)? Or is the drama good on its own merits because I really enjoyed it! Now I’m quite pumped about watching the rest of the series even if it’s 20 episodes long.
One teaspoon minced ginger
That's really something.
A very assured and elegant Syrah – 90 points.
You'll see:)
Grapefruit – 4.5 inches
I didn't see much of my dad when I was growing up. He was a successful pianist, band leader and musical arranger and, although he always picked me up from school and that was our special time together, he kept a musician's hours - getting up about 11am and going out to work at about 7pm.
Back in June, I entered the pitch for my book in a contest and won. I was shocked and elated!
when my wife is at mass and his in bed,
In that world every stranger was immediately noticeable as “out of place”.
Scirus' users can search for patents with the same fielded search capabilities. This includes the ability to search the index by title, abstract, author, date and affiliation. Users who require more in-depth patent searches are directed to specialized patent search tools offered through LexisNexis.
Necomimi means Cat ears and Neurowear is a gadget that uses your very own brainwaves to express emotions, so if you have always wanted to be like an anime cat girl it just became a little more possible!
You know how when you have something tough coming up that you have to deal with? You think about it all week, you just want the day to be over with? The day that holds the bad event. And then the day comes, goes and you live through it and go on with your life. That is my day every day. That day will finally be done with when Bear is 18. Till then I just constantly have this twisting feeling in my gut.
Also this sort of discrimination towards sex work and sex workers is very distressing. There ARE consensual sex workers and adult services patrons not allowed to work in peace, who do need the legislature to ensure their adult human rights to a legal and recognized adult services industry or adult services district (red light district). The above insular ‘statement maker’ is talking without doing any research and without any empathy or understanding of other social groups not of their own. Insular and inward thinking, then authoritarian and fundamentalist to boot. Imposing on sex workers and sex industry patrons is disrespectful and deserves condemnation and re-education, is in fact a sign religion or ’3rd world minded society’ induced mental illness, if not mental illness (hate speech crime?) per se. Will the UN and first world, please arbitate and qualify, correct these pharisees.
Omigbodun continues exemplifying the problems that lie underneath and that makes it difficult for us to move forward as a nation. Another example is that of “Seun and his wife” whose major focus is to go abroad since the country is no more pleasant and enjoyable to stay again. One can however agree to stay if he/she wants to remain “dormant: without progressing in life. The picture of how government workers work with their unfriendly voices that echo out in their throats as they attend to visitors. One can see this in the character of Teacher who goes to the Foster Home to see the “vagrants/motherless children”. However, the voice of Mr. Adefola chases her back as he asks what she wants. In the first place, he is not around but later appeared but with an unfriendly voice. Mr Adefola is more or less like a government worker whose behavior serves as threat to anybody who consults him/trying to offer down something- that of the homeless children, an irresponsible fellow.
On my part
That’s a leader.
Yikes, now I know why I procrastinate listing my dolls on Etsy...what a chore!!! I've finally listed everything I have on board, so take a look over at my Etsy shop and buy something!! LOL I haven't set up a PayPal account yet and I know that's important since everyone seems to demand instant gratification, present company included, but again, I'm procrastinating....maybe later on this week. So here's the link or just go to the banner on the right side of my blog. http://www.etsy.com/people/barrobabe?ref=si_pr
i am thankful for:
Olivier, who was in the police van, said, “About 200 m from the police station I noticed the car pulling off the road, but I thought nothing of it. It’s the police after all.”
The threat implied in this outrageous letter was that they were going to publish the replies they got and send all the details to the local and national media. What an outrageous thing – to ask a candidate to sign up to what in effect is a contract to promote multiculturalism if elected.
Unknown (2 salt, 1856)
-Thank you for reading my interview with Northern Iowa LB LJ Fort, I hope you enjoyed it!-
Have fun and linky up!! YAY =D
A love that intertwines with the very air I breathe
Stella Chavez is your classic good girl: straight As, clean-cut boyfriends, and soccer trophies . You’d never guess that Stella’s dad was a drug addict who walked out when she was a kid. Or that inside, Stella wishes for something more.
We stopped a couple of times on the way to take pictures around a place called Rotsund, which seems like a fishing village. I was using a broken camera and could barely get it to work. In the end it didn't matter so much that I hardly had the chance to take any pictures, because it's difficult to make an ugly photograph there.
Cleaning Management
“I am the adopted daughter of Council member Lucian Graymark,” said Clary. “I am close with the Lightwoods of the Insititute. Is it worth earning their wrath and ire just to revenge yourself upon me for tricking you? Besides — I’ve always heard that faeries appreciated cleverness. You wouldn’t want it said that you can’t appreciate a good trick, even at your own expense, would you?”
Read as much as you possibly can.
ever been able to accomplish.
This of course would leave me a little vunerable for a move, having expended move 3's ammo, but I considered that Gerrards too far away to do any real harm at present. however in Stef's turn he did rather well, shooting off several musketeers. On the other flank I fired my advancing firelock armed Dragoons, and fired the muskets of Col Green's Regiment, to the cost of a couple of Lifeguards.
We made the rounds once again of letting everyone I'm not having a baby. That was a joy.
Good acidity and freshness balancing the richness leaving long flavours of pear, peach and toasty spice – 92/100 points.
I have some leftover bits from my Kona challenge classic charm pack--I have a stack of 2 1/2-inch squares that I don't have plans for, so: For this prize, I will baste those squares into 1-inch hexagons before I send them along, and you'll get a rainbow stack of hexagons ready for a project! Just like this one:
Do you even know where you are going?
This brightly colored, soft-set jam is sweet and tart and perfect for spooning over cake, toast or a scone. It fills about 7 half-pint jars, with a bit left over. Just place any extras in a sterilized jar in the fridge and consume it within 3 weeks.
If your rule IS part of your company culture / guiding principles / overal vision… make sure you take some time this week to explain the PURPOSE of it to your team.
Jack developed his morning song
But our car is getting so old and outdated.
�Certainly I can say in my own case it did make a difference.�
So, if fear’s glued you in place on what seems like it should be a little step on the path to one of your goals, don’t worry. You’re normal. Different people get scared by different things. Someone who can bungee jump, might be terrified of the germs they’ll find cleaning the bathroom.
FIONA MAAZEL is the author of the novel Last Last Chance. She is the winner of the Bard Prize for 2009 and a National Book Foundation "5 Under 35" honoree for 2008. Her work has appeared in Review, The New York Times Book Review, Tin House, Salon, n+1, and The Yale Review. She lives in Brooklyn, and her second novel, Woke Up Lonely, will be published by Graywolf Press in the spring of 2013.
On top of all that, I received the Entire Flourishes February Release sets that I won a couple of weeks ago, in the mailbox. I have been anxiously waiting for those sets like crazy! So after I received them, I wondered how many Flourishes stamps I own. So I counted them out and I have: 56!!! I love them all, and I have a hard time choosing which stamps to use every time I go to stamp something out :)
He said that to be hired by the airport, one needed to have passed matric, to have a code eight driver's licence and to have completed an internal three-week basic firefighting course.
I would like to tell them to relax and remember that dogs don’t need to do homework, they don’t need to compete in exams and best of all, they don’t need tuitions or school fees … I want them to understand that dogs are wonderful. (And that I have changed).
What if turns out to be a poor fit?
That’s right, “Up” (no, not the 1976 Russ Meyer film). Maybe it comes as a bit of a surprise, but it surprised me too. I wanted to include at least one Pixar film and “Up” soars above the rest as far as being a fantasy adventure flick. “Up” does so much and recaptured so much of the magic of classic adventure. Carl Fredrickson (Ed Asner) is an elderly widower who never went on the adventures he and his wife had always dreamed of. At the threat of being taken to a nursing home, Mr. Fredrickson ties thousands of balloons to his house (reminiscent of the seagulls fastened to James’ giant peach) and is whisked up, up, and away for the adventure of a lifetime. A young wilderness scout named Russell accidentally tags along and after they brave a treacherous thunderstorm and land in the South American jungle plateau called Paradise Falls the fun really takes off. An army of talking dogs led by Carl’s old hero, the rogue explorer (whom everyone thought a fraud and that he disappeared), Charles Muntz (Christopher Plummer), pursues them. Muntz turns out to be a little different than how Carl had imagined him and is after them for obstructing the capture of the rare giant bird that Russell names Kevin. Carl, disillusioned by how obsessed and unfeeling his old hero has turned out to be, will have to make many sacrifices to save Russell, Kevin, and Dug the dog, and save the day. Biplanes, zeppelins, skeletons of extinct beasts, jungles, balloons, wild animals, and several great chases combine to give this touching and heartfelt film a vigorous pulse. It’s got a great vintage feel, pleasing humor, and a sweet story that is sure to win over the whole family.
My beloved cousin Kerri was the maid of honor in her friend's wedding, and asked me if I would stitch something for her to give as a gift. After a few emails back and forth about what her friend might like, I sent her a few suggestions and this was the one she picked. She liked how it tied into the wedding colors of pink and green and thought it would look beautiful in her friend's house.
I kicked off proceedings with sardines marinées - which were delicious. The Missus opted for ricotta de grand-mere avec tomates confites, which was presented in a glass pot that could have been style-over-substance were it not for the fact the ricotta was creamy and the tomatoes were plump and juicy. Un demi canard avec sauce champignons was next on my eating agenda, and what a delight it was. After ten years in Paris, I've eaten my fair share of canard, but this dish was prepared and presented in an inventive, attractive way. The Missus went with the lamb, which was okay, without being remarkable. For dessert, I couldn't go past the millefeuille aux framboises, a tasty confection of pastry, raspberries and fresh creme anglaise. Mmmmmmm. The Missus allowed herself to be tempted by the pain perdu - which while tasty, was perhaps a little heavy going for an end of meal option.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTALLING A HOME SECURITY SYSTEM
Congrats on one year blog anniversary! I so enjoy following your blog and seeing your wonderful creations! My new favorite color is island indigo. I love any color blue and this color reminds me of being on a tropical island! Thanks so much for the chance to win blog candy! Take care!:-))
"i started running..."
I have rewritten and reread this post many times and I still can’t stop it from sounding a bit gay. But you know what; I’m actually okay with that. In fact, I’m going to test the gayness of this post by adding pink points to the gayest parts (represented by this symbol ) followed up by a rating on my gayometer.
Thank you for stopping by and if you would like to comment that would be great. I hope that you can find the time to pay a visit to my fellow team members, you are bound to find lots of brilliant inspiration.
Week 3/19 - 3/23
I have been blessed by a half brother. He talks to me regularly and supports me with undying love.
I hope you like my photos. Each day has a different theme so I will list those under each shot.
With what sort of a feeling you hope the public leaves after attending a Sigur Rós concert?
“This will be a valuable information tool for parents, staff, students and our communities,” says David Euale, Director of Education for the Halton District School Board. “By adding Twitter to the Halton District School Board’s communications tools, we will be able to communicate in a concise and timely way about issues that are current or evolving.”
I don’t really drink much wheat beer these days; that’s the thing with a gateway, you tend to move on into the house. When I do though, it’s more often than not with food. Wheat beers work really well with desserts I think and one of my favourite combinations is a banana-forward wheat beer with banana pancakes, delicious.
My curiosity took over (YES I KNOW I AM oversocial)
As I received emails not only this week but also during the passed years asking me to tell some more about the painting, I decided to write a post about the artist of these amusing dog portraits.
Toast bread slices. (If making flavored goat cheese, mix it with lemon juice/zest and garlic powder in the meantime.) Spread goat cheese on the toast, and top with bacon, granny smith apple slices, lettuce, and another slice of toast. Enjoy the fiesta on your taste buds!
APRON STRINGS DESIGNS
The Section continues, stating that “disposition under the law of war” is to be interpreted as referring to “detention under the law of war without trial until the end of the hostilities…” This effectively nullifies the Writ of Habeas Corpus, which is applied to all citizens in the Constitution of the United States, and guarantees them a fair and free trial in civilian court. And, of course, the “end of hostilities” is open to debate as well. The “war on terror” is a war declared on an abstract concept, not a nation state or even a particular organization of people, so how and when can it possibly end?
Away to the window I flew like a flash,
I tried to do all of those things and say all of the stuff you're supposed to say when your child is discouraged. She seemed helped by my seemingly wise counsel, and we went about our night.
I’m going to tackle this topic in a fun and unique perspective. Have you ever felt that ecstatic feeling overcome you to let go and dance? Who says we need to hold back in life? Who says we need to be running on “unleaded” when we should have “rocket fuel” running through our veins? Life is too short to sit by not to live an exciting life.
“Loool so she didn’t tell you?” Brandon replied. “Where did you think she was half of Kaye’s rave, feeding the fucking ducks?”
Well I did promise to update you today but I got into the craft room and everything just seemed to work out so it was hard to drag myself away. I will upload some photos tomorrow. Meanwhile this was one of the cards we made in class this week.
legitimate election in 2007, in Kenya. It is the first widespread violence
The consensus in the village is that there is a perfectly innocent reason for the name “Crapstone,” though it is unclear what that is. Theories put forth by various residents the other day included “place of the rocks,” “a kind of twisting of the original word,” “something to do with the soil” and “something to do with Sir Francis Drake,” who lived nearby.
i am learning to live in the struggle. i think that is what stretches and grows us most of the time.
My kids started to do the same and we now enjoy twice daily bike rides.
On the Kuretake blog we're hosting another challenge and this time we've got doodle mania. We're showing doodling techniques using different types of pens by Kuretake and this one below is mine:
And adhered the scalloped cut frame from the card topper, with the help of pop dots from ITSY BITSY, to give the card front & the frame a dimension.....
I understand not wanting to repeat the Palin debacle, and wanting to avoid the appearance of flailing in response to economic headlines. But "building up Romney as a safe and competent alternative to President Barack Obama"? That sounds like the strategy of a dull suitor trying to woo a woman who's involved with a hot, charismatic guy -- "Well, I'll just seem trustworthy and stable, and surely she'll see what a mistake she's made." Does that ever work, outside of movies? Does it ever work in presidential politics? (Can we get Mr. Dukakis on the line?)
I thought carefully what to say.
Jackson, who can be the most compassionate, awesome, caring, funny, wonderful kid, can also be just plain horrible. And, unfortunately, his behavior has gotten worse over the past several weeks. I don't know if it's the meds he's on or what exactly is going on with him right now, but he got so mad at Clayton on Saturday because Clay didn't want to play a game with him, that Jackson ended up trying to beat the snot out of Clay. Thank God I was right there to intervene and I took all the punches and kicks. Sunday, Jackson destroyed the boys' bunkbeds (My friend, Eric, is on bunkbed rebuilding duty), took a knife and cut up his mattress and decapitated some stuffed animals. This morning, again, Jackson got bent out of shape over nothing and tried to strangle Clay, lifting him off the floor with his hands around his throat. Jackson's back in the hospital inpatient again. This is his third admission in a month.
My first objective was the church of St Olave, Hart St. My reason for visiting it was that the sister of one of my husband's ancestors was baptized here in 1794. Once inside I discovered that it had much more important connections than 4xGt Aunt Matilda!
Hmmm, not a true movie buff – I usually can’t even remember the titles, very bad with titles. Beaches with Bette Midler really got a response out of me; I have seen it more than once and cried rivers of tears each time.
There has got to come a point with these restrictor plate tracks where NASCAR takes into consideration what the driver’s feel are the best solutions to provide good racing. But, the NASCAR juggernaut is all about bringing in the $$$ and if Daytona and Talladega don’t provide wreck-for-alls, more seats will become empty and NASCAR won’t be able to fill it’s green belly.
As of the date of implementation of the proposed regulations, applicants for Medicaid coverage of long term care (skilled nursing, supportive living, and the community care and in-home services programs) will be required to account for and document all financial transactions occurring during the five years prior to the date of application, or February 6, 2006, whichever is later.
I've been a good girl too!
What if there were no term limits and Howard Golden remained Borough President? What if Marty Markowitz weren’t so nostalgic for the Dodgers?
The exposure bracketing is often used because is the base to realize HDR (High Dynamic Range) photographs... READ MORE
Have they all gone barking mad?
Is this the song he did the other week? Or is it another one?
The right lesson to take from Apple might be that an economic agenda whose “blueprint begins with American manufacturing” is misguided. South Korea, Taiwan, and China all have us beat as builders of electronics. But the world’s leading mobile electronics maker is headquartered in the United States of America and it’s insanely popular. That’s because the greatest value in the electronics business is in the industrial design, the software engineering, the marketing, and the combination of research and intuition that help you figure out what products people will want. Manufacturing, as a statistical category, is more arbitrary than people realize. There’s no inherently greater virtue in putting tuna into a can . . . than in preparing a seared tuna appetizer . . . . If people aspire to remodel kitchens or teach yoga or treat illness or be hair stylists or be chefs or, God forbid, Internet columnists . . . there’s nothing wrong with that.
The voice of reason gets drowned in the din and bustle of electioneering. Thanks are, however, due to the big shots of Election Commission for enforcing a regimen which cuts out all the crap and gives the voter a fair chance to think himself/herself. For, I consider the wild distractions caused by loud and lurid campaigning an impediment to clear and cogent thinking about the competing ideas and ideologies, policies and programmes.
Looks like we now have a study stating that there is a distinct possibility that retroviruses could have been transmitted via the use of attenuated vaccines.
We humans tend to gravitate to “our people” – either family members or people who align with our views of the world. That is normal and comfortable. But our growth comes from either the stretching that life asks of us or our willingness to choose to go beyond the comfortable. I believe that by making the effort to connect deeply with people who we consider to be “other”, we become more of ourselves and we help to create peace in this world for our children and their children.
Hello! My name is Lula and I would like to welcome you to my blog! This is actually my third blog that I’ve written. I began my first blog livinglula last July as I was preparing myself to turn 40. Soon after my birthday I began to receive scriptures every evening that would just come to my heart. I began to explore them in my second blog Recovered Heart. My second blog was a devotional that I wrote almost every day as a way to communicate with Jesus. I wasn’t really sure how to pray but I found I could express myself freely to Jesus through writing.
“The Fest begins at nine. I hate to call it a workshop. Takes all the romance out of it.” He winked.
Jesus and Lafayette fear for their lives
One word that describes you? Focused
Level 27: MP Cost: 60, Duration: 810 seconds, All Stats: +14%.
Cody wins the match with a Crossroads from Cody. Mark Henry continued to get closer to ringside to distract Orton, and after the match, Mark laid out Randy and grabbed the World Title, saying this is what it’s about.
Excuse me for being a bit remiss on my blogging as of late - between work, prepping for the holidays, a quick getaway to California, and an untimely head cold which became a bronchitis, I've not had much time for anything! I'm actually sitting in the Atlanta airport right now as we speak.... finally, a moment to sit down!
This makes draws very unattractive, but in doing so penalises those that were due to a hard-fought game timing out. Those innocent of cautious or slow play are punished along with the guilty.
The United States are a country constantly searching for history. One needs watch only a couple of the newer Scorsese films like "Gangs of New York" or "The Aviator" to see the great pains their psyche goes through to evangelize and invent upon some would say paltry two hundred years of recent activity. A country of immigrants trying to do the world one better: let's invent the perfect nation.
We did the Faces of Easter 1and 2 this morning. This was my first time using this material and I was extremely impressed with the wondering time which allows the children to help tell the story with items they see in the classroom.
Although the independence anniversary has come and gone, the penchant for urban renewal remains strong. In February, Dushanbe authorities published a list of several dozen buildings located along the so-called “protocol highway” – on which President Imomali Rahmon and other senior officials drive to work – that have been designated for demolition. Many of these buildings are solid apartment blocks that are home to several thousand people. Officials are mum on kind of compensation owners can anticipate, and residents expect to be moved to the distant suburbs: they’ve seen the relentless development approaching for years, including high-rise, “elite” apartments in their neighborhood.
Display my button on your sidebar if you don't already (thanks to everyone that has it, it gives me such a warm gooey feeling to see it!)
Neither team played its strongest soccer of the season, in what amounted to sloppy game. Scoring opportunities were rare, and, more often than not, went to waste.
The chill of the night made my body stiff like a log. I did not feel parched or hungry even after twenty hours of starvation. In fact I did not feel anything.
1. Successfully complete the BluePrint Cleanse. This will start Monday April 2nd and end Tuesday April 10th. A+: This went very very well and I want to do it again. You can check out the recap here for more information. I honestly felt wonderful and I wish I could do if for life because I had almost no knee pain! I also managed to keep a total of 5lbs off this month which if you have been following is a huge success for me!
In his acceptance speech during the Golden Globe Awards ceremony, Farhadi said Iranians are “truly a peace-loving people.”
Music has always been one thing that I've enjoyed most. Never played anything, but just listening soothes my soul. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Tupac. When people have asked me in the past "Why do u like him?" I didn't really know why? Why do you like the music you like?? You just do, right? Well I've been thinking a lot about music as it's (at times) becoming a little difficult to listen sometimes. I've noticed that I get emotional more easily since we lost G, and if a song touches me, even a little, I WILL CRY. LOL. But I have been thinking the most about why I do like the music I do.
Due to it’s size it would not fit in my suitcase so they greatfully shipped it and it arrived recently!
dragged into a sugarcane field by a 15-year-old fellow schoolboy who
But when lots of people are already now talking about a bubble, what will they do in two or three years from now?
A quick note that things with my novel have been going great, and so far some 14,000 people have downloaded the Kindle edition. If you enjoy my reviews and articles, then you may want to check out the book – it’s been getting a lot of really good discussion and reviews.
I was walking home last night and I tried to picture it in my mind: if all the electricity shut down, right there at 26th and 3rd, while I was going home. 7PM. New York City. Not just the traffic lights and the stores and the restaurants. All the cars would coast and crash to a stop (because spark plugs stop working). What the people of New York would notice most though would be their phones and blackberries and iPads would go black all at once.
It has been pouring non-stop since last night and it has created the perfect Sunday ambiance. I left the window open all night and am still lounging in bed listening to the birds and the gentle fall of the rain. Today I hope to do a little more unpacking and settling in, to write a bit, to bake something, to stock up for the week at the store, and to generally relax and organize for a successful week ahead.
Better, I think, to be a little loosey-goosey with this stuff. If you be yourself, a little quirky, a little original, yes, you might turn somebody off. But you have a far better chance of attracting a kindred agent spirit I think, the one that loves your letter and then loves your work. Again, please don't take this as carte blanche to ignore all the advice you've ever heard when it comes to query letters. But do take it as permission to relax a little, have some fun, and yes, let your query freak flag fly.
But what shall we do with this premise, in the end? Is slavery immoral? It must first be said that there are different kinds of slavery, as I already alluded to. In different times and places, slavery has taken on different forms. The type of slavery we most often think of and most readily condemn is called chattel slavery. This is the kind of slavery through which blacks were taken from Africa, packed into ships, and forced to work on plantations in the New World. A fair number of white Europeans, Asians, and indigenous peoples were also slaves or at least indentured servants. Black slaves were the worst off because of the spread of racist ideology.
Look for groups in your community that focus on helping or educating women about finances or retirement planning. Go to the library and research financial/retirement planning. You have to start somewhere and education is the best first step.
For those of you who are interested in learning how to make your own little tote check back tomorrow when I'll post the instructions.
We do not procrastinate. We must be exact. We want to tell the simple truth, cut and dried, as quickly as possible.
On Sunday 04 March of this year 2012, I went to my good old Local Card Shop (LCS) "House of Cards" in Downtown Silver Spring, MD. I don't get there as often as I should. I won't mention the Non-Curly W stuff I got, but the "Piece de Resistance" was a Washington Senators Scorecard Program from 1965 for $15.00 in fantastic condition for a 47 year old program. The white paper is only slightly yellowed (shows mostly on the back along the middle edge, good old 1960s glossy magazine pages..
don't talk yourself out of wearing one because it looks hard to knot. Ironically, you have been knotting bow ties all your life. Just take a quick glance at your leather oxfords. Exactly. The manner in which you lace your dress shoes is the same way you knot a bow tie. So instead of knotting a bow in your shoes laces, you are simply knotting a bow with a piece of silk. If the task still seems daunting, choose a portion of your leg that closely mimics the circumference of your neck. Now pretend that you are lacing your shoe. When you have overcome the mental block that it is a bow tie, you can steadily move on to your neck. See...knotting made simple.
The hostel we had booked was a lovely little place – Terrazas Estoril, that we had chosen on the net and also contrare to recommendations. We’d figured that with a total of five nights in Buenos Aires and so much to see that we would try and stay out of harms way and have a few quiet nights to begin with. The Staff at Terrazas Estoril were awesome and only to happy to help (one of them managed to saw off the padlock on the locker when I lost my keys!). Our first mission when we arrived in BA, besides getting to our hostel safely, was to find Sonya a new camera and me a memory card. Surprise, I had left the memory card on my desk at work…
He was by then stark naked, his clothes in an untidy heap beside him on the stones. He would have liked to take a running jump into the water but for all he knew he might land in a tangle of rusty submerged barbed wire. And as for running, it took a moment or two to get used to walking barefoot on the rough stones. He walked straight in.
KEY TO VICTORY: FINDING AL SHEBAB UNITS
Ok so we all loved S-Club 7 back in the late 1990′s to the early 2000′s and to be fair they were successful and right for the music of the time. It made me cringe slightly when I saw that they were due to re-unite this summer for a tour and for two brand new albums. S Club 7 achieved four UK number one singles, a number one album and over 17 million record sales worldwide during their five-year stint.
we dream
3) add instant custard with cream
Stray dogs make their way to the back of butcher shops
After the album was completed the search for a label started and Amputated gave us the best offer so we signed there.
.: A heart is a fragile thing, that’s why we protect them so vigorously, give them away so rarely, and why it means so much when we do. Some hearts are more fragile than others, purer somehow. Like crystal in a world of glass. Even the way they shatter is beautiful :.
Gary Griffith is really the Minister of Natl Security
Assassin's Creed has always been quite close to my heart. Being of the games I really enjoy fooling around with. As the series progressed it became easy, easier and super ezmode. Playing Revelations, comparing it with the first game, is that it's more diverse but it also makes it easy. Right from get go, once you can sell bomb components you can practically buy the entirety of Constantinople (or Istanbul, whatever) without much effort. The only thing that really peeves me off are the Den Defense missions, they are incredibly boring from my perspective, the only reason for actually doing them though is the challenges requires 3 successful den defense.
Typically the term “beer goggles” is most associated with a condition that overindulgent males suffer from. But wondering minds and bar patrons want to know, do women suffer the same fate? To test this myth a study conducted by researchers at London’s Roehampton University involved more than 100 men and women in which they rate pairs of faces. Some were given beverages containing alcohol and others were given drinks without alcohol. The premise of the study was to have the study participants identify which faces were symmetrical and which were asymmetrical. Apparently symmetry is one of the major traits we use to measure the attractiveness of one person compared to another (I guess if you listen to those fancy mind doctors). Based on the results women were particularly bad at discerning between symmetrical and asymmetrical faces after consuming alcohol. There were no statistics given so I’m not sure how decisively the intoxicated women failed the symmetry test.
From the origins of detective noir to the latest modern iteration, McBride’s Frank Sinatra in a Blender is violent, gruesome, black and about as far away from The Big Sleep as you can get, while still clearly being its literary descendent. It’s noir and as hardboiled as you can get – McBride’s prose has the same rhythm and poetry of the originals of the genre, and, as with The Big Sleep, you know you’re in for something special right from the opening lines. Actually, you know you’re in for something special right from the title.
We’ve seen your ugly race pictures. But I want to see your favorite race picture! And an explanation of why. It can be ugly or pretty, solo or with a friend or group … whatever reason, as long as it’s your favorite. Oh my. I have to choose a favorite race photo? Strangely, I don’t have a lot of ugly race photos. Actually, there are probably ugly ones out there of me (I can think of one in particular from the Soldier Field 10 Mile where my form is horrific) but I haven’t saved any of them. For good reason.
Now it's time for you to hop on. Your next stop is Lils' blog! Thanks for playing along in our release hop and don't forget to leave your comments on each stop of the hop to be eligible for all the prizes!!! Have fun and good luck to all!
Some more work has gotten done in the flower gardens around the pool. (And in the veggie garden!)
Camp Merryelande is a family oriented place offering nice modern beach cottages and campgrounds. All our cottages are on the beach or have nice views of the beach and river. They are modern and come with WIFI, satellite TV, full kitchens including microwaves and coffee makers. For walk-in guests who don’t plan to stay Friday night, the Main event is on Saturday, August 11. But those who are making camping or cottage reservations are encouraged to join us and relax on the beach Friday night, August 10 as well.
If stories transmitted through myth in all ancient cultures are taken as genuine records of visual phenomena –plasma bursts in the heavens– we begin to see formative earth peoples experiencing life on a volatile planet among cataclysmic prehistoric events happening in their skies. Our recent past, by comparison, has been a peaceful one. We can imagine how such events must have instilled fear, but faith and belief that their leaders (god-kings in ancient Egypt, China, Babylon) could and did overcome such monsters is not in our makeup. By ignoring the heavens, we have become complacent: we are no longer skywatchers. Because our history relates few cosmic incidents, we are lulled into ignoring our unique connection to our star, its orbiting companions, the Milky Way galaxy which drives us and the great space of infinity beyond.
Most of the action, thus far, as taken place online in our first online readalong but the live events have started, wtih a presentation on how the original railroad bridges went from rail to trail (many of them are now part of a state park called the Overseas Heritage Trail) and a special guided tour of the Speedway to Sunshine exhibit at the Custom House (there’s another this Friday — you can still sign up by coming into the library or calling there at 305-292-3595).
www.accrispin.com
1089. Red Velvet Whoopie Pie @ the Mundy Estate (Charlotte, NC)
I give to you not only a mighty playlist of bitchin' grooves, but also some homespun album artwork courtesy Retrospace. This time 'round we've got a bunch of songs with one thing in common: all have the word "circle" in the title. Have no fear, Elton John's "Circle of Life" is nowhere to be found on this mix tape. Not only would that be an unforgivable affront to good taste, but I would also expect Disney lawyers to Kaiser Sosa my ass within five minutes of this posting.
It’s another piece of advice I’m giving out to the world that I should be following myself. I stopped writing a while ago (December? ONLY December? It feels like a lifetime!) and have been trying to get back into it for about a month now.
Since there was a good range in print size, the quality spectrum was also greatly varied. Those photographs with minimal post production had the best results, producing sharp, full tone range prints. This is mostly due to the manipulation of digital pixel, causing a softer edge and generally a more muted look.
Garry Hornby, University of Canterbury, New Zealand.
The chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later he called the national weather service. "Does it still look like it's going to be a very cold winter?"
78. Magician - Raymond E Feist
Scott Hamilton / Alex Wild, Blogging, and the Curse of Coolness / 213
The last verse in Ch 6 presents the great missiological challenge of all time…”How will I get Pharoah (those without a reference point with God) to listen to me?” (6:30). The question is not how to get a powerful God to save…or how to get a powerful God to desire to save. God is all-powerful and His heart/desire to save is already demonstrated (Jn 3:16/Rom 5:8, et.al.) The question is how do we communicate the message in such a way that it is understood and adhered to?
Heidi’s Egg and Cheese Bake is love in a 13×9 pan.
I am not really sure what this thing is called or when it was built exactly, so I am just calling it "Rotunda." This sits in the middle of parque central and is used in the evenings and weekends as a meet up/hang out point for Quetzaltenango's young people to chat, make out, and breakdance--just as I am sure the original Greek fetishing architects envisioned.
How to Buy a HD Flat Screen TV
o Once you know, communicate as soon as possible. People need information to take back control and plan for their personal situation.
For me, it was so nice to focus on such a large goal that was bigger than myself. I had a good race and raised over $7300 for a cause that just kept getting more amazing the more I learned about it … on a side note, just because the marathon’s over does not mean that cancer stops! There is still time to donate! Please go to my fundraising page to learn more about innovative cancer research at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
But I am starving.
First up...
Micheals ribbon
It filled her with love;
Imagine an invading army defeating and occupying Britain. Imagine their soldiers raping and murdering the British people. Imagine the foreign-led quisling police force ignoring the rapes and murders. Imagine the Vichy government and media covering up the details and promoting a two-minute hate campaign against the British resistance hiding out in the hills.
Bowden has promised fans that he plans on bringing the character to life with a maximum amount of honesty to the original.
I take him around the house, or rather up and down the house. It’s a sunny day and it looks nice; everything looks nice on a day like today. We tramp up the staircase, exchanging pleasantries, inasmuch as a smartly-dressed businessman and a hairy childcarer can trade their thoughts. We soon find ourselves standing in uncomfortable proximity at the top of the house.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Unfortunately, purging only reinforces binge eating. Though you may tell yourself, as you launch into a new diet, that this is the last time, in the back of your mind there’s a voice telling you that you can always throw up or use laxatives if you lose control again. What you may not realize is that purging doesn’t come close to wiping the slate clean after a binge.
Two items for class today:
Isadora bit her tongue to prevent anything slipping out that might ruin their time. She watched Trevor savor his buffalo.
-1 Mage Cloth - dropped by Sizar Mages and other mages in first floor of Thenton Tower (but Sizar Mages I've actually seen most often). You can also buy them in AvLynyss Item Shop for 40,000 gold.
In weaker veins shall run.
reported to have been shot in front of his wife and children at point
Now you have a chance to win an amazing prize pack from Wilton! The prize pack will include:
“What? Tell us what? Out with it, man.” Edward removed his leather gloves and gripped them in one hand.
Is what Andrew said to me when I asked him why it's taking so long to bake this baby, and I was this close to yelling, "WELL WE BOTH KNOW WHOSE HOT DOG IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS."
Next, add the rice, salt, curry powder, mustard powder, parsley, ground black pepper and almonds. Allow all the ingredients to heat through and then pour in the half-and-half. Let the soup gently simmer for about 1 hour, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. The soup should not boil but should simmer over low heat so that it thickens slowly.
18 He that believeth on the Son is not condemned; but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the Name of the Only Begotten Son of God.
Paper: GP white, Bazzill basics REDS
well, that's how i learned that when it comes to certain things, this guy is NOT the average! he's blazing right on past the normal milestone markers and has decided he's gonna do things his own way! i knew we were in trouble when, before he turned six months, he started pulling himself up to stand using the spindles of his crib when he was supposed to be sleeping... the little snot! *wink*
He tries to move on, going for new friends, a new school, and a new job, but all his changes can’t make him forget what he left behind—his mother, who is still trapped with his dad, and his ex-girlfriend, who is keeping his secret.
So how do we make sure all the essentials are met? Well first off if you are working in an essential service you will get the better holidays/working hours as discussed but for things like food and what we call consumer items how do we make sure this is dealt with sanely? Well there is the option of setting limits on what is reasonably expected an average human in your position needs of any given thing, such as no-one needs more than 5 loaves of bread a day or 5 working TVs at any one time or something like that. People can get different kinds of allowances for different things, such as essential allowances to cover the basics that everyone gets and then health allowance for special needs and work allowance for things you need in order to carry out your job and these would be assessed individually based on the position you hold, but should never be excessive.
"We're going to miss our flight," Josh nearly shouted at the man. "I'll sit down if you tell me that you know where we're going."
Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC Family ... 11 AM
All this ‘fictional, ‘filmy’ blah blah is fine, but where the film actually scores ‘flat-out brilliance’ points is the entire Abraham (Emraan) and Silk (Vidya) thread. Though a tad under-developed, it was so refreshing to see such a man-woman equation in a hindi movie. As I mentioned earlier, all the elements of this equation, like male-insecurity, jealousy, craving for the ‘prohibited’, are all there in the dialogues. Maybe you can say its less ‘showing’ more ‘telling’, but Emraan and Vidya, both have such scorching screen presence that when dialogues are delivered they work like fireworks celebrating the very existence of ‘dialogue-baazi’ in our movies. If both would’ve just exchanged looks without the dialogues the screen would’ve been trembling, but when you can burn the screen with the dialogues why would you wont use them.
I started off with, of course, Pool Party card stock cut at 5-1/2" x 8-1/2" and scored it at 4-1/4". Next I cut a piece of Whisper White card stock 4" x 5-1/2". I stamped the doily from Hello Doily onto the Whisper White card stock in Pool Party ink and adhered the card stock onto the card front.
While that’s going on, you make quinoa. (I confess, I always screw up quinoa. I don’t know why. The package says one cup quinoa to two cups of water, which is what I did, but still it ended up a bit mushy.)
Stampin Up- Flight of the Butterfly
However, Iblis plays a much smaller role in Islamic theology (and I’d guess, anecdotally, Islamic literature) than the Devil in the Christian tradition, and is most often portrayed as appearing in human guise on earth to teach wrong beliefs – so, for example, many early Islamic heresiographies (books of heresy) record the founder of particularly extreme sects as being Iblis himself, who appeared in human form to teach the members of the movement wrong beliefs. There is still an idea of Iblis as corrupting humanity, like the Devil in Christianity, but Iblis does this in a much more practical, much less supernatural way, again usually by talking to people and manipulating their teaching.
When we call for freedom and democracy, then by default, we stand with Israel. When we call for truth and honesty with regard to Islam, then we stand with Israel. When we call for bravery, determination and sacrifice in our struggle against Islam then we stand with Israel. When we call for the right to free speech and the right to a peaceful existence, then we stand with Israel.
By Christof Lehmann – Aarhus – nsnbc. Yesterday the Danish City of Aarhus became the focus and meeting point of the European Right, including the English Defense League, the Danish Defense League, and right-wing to fascist organizations from Finland, Poland, Russia, Germany and other European nations. It is likely that the right wing meeting can be considered as a seminal event for gathering the European Right under a common program. The meeting was outnumbered by the biggest demonstration in Aarhus since 2006, with approximately 5.000 people marching through the city, shouting slogans like “No fascism in our streets – Make Place for Everybody who makes Place for Everybody“, and most prominently “Aarhus for Diversity“.
frequency..in another vibrational time
As you read this, I am cruising around the Eastern Caribbean with the crazy bead ladies taking part in The Bead Cruise. The travel agent putting on The Bead Cruise is an agency called Memory Cruisin'. I thought it would be fun to take a spin off that memory theme and take a stroll down memory lane here on the blog. Can you believe I've been blogging for more than 7, SEVEN, years?!? Wild isn't it? All week you'll find a blast from the past post. Who doesn't like to get a little sentimental?
Don't you just love life's little surprises? :) Have a fantastic weekend!
Liz, sandwich spotter from above, brought back this great mud from her vacation in Lake Chapala, Mexico. After one holiday shindig died down, Jennifer and I decided to beautify ourselves. And Bill, we decided to beautify Bill. Here is is, crying "noooooo!"
It just goes to show that the best defense is still a good offense.
What can you do with banjo
May you always know the truth
The skies above are clear again
Tine vs. The Berger....goes to Tine. These are phenomenal treats but I realize the danger they pose. I am willing to run the extra two miles just to indulge in two of these scrumptious delicacies. The Berger is definitely something every Marylander should experience, but heed my warning...just buy one pack at a time. At 140 calories a pop, they are a spare tire just waiting to happen.
St. Patrick’s Day was celebrated on March 17 and in Suffolk County, St. Paddy’s Day is a very big deal. There is a huge parade, bakeries sell Irish soda bread throughout the month (it’s great toasted and slathered with lots of butter), bars sell green beer and some grocery stores even sell green bagels. The city declares a holiday (officially called Evacuation Day) and the parking meters are off.
Gwyneth
As I found out late in October, the leaf peeping season is a couple or so weeks away from its peak. But I already drove the 250 miles to get to my leaf peeping spot and by hook or by crook I was going to get me some fall color shots.
DJ’s Khomza, Voqul and YFM’s MS Cosmo kept us on our feet, whilst some were just getting down to the core. I actually feel the technical clichés issue is becoming a habit mo Kasi, but I’m also assuming there isn’t much that can be done about it. Is it really inevitable? Can it be somehow reduced? Something most promoters have to look at. But focusing on the positive it really was a good night and I enjoyed myself.
Even when I do a mistake, everyone says “there there” and showers me with affection.
Being a morning person is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
The Mosque will be located at Park Heights and Slade Avenue, barely a block from the very epicenter of Jewish Baltimore. It will be across Slade Avenue from Baltimore Hebrew Congregation and its Day School – the very oldest Jewish congregation in Baltimore. It will be diagonal from Temple Oheb Shalom, whose sanctuary was designed by the great architect Walter Gropius. Across Park Heights Avenue will be the Suburban Club, a 100 year old Jewish country club. Within a mile of it will be Chizuk Amuno Congregation and my ‘almamater’, the Krieger Schechter Day School which it houses, Beth Tfiloh Congregation and its day school, and Beth El Congregation. Those are three of the world’s largest synagogues. Within a mile and a half is the Seven Mile Market, which recently expanded to become the single largest kosher supermarket in the world. Within a two mile radius will be dozens and dozens of small orthodox congregations, dozens of Jewish retirement homes, the Ner Israel Yeshiva, Sol Levinson & Brothers Funeral Home, Sinai Hospital, The Suburban House, Lenny’s and Miller’s Delis, and roughly ten kosher restaurants. It is a Mosque located at the absolute center of Jewish Baltimore. For nearly half a century, no new church dared open its doors near Upper Park Heights Avenue for the knowledge that that attracting new membership would be a fool’s errand. It is perhaps the sole place in America whose commercial districts are guaranteed not to have Christmas decorations in the winter.
I went to bed that night feeling very calm and accepting.
Yes it is rare to find a full British menu in Australia. So this is an absolute delight to the Aussie pallette.
And on Friday, Hilary celebrates a naive painter and his unlikely influence on a generation of English artists, in Alfred Wallis, Artist and Mariner, by Robert Jones.
Now here we are! What my mother taught me is not true. The rejection of my marriage and children by my black in-laws, and the complete destruction of our entire extended family by divorce, has helped me to turn inward to my immediate family in order to protect them. I realized at some point that I was on a mission placed before me and that I had a job to do. We have been led, I believe by God, into a new way of thinking. Since last year, we have turned 180 degrees politically, and have adopted very conservative values. We have lost all of our liberal friends in the process, but have strengthened our family in many ways. We have become religious and very concerned with the future of our country.
"If a serving senior Federal Court judge who presided in Teoh's RCI can be ignored by the AG, then what is the weight of the recommendations by Hanif (left) or Shim to him?"
This job was pretty good. I enjoyed what I was doing, the people in the office were pretty great (and the back office, where I was, was very small. 4 people, and we all got along pretty well. BONUS!) Other than spelling the receptionist for her lunch and breaks, I didn’t have to deal with anyone outside the office, and the pay plus benefits were rather awesome! We even had a rotation of 4/10 day workdays – each week, one of the back office people would work Mon. – Thurs., with Friday off, so that we could take care of things like Dr. appointments, or shopping, or just lazing on a three day weekend.
The Design Team have some examples for you:-
Editors Note: This week’s “Two-Minute Warning” is hosted by John Stonestreet and Timothy George. Next week, Chuck Colson’s pre-recorded broadcast on the cardinal virtues starts. In total, we have an eight-part series, four of which Chuck recorded.
We've thought about acquiring horses and making a go of it, but we live on a .15-acre (that's POINT 15 acre) lot in a homeowners association that doesn't allow small farmyard animals, let alone hay-burning, manure-making modes of transport. Paying someone else to allow us to keep horses inconveniently away from our home doesn't make sense. Plus, we have nowhere here to store a trailer or other matters horse related. (No trailer parking in the street OR in our own driveway, and our side yards are so narrow there's no way a trailer of ANY description can be hidden behind the side fences. I can barely get our trash can to fit through the gate on garbage day.)
Click on the link below to see Red's blog post (in Japanese) on Bailey's Taproom, which he calls downtown Portland's best beer bar: ダウンタウン・ポートランドのベスト・ビール・バー
Hercules loved nothing more than to run through fields and forests, or to plunge for a cooling dip into a lake or river. Spring through autumn were his seasons. He never grew accustomed to winter, being prone to ice buildup in his paws, and our only attempt to fit him with booties provided some despairing looks and an exaggerated clown walk.
Knowing what I’m supposed to do,
Let him have your submerged treasure
sex: Female
UK Gold Limited, operator of the ‘Dave’ comedy TV channel, applied to register the word mark DAVE as a Community trade mark (CTM) for goods and services in classes 9, 16, 28, 35, 38, and 41. Of these, classes 38 and 41 would appear to be the most crucial for UK Gold's business, given they include ‘broadcasting’ and ‘organization, production, presentation, distribution, syndication, and rental of television programmes’. The filing date of the application was 18 July 2007.
Mini tennis balls
Why, then, do I feel so uneasy about this push for Literacy, targeted directly at our boys?
This was clear with the death of my sister Christine. After viewing her body at the hospital, I went out to speak with family members. Christine’s husband – Ed – started to sob uncontrollably. For a few moments I felt like I was transcending the provincialism of time. I thought about the 20-watts of energy, and about experiments that show a single particle can pass through two holes at the same time. I could not dismiss the conclusion: Christine was both alive and dead, outside of time.
“You knew what to look for,” he said quietly.
Status: On hold at the the library, #2 in the queue.
I haven't stressed too much this week about making too many things. But I love creating so I made these two Roman rag doll cuties.
11-I can only change myself
“… spirit element has always existed; it is co-eternal with God…. It is also called intelligence…. portions of the self-existent spirit element are born as spirit children, or in other words… is organized into intelligences” (Mormon Doctrine, 1977 ed., p. 751).
I used some scrap Brilliant Blue CS and matching DP. I coloured the kitty with copics and added some rhinestones & ribbon! I love making projects like this - they make me feel like I'm not "wasting" paper! When I can use up the GAZILLION scraps I have, I feel better!!!! LOL
She tried to relax, to remember the sensation when Kinn and Fenne had been playing their music, tried to recapture that instant when the music had changed into something different, deeper. Still music, still present, but quiet as an in-held breath, expectant, interwoven with wonder. . . .
“But that’s how cats are, Letizia!”
So let us review the specifications, payment mode & transparency in procuring the laptops.
512-406-1157 cell
I think there is a spectrum in the way we view God’s guidelines. On one side, we view them as restrictive rules that don’t bring freedom and peace. We resent them, refuse to acknowledge them and resist anyone who tries to call us to the table when we aren’t following them. At times on this spectrum, we are afraid to tell anyone about them because we see them as a negative in our own lives. We don’t see the freedom and therefore we don’t feel there is anything positive to share. We hate the guidelines and can’t understand their propose. This is a heart issue. On the other side of the spectrum, we focus on guidelines so much that we can’t live life. We tell everybody about the guidelines and turn people off because we aren’t focused on the outcome, but rather the guideline itself. We live a life that is restrictive and speak of our martyrdom; we resist anyone who speaks of freedom. The difference on this side is that we acknowledge the rules, and make them a huge part of our lives. However, the similarity is that we aren’t living in communion with God because if we were, we wouldn’t be on either end of the spectrum. There would be a healthy understanding of the guidelines and an inward and outward gratitude for the freedom the bring. Neither of these ends of the spectrum are healthy our what God has intended. As I said before, God intends these guidelines to bring freedom and enhance our lives. It is an issue of the heart and maturity when we find ourselves not in the middle of the spectrum, which is in a committed relationship with Christ.
The hardest part is recording your own voice without cringing at the result. The second hardest is gently underlining how the English "eat their words" without going at a wholly natural speed. These are a bit of a fiddle to make at the beginning, but I find I can knock them out in half an hour flat now including finding images and making the vids.
Moreover, the regular influx of Tibetans has resulted in the disappearance of the racial characteristics of ‘Dards’, the original Indo-Aryan inhabitants of Ladakh. Most of its 200,000 large population, especially of eastern and central Ladakh, bears much resemblance to Tibetans and Central Asians. But who’s bothered?
Removes the intellectual causes of preoccupation blockage
Okay, it’s not quite like that. It’s EVEN BETTER. I’m currently the author of the world’s HIGHEST SELLING (free) ‘unicorn sharehousing comedy fantasy story featuring a protagonist called Stanley’, and don’t even try telling me that hasn’t been your dream since childhood.
Another thing I’d like to note before I continue: on March 31, I returned home from a mission trip to Guatemala with my church. After we landed, our pastor told us all that, being in Guatemala, we were ‘on a mountain’ and that the transition back home could put us ‘in a valley’, but God called us to follow Him on mountains and in valleys. So I think April 1st, I fell into my valley and I’m still waiting to get out. (I guess I need to thank Pastor Dave for preparing me for the valley I’d be stuck in for the month of April)
- JMD Pratza by kanu Mangotra in the food space
The beauty of God not treasured.
You’ll bruise yourself jumping to conclusions, but, hey, be my guest. Fortunately, your judgments as to my orthodoxy are simply that: your judgments.
The Whites who explored China were just as racist as those who explored Africa, but their descriptions were different from what they and the Arabs had written about Africans. In 1275 Marco Polo arrived in China from his native Italy to open trade with the Mongol Empire. He found that the Chinese had well built roads, bridges, cities connected by canals, census takers, markets, standardized weights and measures, and not only coins, but paper money as well. Even a postal system was in existence.
Paths vary;
I can justify it often though, because of the different covers. First of all, I hate the cliché 'don't judge a book by it's cover', because while I know that authors rarely have control over what actually ends up encasing their work, sometimes you just have to turn a book over because of the cover, staring up at you in strangely inconsistent oblivion. When I'm loafing around the bookstore 90% of the reason I pick up a random book for it's cover (the rest is the title), so you know, you have to judge a book by something, really.
"It's enough," Jack said, "But it's hard to understand without Watchtower study materials to interpret it."
According to a report in Israel Defense News, the new subs’ advanced Israeli “super secret” systems, once installed, will be comparable to those “found perhaps only in U.S. nuclear submarines.”
--750 new office jobs (30 percent of 2500).
Blackbird's Anniversaries of the Heart. It's quickly becoming a favorite! I ended up tea dying the fabric because it was too white and not very antique-y looking. I haven't put any special people in yet. I'm still collecting names and dates. I have a little book I keep with the charts and I add thoughts as I have them. Last night I was looking through some stitchy magazines for small symbols representing members of my family. I found a wonderful little photo of a karate kid which will be perfect for my grandson! This piece is so much fun to stitch.
90. Attend a comedy show
04. Wild Fire Willie
and racing a 10 year-old through the obstacle course. After that, we handed over the cleaning to younger, more energetic people...It's hard to say how clean things got, but they did race through there with spray bottles and rags...
8. Things you collect
It's my 30th birthday!
From ev'ry depth of good and ill
I have also used one of the Die-namics swirl die to cut out in pink card this has been stuck down the right handside, then I used some of the left over script paper with the Royal Rose rolled die from Die-namics cut it out then rolled it up and placed it at the top of the swirl. To finish of I have used 6 black pearls in two sizes down the left and right hand sides.
Jennifer trying to blow out all those candles
Haven’t done much chatting since my friend has not been around much this week. Been busy with other things. I rarely venture into any random chat rooms these days. I’m kind of happy just to visit one or two rooms on a regular basis. After all the years I’ve put into it I have started to feel like I’d want to do something else with my time. Sure it’s fun making new friends but there are also other aspects which are not as much fun.
I used to have a part-time job at a local Wendy’s here and I often grabbed kid’s meal freebies that looked interesting for one reason or another. I am not entirely sure why I grabbed these as I am not known to be a fan of monster trucks and yet here they are and still in the original packaging. From what I can glean from the internets it appears they came from a promotion in 2004.
obvious. “Attorning” means to take all of the property of the People
Happy May 1st.....
The Stooges – Have Some Fun: Live At Ungano’s
Dear Princess,
This will be a lawyers delight.
Besides the food there were souvenirs. All sorts of cheap touristy crap. There were Ulu knife sets for $3.99 – a very popular item in the group. From my two trips to Alaska I still didn’t buy those knives – just don’t know what to do with them. They may be ok as a souvenir to put on a shelf. Other than that I doubt I’ll ever use one as a real knife. But those $3.99 ones were made in China. I mean, seriously? In Alaska to buy traditional Ulu knife made in China (the box very explicitly stated that the set was designed in Alaska, but still). However, I did find a very nice jade bears explicitly labeled Made in Alaska, though a bit more expensive.
Well, he also consistently and publicly criticize those who are not member of a big domain called “kaibigan, inc.”
Q: How is the real world the enemy of the writer? What can we do about this?
For me? Not the easiest of tasks. But not impossible either. I will simply have to put forth some effort. But I can manage it. Hey...if I can give up my X-Box controllers for a week I think I can manage it. And I never even mentioned in the blog (was too busy playing X-Box, 'NATCH) that two weeks ago yesterday was my THREE YEAR ANNIVERSARY from having smoked my last cigarette. Ever.
When I opt for this option I don’t do anything about creating opportunities for myself which might give me a better future.
Vocally the real problems were the two leads though. Ellen Orford's music is extraordinarily beautiful in this opera, and requires an extremely good lyric soprano to do it justice. Amanda Roocroft is a magnificent actress as we've seen in her assumption of the Janacek heroines at ENO, but unfortunately vocal problems persist. She once had an extremely beautiful full lyric voice, and while it remains this in the warm middle voice, the top is strident and metallic, rather than blooming and full. The quiet top B flat in the Embroidery aria wasn't even attempted, instead she just stopped halfway through the interval and sang the line from where she stopped. Ben Heppner is well past his prime, and is completely beset by vocal problems - he can't sing quietly, all wide intervals are heavily scooped into, everywhere there are tuning issues, the top is extremely strained, the line bulges as he applies force about half a second into each note. Apparently he's doing Tristan with Stemme next month at the Bayerische Staatsoper - something to dread.
In Paradise he prays God give him rest,
So go get yourself a bottle of Barossa Valley wine for $30 or less; Shiraz, Chardonnay, Cabernet, Riesling or otherwise…and let everyone know on April 25 what you think about the ”return of the Barossa Boomerang”. Kindly use #wbw76 on all tweets and references. I will provide a recap here and at the Wine Blogging Wednesday site no more than a couple days following April 25. So be sure to tweet all your links, share all your stories, (include those hashtags everywhere) so we (appreciate the ongoing support of Tim Elliot and Lenn Thompson towards making #wbw76 fun and successsful) can help pass your experiences and content on to even more winos by including your stories in all the wrap-ups.
My dreams have been extra vivid lately. When I woke up I was able to draw out the floor plan for the house from my dream... so I did for kicks. xD We all have different ways we waste our time. ;)
So Corpus Christi may well have wished to forget that Marlowe existed. There is precedence for this too. Henry Butts, Corpus Christi master in 1632, worked heroically to relieve suffering during the plague, but later went insane. This was deemed ‘a disgrace’, and his portrait was taken down and hidden.
Photo by Resepi Diana
Have you joined the merry band of followers? Have you bookmarked the page? Have you become unruly on Facebook or joined the Unruly Yahoo Group? Lots of ways to stay in touch. Just visit the blog and you will see where to join up.
On the fourth Armenian Remembrance Day of his presidency, President Obama has for the fourth time in a row broken his promise to the Armenian community to use the word “genocide” in describing what happened at the hands of the Turks roughly a century ago.
The fun stuff!! I had my 22 week u/s with the MFM on 12/27 and everything looked amazing!! As soon as the tech put the probe on my belly we saw a penis! Again, my little boy clearly is not shy and is obviously a boy! She then went and found Baby A and although stubborn as usual, she was not being coy and she is absolutely a she! We saw the labia and no penis! That was about all she cooperated with as we couldn't get a good profile picture...we did get one of her cute little feet, though! And when they did the internal u/s to check my cervix length, all you could see was her kicking down there - brat! He was being good - we got a great profile picture and the tech turned on the 3D and we got to see him!!! I'll admit, it's a bit creepy and awesome all at the same time!
Minor League Update -
In conclusion, I need to learn to let go… that refers to the runs that I have missed, even if they are long runs, and start each week fresh. I also need to pay extra attention that I recover properly from each run. This means rigorous stretching, icing, elevating, sleeping in compression garments, nutrition. With uni, 12wbt and everything that’s currently going on in my life, I need to get organized. Planning is key to success, they say. Well, I drew up my fitness plan for March and nearly choked on my breakfast seeing how busy I will be the coming month. Yikes!
Sjora Crew:
Not to be deterred, climate alarmists insist that the climate is changing in new ways -- for example, in the "extreme weather" that has purportedly struck the U.S. since 2005. Focusing on Hurricane Katrina in that year and an outbreak of deadly tornadoes in 2011, alarmists contend that the weather is becoming more extreme and that climate change is the cause.
Joey’s not feeling so good. Maybe it was the ice-creams that did it.
I've decided that even I can do a better job than that, so friend of mine who has been a groomer, but now only does a few out of her home, has offered to teach me... gonna be getting my shears soon... but I think I have awhile before his hair will be long enough to even straighten out... maybe I can find him a little puppy wig??? Or in his case, a toupee!!! Thank goodness it is summer or I would have to whip out a doggie sweater for the poor thing.
I take a new EW and flip through the pages, identifying the major stories, the main reviews of movies, television, DVDs, music, and books. Then I pick through the first pages. These are short articles about certain popular artists of the week, entertainment picks for the week, and a column called “News and Notes” which gives interesting information about various entertainment industry issues without pandering to giving “news” about who slept with whom.
NOTE: For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them. And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed.
‘Yes. that’s right it was…’
Sitting in front of the computer and typing in “craigslist.org” in the browser section of “google chrome” was one of the slowest-going things I’ve had to do for a while. I just dreaded that it would mean more the same endless drudgery that burned me out in the first place. The computer screen felt like it was disappearing further and further into the distance the longer I sat there, waiting, willing myself to press “enter” on my keyboard. I just didn’t want to start this all over again.
Thirds, I used the punched cardstock as a mask on this colored Hero Art's card, and stamped with a lettering stamp. you can use any stamp. then without lifting the mask cardstockm i traced the hearts on to the card with Copic Spica red.
The tatting is a pattern that is available in the book Tatting by Tatsy and you see about 1/3 of what I am making, that is all I will say about that for now.
I am never not happy at the sight of these flowers, either on the way to work or while running errands or just roaming around the city. In a city that has grown amazingly hot and dry, these flowers, along with the gulmohars, seem to provide a burst of cheery colour to soothe your frayed nerves.
So, how much sense does it make for us actively to increase the adult population of what is already a vastly over-populated, environmentally devastated and economically dependent country?
Throughout my visit, we smothered each other in kisses and hugs, played "Tickle and Tackle" (I made that one up; it's played as it sounds.) and couldn't stop laughing. I already miss my five year old love bug.
Whinging on and on about his exhausting kitchen bitch shifts at Café C.
The 6 day experience for your son or daughter is R1 200 for the accommodation, food, lectures, manuals and activities. When you consider that the Summit protects against a destructive influence on campus, it’s a small price to pay. Considering the value of your child’s soul, it’s priceless.
* George Washington and Thomas Jefferson both grew hemp.
Do you believe in dreams?
Friday………………….1/27/12: Yoga
Discreet police barricades hide under archways, containing too easily the sprawling encampment. I want to feel more but I don't. It just reminds me of Goose fair in Nottingham.
Another former Muslim, writer Ibn Warraq, visited Denmark to launch his book Why I am not a Muslim. In an interview, Ibn Warraq stated that especially among the Left there is a post-colonial guilt complex that constitutes an almost insuperable obstacle to any criticism of Islam and Third World cultures. The Left have thus put their own, universal values aside in favor of a dangerous relativism. Ibn Warraq pointed out that more than fifty years after the West left its colonies in the Third World, Leftists are still blaming all the ills of Africa and the Middle East on the former colonial powers, while the same left-wingers only ten years after the fall of Communism blamed Russia’s troubles on unrestrained capitalism. “The Left refuses to seek answers elsewhere. At the same time they are, because of Marx, accustomed to look for economic explanations to everything. Consequently, they seek the explanation to Islamic terrorism in the economic situation. But it is a great mystery to me how 200 dead people in Madrid are supposed to help the poor in the Islamic world.”
My little boy turned seven a few days ago and with it, I turned a new corner in my life. It was a day of celebration, a day of happiness and a day in which I was quietly noting the beginning of a new stage in my life. At least that’s how it seems.
We had a long layover in Denver, so I tried to get some sleep under a row of seats near our terminal. The airport was really quiet at such an early hour, but our terminal was right next to a moving sidewalk from which a very loud, automated voice emanated roughly every minute. It was an annoyingly cheery robotic female voice warning people, in English and Spanish, that the moving sidewalk was coming to an end and to watch their step. It seemed completely unnecessary and I think that's what really ended up getting to me in the end.
Lay sweet potatoes in the pan.
CHICAGO — The City of Chicago must hire 111 black firefighter applicants who were passed over for jobs years ago and pay tens of millions of dollars in damages to about 6,000 other black candidates under a ruling issued on Friday by a federal appeals court.
Rating: 5 stars~ Couldn't put this down!
It is great to create reusable code, but it does not have to handle every future scenario that you can dream up. Instead, stick with the stated features needed but organize the code in a way that makes it easy to extend and improve in future releases. As you develop the code, do team code reviews to identify how to better reuse code, to spot troubled code and to reorganize for maximum maintainability.
I don't have any answers. Over the years, in spite of the accepting environment that is unschooling, my kids have wrestled with shame and fear and feelings of inadequacy. They've had their dark moments. I can only speculate about what has gotten them through those moments and what was missing in this boy's life or psyche that he couldn't do the same.
a flow that allows me to type my thoughts
Matt R: 3.8
Oh how we all want more. However, sometimes what we really want is less. I know many of the things I have wanted lately are less of. I want less pain. I want less cold. I want less of a cold. I want less mean and nasty people. I want less bad food. Sorry, I can see that in wanting less I am blocking MORE. Because I don’t really want those things at all. I want my body to feel more pleasure. I want to feel more warmth. I want to be able to breathe more, and better. I want more nice people. And I so want more good food. Yeah, I really did title this right. I want to be getting MORE. I realized in typing this that I am not a selfish person. On the contrary as I ask for MORE of what I really want that I am increasing the good and as anything good increases it gets bigger and better.
Album Verdict: 91% – Look out for a proper album review.
#1) "We believe that the future of our Communion relies on adherence to Scriptural authority, faithful and Christ-centred preaching of this word, the blessing of God’s Holy Spirit, godly leadership and the spiritual commitment of God’s people." (From here)
Yankee Judging a Texas Chili Cook-off
The pattern seemed in no hurry to change, so I asked out loud within my vision, “OK, how do I get past this?” No change. “Isn’t there a door somewhere?”
Ever have a conversation that you have an idea on how its going to go, then all of a sudden, you realize, before I speak, I need to ask some questions.
It stayed that way until the bottom of the TWELFTH when Pete Levin and Albert Cartwright starting the inning with singles. Brandon Trip was patient and earned a walk to load the bases. Then “Big” Jim Murphy stepped to the dish and whacked one that Ross and I thought was going to go over the wall. It fell short of being a grand slam by only a few inches, but it did score the winning run.
Note that it was a tad ironic for Bloomberg to read, a bit stumblingly, press release praise for Atlantic Yards Community Benefits Agreement (CBA) signatories after he'd previously denounced CBAs as "extortion." Of course he didn't recognize that job-training group BUILD has been sued.
I feel detached and disenchanted.
Is it a faux pas to discuss politics on a blog that is about parenting, green living, and overall goodness? Probably, but I'm doing it anyway. I care dammit and it breaks my heart that my generation is generalized as an apathetic, lazy bunch of moochers who keep themselves uninformed in order to continue being said losers. I believe those people exist mind you, I'm "friends" with lots of them on facebook, but I don't believe they are the majority.
Thank You live in Kino Šiška, music tells it all – fantastic perfomance
This is important, and therefore it is important that US citizens, lawmen and politicians stand up when people are getting tortured and humiliated. Not just become everybody e who stands accused of a crime deserves a fair trial, but also to the rule of law and its principles is a big part of what is worth defending against those terrorists who are trying to bring down the civilized society .
One that we will pay for literally forever.
Coralie in Canada
"Let's see what happens when we make the earthling consume mass quantities of Carbonated caramelized sugar water within a ten second period of time."
This time however two concerned young men asked me if they could help; they didn’t ask if I was present although I thought they surely could see that I was stuck there in my muffled minioned stew stirred by the warlock — that young progenitor of aforementioned concoctery, but this time I did not fall down. I recognized the state. I saw my plexus and embraced it wholeheartedly. Lost in a box store as was everyone there but I knew it I was present not chemically altered lest you, dear reader, suppose. Forty years of mountain sitting could not have brought me closer to the seed, the essence. Death perhaps maybe but forever forward knowing and I avoiding the horrors of the store-in-a-box story.
The colour is deep dark eggplant purple with an awesome texture inbetween creme and jelly. Probably I mentioned before that such a texture is very characteristic for Andreia polishes, together with a crazy gloss - there is NO top coat on the pictures!! As usual, I'm very pleased with Andreia, and I recommend all of you to get some and to see yourself how great they are. If they are not sold around, you might try to find a Portuguese swap buddy : )
24. For several centuries the practice prevailed in the Church of giving children the Eucharist after the sacrament of baptism….For the last four centuries, the Western church has not given the Eucharist to children after baptism. But it must be admitted that the Rituals of the Oriental churches contain a rite of Communion for children after baptism. Assemanus the Younger (Codicis Liturgici), bk. 2, p. 149) gives the ceremony of conferring baptism among the Melchites. On page 309, he quotes the Syrians’ baptismal ceremony as it was published by Philoxenus, the Monophysite Bishop of Mabbug, and on p. 306, the ceremony from the ancient Ritual of Severus, Patriarch of Antioch and leader of the Monophysites. He gives also the ceremonies of baptism observed by the Armenians and Copts (bk. 3, p. 95 and 130). All of these ceremonies command that the Eucharist should be given to children after baptism.
I remember not wanting to nurse Josiah anymore like I'd planned too. I know that I loved him, but I just didn't have anything to give just right then. I laid there, with him beside me in that glass crib that they put babies in and at that moment I needed him near me. I picked him up and as stared at him. I didn't really know what to think, except that he looked like his father to me. The thought made me smile. The smile warmed my heart and then I cried. I didn't really know why I was crying. Was I happy or was I sad?
Well somewhere between stop and go and HOLY CRAP all hell broke loose!!!
Have you ever been so hungry you morphed into an evil witch? Rather than cautious, the driver ahead of you seems irritating-tortoise-like slow. No—criminal. And if she doesn’t get her act together soon, you might provide a subtle NUDGE. Or worse…
Peggy’s character indicates the birth of a cultural revolution – the modern woman. Smart, loving, and domestic but still ambitious, the modern woman is relatable because she is present in society today. Peggy embodies the classic internal struggle present in women of the 60’s – choosing between a successful career and a family of her own. In season one, Peggy has a short-lived affair with Peter Campbell and shortly thereafter learns she is pregnant. She carries the baby full term, puts him up for adoption, and returns to work.
Web design is the art of creating web pages, this emphasis on creativity and use of technologies such as the use of HTML, CSS, ASP, SSL, PHP, XML and others. In short we can say that web design is a collective work aims to create web pages.
I've got an alright resume, already: Joseph and The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Nunsense, La Cage Aux Follies, My Fair Lady, Falsettos. And sure, this was all for little theater companies in Sacramento, but it's not like the music I learned will change anytime soon, let alone that I was able to learn it, and that gives me faith that there is nothing separating me from my dreams.
I will not let teaching erase me. I will not be obliterated through deadlike pinkish walls, by playing the subaltern adjunct game. Every day a new chair to sit in, a new temporary office. I threaten to disappear. Will not. I will steal myself away. Sylvia Plath at Smith (you are not Sylvia, you are not at Smith). I write so that I can be I. I write to say fuck-all with reason. To say fuck-all with composition. I will not compose myself. Compose yourselves class. Compose yourselves.
I've known these clients for several years and have been working with them on updating their seaside home in phases. My first project with them was providing a new paint scheme for the homes exterior. That was way back in 2007. Above is an image of the exterior which faces the water.
09 - Good Rockin Tonite 03:26
a certain person who was caught gathering pieces of gold out of the
Artists including Cate Blanchett, Damien Hirst, Wynton Marsalis, Yoko Ono and Ai Wei Wei are set to take part.
Brazil’s central bank said it sees a “high” chance of the benchmark Selic rate falling to a single digit, after cutting the rate last week for a fourth straight time to 10.5 percent.
As you notice there are tallies by some of the words! We have a challenge! Every time the children use the word throughout the day in the correct context, we get a tally! Check out how many we have already!
For example, we don’t see much of Daenerys. Just a quick glimpse of her with her depleted khalsar, wandering the red waste with a dragon on her shoulder.
a pebble
Here' s the gig--I am a writer. I firmly believe in the powers of the First Amendment and the protection of free speech in this country. The First Amendment is one of the cornerstones of our Constitution.
Michelle has created a plan to cook all 5 dinners for the week in just ONE hour. All the menu plans have family friendly meals that feed 4-6 people and no, they are not all casseroles. :)
Method number two was much more successful. For one thing it sounded exciting – ‘pecorino Toscano stagionato with fig paste’ sounds almost like a poem. I have one Rick Tramonto to thank for it, and a www.tastebook.com reference to it and his surely excellent book, Osteria. Pecorino could be set aside however – it was Rick’s spiced fig paste that I craved. Creation of it was utter simplicity. The figs are baked for a while until “dried and shrunk by about a quarter”. For my version, read: “shrunk and a smidge cremated due to the completely unregulated furnace that is our ancient, rescued-from-the-scrapman Smeg cooker”. A cup of port is boiled with rosemary to kill off the alcohol, reduce and season, then added to the baked figs, anointed with olive oil, salt, pepper and orange zest. A food processor reduces the lot to paste in short order. My version employed red wine and balsamic vinegar in the absence of port, plus a bit of cinnamon, cardamom and nutmeg to add Eastern mystique. A hand-held blender did the pasting perfectly well.
Happy Monday!! I am actually posting this on a Monday morning with my coffee by my side. Wouldn't it be nice to do this everyday, hehe! I love long weekends. Hope you all had a wonderful weekend. Ours was very quiet but that's ok!
friendly microbes play a huge role in our digestive and immune systems.
We were given this little wooden basket which we stained with Plaid Folkart stain, colour Apple Butter Brown, how delicious does that name sound.
Apparently, the child woke fresh as a daisy.
The Sisters Of Mercy quickly led me to other bands such as The Mission, (Wayne and Craig left The Sisters to form The Mission) The Cure and Jesus And Mary Chain. Much to my surprise of course, I found out The Cure had been going for ages so I got into them late but in a big way. Sadly, they were at their darkest and most gothic in the early 80′s when I was a Duranie!
The back also shows that A. E. "Red" Patterson was the Angels Team President at that time, a title he held for 3 years, then becomming a long-time Angel executive.
In five minutes you are happily chowing down on an inexpensive, filling meal. But don’t be fooled – the true cost of fast food does not come out of your wallet, but out of your body, your health, and your years on this earth.
The love of God does not consist in mere words, but in sorrow and bitter sufferings, in being despised by the world, abandoned by all creatures, and, it may seem, at times, in the withdrawal of even our Creator’s favour. In spite of all these trials, the Christian’s courage must be firm; he must not complain, nor lose heart; he should imitate the martyr who, while they were disembowelling him and tearing the flesh from his bones with iron hooks, had no word on his lips but the Name of Jesus, nor any thought in his heart but “Blessed be God”…
The initial conversation I talked about was the permitted earnings post interview last week and not getting the job. I also admitted that I truly was not disappointed and admitted it was not the right time for me to consider paid work. Mr Therapist enquired more, I explained:
I don’t think I would have done anything else differently making this remix ifi could go back, I had fun making the project and think it’s a cool way to show the class another side of my community that really doesn’t get seen all that much.
“I long for the day I can return to my beloved parents when my service is over.
There has not been much time for jewelry making, that's for sure. In the last 3 days, I have made double - and sometimes triple - batches of 11 different kinds of Christmas Cookies and Candy...and I am not done yet! But, the house smells good! For the first time in MANY years, the entire family will be together to celebrate Christmas Eve...all 17 of us at my house! So, yes, more cookies to be made....
They absorb oil and shine well and they also give my face a somewhat matte feel, but I'm not sure if they really minimize pores. Maybe it does a little bit over time, but it hasn't happened for me, haha! ;)
Time was enough
Bardwell, who said the state attorney general had warned him years ago that he would eventually get into trouble for refusing to perform interracial marriages, was undeterred.
The Bungalow by Sarah Jio
1c butter, softened
I want the stock to have better options for mounting something underneath. A foregrip and light combo, or a grip-pod. This comes with a rail underneath, and I have a rail already on top. And I know I can ring a 9 inch gong from 250 yards out if I have a rest or 'bipod.' So also good.
Onion, 1 pc, cut into slices
I got up from my desk, I could feel evey ones eyes staring at my back as I walked out the door and down to the Boys room. I tried my best to wash myself off and I must have been there for a while, because when I walked out I could see my Mom talking with the Nun outside the classroom. My little sister Isabel was there too, just sitting in her stroller staring at the Nun. We left early that day and as we walked along Fort Hamilton Parkway towards East 4th the Church bells started ringing.
The graphics in Trine 2 are detailed and the use of vivid colors and lighting makes are impressive. The backgrounds are lush and beautiful as they make the world feel large even though you move left and right. The attention of detail is outstanding when the developers could have cheated and repeated scenery and objects all throughout the game.
3. Know How to Give Great Answers to Common Job Interview Questions
Not every fairy tale begins with a prince or a princess.
Salary: Rs 1.80 lac-2 lac p.a + incentives.
Today I made a little set of cards using Onesie Twosie, a super sweet set illustrated by Nancy McKinney for the Whimsical Wishes line of stamps. This mini set of 19 images and sentiments is completely interchangeable for girls, boys, and twins!
So I sat reminising about this and getting blue, bluer still when I thought I saw the ghost of Boke the Cat.
Checking for previous VRTSvmpro installations… done
This week the family planted a 10km stretch of roadway leading out of Alexandria with roadsigns. It's all part of the educational campaign which they believe is needed to teach people the Ten Commandments all over again. The Ten Commandments are common to the three main faiths - Christian, Jewish and Islam - so there is a lot of scope for this campaign to make a difference worldwide, not only in South Africa.
And I have already bought my present for myself, if I see anything else I like I will have to buy it for the Head Chef. Only last night I was discussing with friends the concept of the 'house present' for husbands . . . and with that 'handy hint' I will leave you.
Suitably impressed, the trainer said he believed this dog could be trained to find drugs, bombs, bodies, anything.
Eye shadows - MAC 'Orange' Shiseido 'Violet Splendor' INGLOT Pigment '180' Peggy Sage
Court evidence also showed that the City still does not have other key approvals for the expressway project, including the authority to re-locate 7.6 kilometres of Red Hill Creek, and a permit to excavate 70,000 tonnes of the toxic Rennie Street dump which lies in the path of the proposed road.
With a technology like that, which can’t offer any new functions and just replicates old ones in a different form, ease of use is key to adoption. Unfortunately, contact lenses aren’t easy to use. They’re difficult to put in and fiddly to take out. They have to be kept in saline solution overnight. You can’t pop them in and quickly take them out – it’s a time consuming process. If I decide to use my laptop, I grab it and flip it open and my screen is ready to go. If I decide to use my contact lens HUD with wireless keyboard, I have to spend five minutes in a bathroom poking around at my eyeballs. Why bother?
Wendy: Did you want to stay in your chrysalis?
ascending the gangplank two by two,
Something I never knew was that Bell’s is the only major blended whisky to be aged for 8 years, so you’ll be drinking something a little bit special! Its steeped in history that includes Arthur J Bell and his two sons Arthur Kimmond Bell and Robert Duff Bell. His sons are responsible for expanding the product overseas and to trademark the now familiar ‘Arthur Bell & Sons’ and their motto ‘Afore ye go’.
iii. On account of the conduct of the supplier; or
It’s true; they simply adored blacks too.
It's that family togetherness, the minhagim and the brachot my parents bestowed upon one another and us children that I remember, that warm my heart, as I stand in shul, listen to the sounds of the shofar and pray for my voice/our voices to be heard.
Last week, I was on set to watch in action and interview long-time Sesame puppeteer Marty Robinson (stay tuned for the post about him!). A ways into the shoot, I was invited to come sit at the counter in Mr. Hooper's store to get a better view of the puppeteers. Sitting on the stools beside me were a man and a woman. The man was doing sketches of scenes with Sesame characters. Intrigued, I struck up a conversation.
19 April 2012
Fiddler on the Roof?
We pray for their birth family. It was the only way the hubby and I could forgive them for all they have done to harm our children. We don’t want our kids to be bitter. We don’t tell them a lot. But they remember a lot. We are honest with them, and sometimes we just have to tell them when they are older we can explain things better, that they are just too young to understand some things.
Administrator and technical lead for all development on the Microsoft SQL Server/BI environment including service products (SSIS, SSAS and SSRS), Performance Point, Sharepoint and Excel Services.
went anywhere without a thermometer,
Believe it or not, it's also time for a new Flourishes Timeless Tuesday ~ FTTC132. Cindy is hosting and she has challenged us to create a card with a *SENTIMENT OR VERSE* as a focal point.
07 A Liberal Education
Nothing you can do or say will break me down
The Top 5 Winners are:
I feel better now. Half of my fear was met yesterday when she told me that she was translating the post no matter what. The interesting part will be where we end up from here. Sigh, the issue of time. He has never been my friend.
1) Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
The Executive Chamber, State Capitol
Monday night we had our Photoshop Elements class and our instructor Michael shared some of the details of his week in Las Vegas at Movie.Con.
“Well you can hear them in that clearing at night. I didn’t believe it until I set up a tent in that small clearing and the skies are always so cloudy there, so you’re hard pressed to catch a glimpse.” She looked upwards as if in contrast. The sky here was clear and crisp; Derrek noticed for the first time that it was so different from the city, and even different from rural areas he had been in.
I'm pretty sure I still have the demo, but haven't unearthed it yet(or seen it in over a decade). This CD compiles the bands early stuff, including the demo. I love this stuff..raw silly sounding thrashed out punk hardcore.
Beneath these existential waves I drown in
The majority of my peers at IBOLC are younger than me, hovering around the age of 23. Many of them were just finishing elementary school on 9/11. They grew up with The War as a constant, something that began when they were barely cognizant of what was happening outside of their neighborhood. We fought in Iraq and Afghanistan and there was little reason to think that it would ever stop. At some point, they decided that the military was right for them. They waited patiently until they were old enough to enlist, and then chose to delay a few more years in order to go to school and join as an officer.
All colors shine brighter
19. more fish
in it there is no haste.
..... starting tomorrow maybe. I have hours of RHONJ, RHODC, Flipping out, Rachel Zoe, Sarah's house, Real Genevieve, Project Runway and Top Chef to catch up on. Shut up. I used to feel guilty about the amount of reality tv i watched considering my husband is an actor (whose job is perpetually endangered due to reality tv), but now that i'm in the unscripted Hollywood world (thanks to a reality show), i feel its my duty to give hours of my week to the best of the unscripted. For it is thee whom i love the most.
Seditions Act is a very useful tool. What is sedition, if you are charged, would be decided by a judge, and if you appeal further, a few judges. They decide it is not, and the very next day might find themselves transferred to career Siberia.
This past week we had dirt and six pallets of sod delivered to try to get areas that have never seen grass covered. It looks like it will take about two more pallets but it will look really nice once it is all done. Unfortunately, as we were trying to spread dirt and lay sod Friday and Saturday we had thunder storms and torrential down pours. It did make having mud fights with the boys a lot easier.
The main thing is
We talked about Leprechaun traps and Kenzie said he wanted to make one but it would have to be safe and not hurt him!
xoxo-a
Approximently 1 cup of noodles (I used gluten-free)
Of course, I could have read the label. 20 grams of sugar in a spoonful – that’s a couple of bowls of Lucky Charms cereal with extra marshmallows and sugar added. No wonder I felt so strange after my Nutella and Red Bull breakfast. At least I didn’t feed my four year old the stuff like the mother who filed the lawsuit against Nutella maker Ferrero, the fine Italian chocolatier. I actually don’t have a four year old and it was my 19 year who turned me onto the stuff.
A range of Dermalogica products (which also includes hand cream)
by Michelle Paver
You will probably have to do a bit of clean up and adjustment at this point, readjusting the zipper, erasing bits of the orange half from the apple, etc.
There are many entertainment magazines in the UK, but I decided to select heatworld (the online partner with heat magazine) as an option on my poll, due to it’s large online presence on social networking sites such as Twitter. Its website is also very well established and is updated regularly. However, only 9% of the participants on my blog use it as their main source of entertainment news. This could be because of the range of other websites online, or because of the competitive market within entertainment magazines, and other options may be available.
I also knit up a few face/spa cloths using some nice soft cotton yarns I found on sale at Tuesday Morning (a very dangerous place for me to shop, if you know what I mean). One of these made for some relaxing vacation knitting while I was at Clear Lake in early May.
—-What do birthdays mean to you?
A little late to this, but I have been busy with exploits that shall yield many intersting blog posts whenever I find time to write them - stay tuned. I have been lax with the news of fresh hop beers, one of my favorite craft beer products, but I have now had enough that I am ready to give a short synopsis. It is not a completely useless endeavor, I think there are still a number of them on tap and in the bottle so there is still time to get your fix in quickly before the winter ale season begins in earnest.
He imagines a Britain where our agricultural system is run like a Soviet collective. Everything is controlled by the state, everyone involved is employed by the state, all supplies are directed centrally. He then develops this crazy fantasy. The government decides on reform to allow farmers to choose between suppliers. He describes the response to this suggestion as follows...
*Which is, of course, precisely why I started The Potty Diaries nearly 5 years ago - to find the funny side in stuff that would otherwise drive me crazy...
The following information concerning the new Portuguese law on the settlement of disputes involving reference medicines and generic medicines comes from a fellow blogger, the excellent Pedro Malaquias (PLMJ, Portugal), who prefaces it with two disclaimers. First, he is a trainee lawyer whose firm represents several generic companies in litigation procedures against originators. Secondly, the views he expresses are his own and do not necessarily represent the views of any other people or organizations.
5 1/2″ Ice Cream
"Kids are gonna eat treats, right? So we have to find a way to make treats okay," Kass adds.
stayed at. It would be interesting to see the staff side of the
You’re the Coliseum.
The only legal party in the U.S.S.R. is the Communist Party; the only legal opinion is that expressed by the Secretariat. No Communist political program ever prescribed the suppress of rival workers’ and peasants’ parties, nor did it forbid divergencies of opinion in the Party. On the contrary, seven weeks before the October Revolution, Lenin made the following statement, which here is quoted word for word: “Alone the power of the Soviets could ensure a widespread, constant development of revolutionary influence, a peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets” (September 14, 1917: One of the fundamental questions of the Revolution). A little later, he repeated this: “The parties’ struggle for power may be peacefully carried on in the heart of the Soviets, provided that the latter desist from distorting democratic principles: (September 16 1927: The bugbear of civil war). The ideas of Lenin, the theorist of Bolshevism and the founder of the Soviet Republic, are limpid clear. Moreover, when the country was in the grip of war and the Soviet regime was passing through a most critical period, political parties like the Mensheviks, Socialist Revolutionaries of the Left, Ukranian Borotbists, the Bund, and various anarchist groups, which did not oppose the system with force of arms, all enjoyed a legal existence. Their disappearance was the logical result of the war and of civil strife, which culminated in a paroxysm of fury and a reign of terror; but their suppression should have been but of a temporary nature, like terror and warfare themselves. The danger of war once over, the Revolution moved forward along the paths of peace and Lenin’s program once more became an actuality and should have recovered strength and meaning: peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets. But Tomsky, a member of the Political Bureau and President of the Party Secretariat and of the Central Council of Trades Unions, made the following pronouncement on the matter: “The main difference between the Party systems in Western Europe and in Russia, is that, with us, only one thing is possible: one party is in power and all the rest are in prison” (“Trud“, November 13 1927). Such was the progress made between 1917 and 1927. Lenin had spoken of a peaceful rivalry of parties within the Soviets, but Tomsky declared that one party was in power and the rest were in prison. The inevitable perpetuation of this method of government had led to the imprisonment and deportation of all those who actively opposed the Secretariat of the Party; amongst them were Lenin’s most faithful comrades in arms, headed by Trotsky.
Make visible the beauty, the strength or whatever you wish to share about bubbles.
As we walked towards the Church of San Sebastian, we felt so downhearted that this church had to be painted this flimsy green hue. It is made of a steel frame and panels and is known for being the only neo-gothic steel church in the Philippines and in Asia. The minty green shade certainly does not give it justice.
Large parts of El Salvador are without power or clean water and remain cut off from government aid because of collapsed bridges and washed-up roads
Merci
I know I ranted and maybe I do mean to point the finger a little bit. I feel it is our responsibility at moms and dads to help our kids this way. I’m sure I’m not the only one. What do you do in your house to encourage healthy eating? Do you have a favorite trick? (this rant could be followed up with the terrible snacks they serve at preschool or the awful and disgusting treats people send in for birthdays in school! Munchkins first ingredient isn’t sugar, so they are ok?? UGH!).
The thrift store - now that's a good one to put on.
Thea is officially a spinster. After a few seasons attempting to garner attention with youth and ribbons and no dowery to speak of Thea left the ballrooms of the country and settled into life as a Vicar’s sister. She spends her days writing her brother’s sermons and keeping her nose in a book. Many a fine hour is spent in quiet study of the latest tomes.
You know how it is with an April day.
it would be our debt He paid.
Location Address:
Peter Som, how to begin. Over the last decade Peter Som was a part of the young crop of designers that took the industry by storm. Yet, it must be admitted that perhaps in the last few years Som's name has been overshadowed if only ever so slightly by other phenoms like Wang, Lim, and Wu--not anymore. Som's A/W 2010 collection was the toast of New York. The collection was a psychedelic trip through a winter that is nothing if not incredibly fun. Som came out of the gate very cautiously with a fur coat showing signs of what the collection was to contain--the coat was lined with a wild green print while the blouse, skirt prints were incredibly complimentary.
"Hey, BB, I can speak Italian," Pie told me as she walked into the kitchen on arriving home from school.
Accessories: stitched poly ribbon, pink bling
Now, please, without further adieu…ENJOY the best anti-gay video I have ever seen.
T-shirt - also Target.....I rarely wear it because it has weird length sleeves....but its perfect under a cardi.
Oh, and of course, this is going to be my musical link up with Goodnight Moon for he music hop tomorrow :D Head over later tonight or in the morning to hear all kinds of fabulous music!
Sakura Glaze: White
Have you ever had a project that was so daunting that you put it off...and put it off again? That is how I have felt about my wedding scrapbook. I am obviously an avid scrapbooker so people assume I would have finished months ago but I am just so intimated by it that for the last ten months all I had done was buy the paper! I mean how do you go about picking pictures when you have over 800 images and you love 110% of them! So a few weeks ago, with the help of my friend Michelle, I FINALLY got started on a layout. I started with a sketch by Becky Fleck and some beautiful paper I bought by the ton by Pebbles.
If you cant deal with then then get out of the EDL.
excessively complaining about our extracurricular activities while secretly enjoying them
Here's the answer:
Location awareness is a key component to the success of mobile marketing. What better way to take advantage of consumers engaging with brands on the go than catering advertising to their precise position? Brands are able to interact with their consumers immediately and effectively by relaying information that is timely. Relevancy goes hand in hand with social CRM research – making audiences, messages, timing and place all relevant for the consumers’ sake and your brand’s effectiveness. Knowing where your consumers are is becoming as increasingly important as what your consumers want.
Izzat Skip? Izzat Skip decorating the Fox's tree?
“Our motto will be, ‘What would Jesus do?’ Our aim will be to act as He would if He was in our places, regardless of immediate results. In other words, we propose to follow Jesus’ steps as closely and as literally as we believe He taught His disciples to do” (Charles M. Sheldon. In His Steps—first published in 1897 (Old Tappan, NJ: Spire Books, published by Pyramid Publications, Inc. for the Fleming H. Revell Company, 1963, p. 16).
After arranging for the guide, they made me wear a sarong like most of the visitors. Only the schoolchildren were not wearing sarongs. I’m not sure what the rule is, but it’s all cool.
Of course I think you should watch this film if you haven’t already. It is clever and witty and includes all the little details that make a movie worth watching and re-watching.
"American officials," Risen writes, "say the Karzais and a handful of other well-connected familieshave benefited from the billions of dollars that the United States has poured into the country since 2001. That money has helped pay the salaries of some Karzais who are government employees, kick-started real estate development and construction projects involving family members and created demand for businesses tied to the Karzais.
to Colossa, to retrieve a magic lamp that the
Accessories: epoxy strip, rhinestones
First up: Ants, I took this on the way home from picking Coleen up from school one afternoon last week. There was a huge pile of Ants on the sidewalk so I thought it would be fun to take a Macro shot of them. After I viewed the picture on the screen I was surprised to see that the ants had captured a grasshopper and we're all in a frenzy over their kill.
18. Boys don’t use as much deodarent.
when I go down to the Zoo!
- love love love puppies !
· People from Siebel CRM / Payroll / HR domain experience would be preferred.
* Bands
First up is the Love Multiplied iPad3 Giveaway for the Spitz family to bring home their princess Lilianna. I shared this giveaway once already, but this family could really use our help. This is their third trip across the ocean to bring home a little one in two years. They need us. They're obedience and faith is humbling and I long to see this mountain moved. They're busy taking care of their family and the paperwork to get to Lilianna, let's help take care of the finances for them. Lilianna is just precious. Don't believe me, see for yourself...
Our daughter is very near to earning her high school diploma and also wants to persue a career in the EMT or medical field....
Serve with fresh egg noodles (blanched) and watercress, bok choy, yu choy or iceberg lettuce (I prefer watercress, it's peppery taste goes well with the duck).
You’re Not Alone, Saosin – Things change for Joy when she meets Creed, May, and Santos. But there are challenges even in finding a new family, especially when they have secrets of their own.
Blue Scholar Blog: Do you have anything else to add?
And in a restaurant kitchen there are certain guidelines and rules that you cannot break. Maybe bend a little, but not break. You need to have order and organisation. You tend to need to have some consistency in your food, cos old matey aint gonna keep comin’ back if you can’t make his food quality each time, is he?
Cost of the Artistic Journey 2012 is $295.00.
My almost 5 year old neighbor, Rebecca - the one I drive home from preschool four days a week and whom I have babysat, played with, and known since birth - leaned over toward my Audrey and said with complete seriousness: "Audrey.... is that your Mom?"
We'll never know if different care would have changed the outcome. Maybe it would have been the same and he would have died no matter what we did. But maybe he would have had a chance if I'd been more knowledgeable; if she'd have been more aggressive.
They're actually boxed brownies taken up a notch!
which phase?
When the music finally stopped and we are able to grab a few hours of sleep, we awoke on Saturday and tackled our first decision of the day…what to have for breakfast. Now, if this was some foodie-and-travel blog, I would tell you what we had, how to prepare it, and even post some FAB photos of it complete with creative lighting and maybe even a well-placed fork.
In very small print (at the bottom of the page) was this remark: Jesus’ faithful disciples were ordinary men who became extraordinary because of Jesus Christ. Despite their confusion and lack of understanding during Jesus life-time, they became powerful witnesses to His resurrection. Their lives were transformed by God’s Power. The story of Jesus, disciples does not end with the Gospels; it continues in the book of Acts and many of the letters.
Coordinating childcare for this event has really helped to revitalize my hope for our collective, for Baltimore 'radicals' and for the world (okay may that's over stating it).
Turns out there was a suspicious suitcase parked on the Jay Street sidewalk behind the Marriott. It also turns out, according to the Brooklyn Eagle, that the same building houses the Brooklyn District Attorney’s Office, the New York City Law Department and the Secret Service! So an unattended suitcase probably caught someone's eye pretty quick.
As always the best in-depth coverage will be on TomVille Tonight.
* Spirituality and Communication
Do you know that you can preserve enormous cash in the Internet plan if you think about making web visitors from google.
Staying within the budget
The Secret People by G. K. Chesterton
2010.08.11 Pakistan Karachi 2 0 Two Shias are shot to death by Sunnis in separate drive-by attacks.
BOSCHKOP, Pretoria, South Africa, April 11 2009 – A Dutch immigrant couple from the Utrecht region who had emigrated to South Africa in 1982 to run a dairy farm, was murdered on Easter Friday, April 10 2009. The farmer, 63-year-old Johannes van den Bosch, was bludgeoned to death while milking the cows early that morning.
“Freezing Nights” is an ecumenical shelter ministry for homeless people. Since 2004, it has provided a place for those without shelter to sleep and receive food during winter months. A different church takes on each night of the week.
"I don't know him, Uncle Slappy." I settled into my chair, put my feet up on the ottoman and got ready to hear one of Slappy's Byzantine legends.
Mr D nodded, taking his glasses off and tiredly wiped the tears from his eyes. Then with articulated care, he picked up his cup, took a sip and placed it back on the table, his every movement riddled with intense pain.
Artist : “That, sir, is a cow grazing”
For many immersed in a culture where vinyasa yoga is more readily associated with a New York Sports Club than a Hindu temple, the origin matters little. And for some of the devout living here, the American conception has overridden the beliefs with which they were raised.
The sun is low now, and the light is gold. We finish shooting.
Apparently it does stuff I haven't done with it, watch movies or something.
I wanted to buy the entire store but I settled for a few new things for our apartment. It definitely needed a little revamping. I promise I am going to post some photos soon. ;)
I’m scared; I’m sweating
Day after day Joe has been crawling around on the shed roof amongst the mulberry leaves, searching for any sign of new growth. It is one thing seeing your grown man climb a mulberry tree, it is altogether another thing to hear a grown man sobbing in a mulberry tree. Oh well, our mulberry tarts and smoothies for the challenge will simply have to be struck off the menu. On the upside, it means that we wont be able to make any mulberry wine this season. Shucks!
“And, I, ladies, am more happy to see you than I care to admit. I must say your timing is rather impeccable. I think you saved me from a rather painful end. But, how did you get here?”
The study is on distracting sins. The first chapter is on pride…so we will go through some verses on the rewards of relying on God and the hardships of pride.
“MIKE CHECK” “MIKE CHECK” “MIKE CHECK” This is how you take the floor during the general assembly. “DIRECT RESPONSE” “DIRECT RESPONSE” With a little chutzpah and these two phrases an individual can control the discussion. Is it expedient, yes at times it works and can be used to make group decisions which the majority can understand and decide upon quickly. Many decisions such as how to clean the plaza, to occupy city hall, or call for a general strike, move a crowed to form a strike line, or deciding to march left or right can be accomplished by this method.
1/2 onions, sliced
Through solitude, our spirit, soul, and body are refreshed and nourished, but then we must return to the world and the company of others. Like Jesus, we must come down from the mountain and feed the crowds. We must do the good work. We must demonstrate our love for God and for others in tangible ways. We must be the salt of the earth. We must let our light shine.
Behe’s book was a serious blow to Darwinism. In fact, Peter van Inwagen, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame, stresses the importance of the book in this manner:
No, no. Of course not. Rachel needed to purge the idea from her very soul. She knew that. Kidding herself otherwise would just get her hurt...very hurt.
I sense that the far right thinks it needs a win only once every few election cycles, combined with a relentless campaign of demonization, legislative obstruction, and litigation at all other times, to score a net advance for the cause of the right. If you live in Wisconsin, Michigan, Florida, Ohio, or Maine, tell me: does that sound about right? If righties think that, can we really say they're crazy, given how quickly they can pass extreme legislation when they do gain power, and how much obstruction they're capable of at other times?
My LQS always has some treasures that are out-of-print, and this one is no exception. For this prize, I'm offering one yard of fabric--four fat quarters of Luna II by Maywood Studios. These luscious chocolates will make a delicious little treat, or a lovely addition to your stash!
A compendium of all the best quilt photography on the web.
I had a wonderful Saturday with my girlfriend Kristin.
As-salamu alaikum brothers and sisters,
off to the south
Pakatan Rakyat pattern to condone heckling against BN leaders
Background -
The context for our first steps into the Vietnam morass was the Cold War and the doctrine of containment adopted by the Truman Administration in hopes of halting Soviet expansion in Central and Eastern Europe. Despite the terrifying fact that the Russians somehow had developed their own atomic bomb by 1949, the Cold War in Europe soon reached a stalemate. By that time, however, we perceived a similar Communist threat orchestrated, we were sure, from the Kremlin, in Asia. China “fell” to Mao Zedong’s Red Army in 1949; tensions between Communist North Korea and anti-Communist South Korea were about to explode. Meanwhile, the U.S. itself was in the throes of a second “Red Scare” that would produce a Commie-hunting, demagogic Republican Senator from Wisconsin, Joseph R. McCarthy.
Yesterday we woke to a beautiful morning, it was the sort of day that you just had to go out and be part of, the sights & sounds of nature springing back into life in the warmth after its winter sleep, I so love this time of year.
What's left to do? There's an important subplot that I've only hinted at in this rough draft, a couple of relationships not explored, and two characters who don't do much except service the main storyline at present. I'm hoping to strengthen these elements in the script today to truly 'complete' this rough for the end of April.
Three of my favorite movies to watch are:
well.... somehow we missed our train, so we had to wait for another bit.
Be alert about new trends, new possibilities and fortune tellers – not everything is a need and not everything is evil. Make your own mind and see what makes only you outstanding.
Kit includes the following:
Since 1941, Mexico was home to the nasty dirty “secret” of a nasty dirty man –better said, a priest– who founded a kiddie-diddling sect called the Legionnaires of Christ and proclaimed himself head kiddie diddler. And for the following decades right up to 2006, diligently diddle did he, with the seminarists lined up to witness the miracle of the divine rod. In a sane society, a man like this would be castrated and locked away to rot. In the roamin’ church, however, such behavior is so standard that no-one bats an eyelid… except maybe the seminarists, at least the first time.
Benjamin Franklin said, “God helps those who help themselves”, and over the years most think that is in the Bible. John Wesley, the founder of Methodism says, “Cleanliness is next to godliness”, and we think that’s somewhere in the Bible, too.
Several newspapers such as the Mint and the ET have recently reported on how the Supreme Court has rejected Hilton’s appeal against an adverse judgment passed by a District Court in Rajasthan last year. We have blogged previously about the judgment over here and here. It is likely though that both newspapers have been slightly inaccurate in their reporting. Both news reports seem to suggest that the order of the Supreme Court upholds the decision of the District Court.
A country that is all the ways you choose to live
Like eating a well done fillet steak it may take moment to digest that news.
the girl in the sandbox."
The Built-In Dual Cooling Fan put into these amps will keep them running all day and night, at a cool temperature to ensure the amp lasts a long time, and operates smoothly at all tim… Read More >>
Location: First Street Corner Third Street
Here are some questions for Elizabeth Warren. What are the chances that she would answer any of them?1. Do you favor racial preferences in university hiring and admissions? In the corporate world? In federal contracting? How about in government lending policies?
Morgana - Lady Godiva (applied to inner lid with MAC 239 by patting)
Someone will fail you.
Bird-watching is a very interesting hobby that I have. Bird-watchers are looked at weirdly at school gatherings, just like people who want to tell you about school-work the whole time. To put it plainly, bird-watching isn’t the “in thing” amongst young people. It’s a pity though, because bird-watching can really be fun.
Tickets are still available for The Salvation Army Women’s Auxiliary 24th Annual Celebration of Hope “Dignity Within Reach” luncheon on Sept. 20 at the Oak Tree Country Club,700 Country Club Drive in Edmond.
Okay. So that’ll probably never happen, but I just feel as though that attention gets a little old. People need their space. I’ve missed out on a number of opportunities just so I wouldn’t be a bother. Last semester, I stood face-to-face with Southern-rock god and influential storyteller, Mike Cooley from the Drive-by Truckers. He was wandering around downtown Tuscaloosa before DBT’s show back in September of last year. I was standing outside Rooster’s Blues House with my manager, Scott, handing out flyers to passer-bys when Cooley walked up. There I was, all googly-eyed and unable to utter a sound except for a barely audible “Hi.” I stared and smiled as he talked with Scott about the night’s show (see, Rooster’s hosted the DBT show at the Bama Theatre. I felt honored). Eventually, Cooley heads off and I wave goodbye, regretting my inability to ask for his autograph. Scott didn’t even realize who he had been talking to for the past three minutes. Of course I made sure to fill him in, including my confession of obsession. I’m still mad at myself to this day. I didn’t look cool. I just looked crazy.
Lucky 7 MEME was initially created for writers and so here are the rules:
Bob: How can people get contact you today if they have any questions or want to talk further about your comments today?
We relaxed at the hotel before meeting Paula at Star Noodle. She had been on Maui a few days and was heading home in the evening, so we met her for an early dinner. Reservations are not accepted, so it was good we arrived early (5:45pm). The place was full within the hour. Located in an industrial park, I guess only those “in the know” know about this place. I wouldn’t have found it unless told or read about it. The room is large with a communal table in the center and smaller tables for 2 to 6 people. From the windows you could look out towards the sunset.
This book is why I started blogging... to save the memories.
Since it was created, the phrase “Get off the phone!” has been yelled throughout households all around the world. Whether you had chores to do, homework, or you were just running up the bill, you had to get off the phone.
Since I have most of the ingredients ready, I might as well have pizza for lunch.
so very briskly
Married: September 1, 1982 2nd- Alan Keith Thingpen
Test tube studies conducted by the Agricultural Research Service of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) suggest that lutein may be just as effective at combating free radicals as vitamin E, which is a potent antioxidant.
on the magic button below and it will take you directly to a shopping cart that contains everything you would need to make it. Once there, you can simply and easily remove any of the items that you already have in your craft stash.
Time for a savoury dish again. It suddenly got very cold here over the weekend so out come the chilies to warm us up. First time I heard about Huevos Rancheros was on Jamie Oliver's TV show 'JAMIE'S AMERICA'. His version of this classic Mexican dish called for the eggs to be poached in the tomato chili sauce rather than top the sauce with a fried egg and this is what we incorporated in to our version as well. This recipe is great for breakfast or when you have brunch with friends as you can prepare the sauce in advance (or even make a lot and freeze some) and then just heat it up and poach your eggs. I am not a big fan of runny egg yolk so mine are usually well done but just cook them for a shorter time if you like them wobbly and runny.
If you have a chance to visit "Fashioning Fashion" at the Resnick Pavilion, be sure to purchase the beautiful book that accompanies the exhibition. It would make a great coffee table book or a very special holiday gift.
Beekman, E. M. “Raymond Chandler and an American Genre.” The Massachusetts Review 14, no. 1 (1973): 149-173.
I didn’t really forget. I just couldn’t figure out a way to paint the side of the vanity that faced the tub. Who was going to see it from that angle anyway? I’ll tell you who, Paul.
It's always interesting to see the top phrases people Google to find me. It's usually several of the 16 & Pregnant couples (Izabella and Jairo are the most popular one). But I've also been found by "men in kilts will kick your ass," "redneck ladies" (please GOD do not let that be someone looking for redneck p*rn because that's kind of what it sounds like to me), and "epic birthday cake."
-I watched Martha Marcy Mae Marlene and became obsessed with Elizabeth Olsen and her haircut, so I copied her and chopped off all my hair, having a lot of fun with my new 'do.
Sponges and guinea pigs these kids are, as this year they’re taking part in a big and exciting experiment to prove that this level of technology can work on a much larger scale. Mrs. Lemon and her classroom have taken a giant leap this year working with her iPads and have laid the groundwork for hopefully continued use of technology in the Natick schools for years to come.
I wouldn't always be friends with me... if it were me....
Paul Krugman, a better economist than political analyst, takes aim at the idea that Obama “overreached by focusing on health care rather than job creation during a severe recession,” but his own chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, and lesser voices were warning back then that the spectacle of a long, messy fight over a monstrous abortion of a bill, whose effects were in the future, would be a Pyrrhic victory and turn off voters not only on the issue at hand but the workings of government as well.
And it was fantastic!
I am going to start the year with a Thank You card. I created it using Magnolia's Tilda with Candy Cone" from the "Sweet Christmas Dreams Collection 2011". It was coloured with Copics Sketch Markers. I also used Kaiser Craft Paper Pad, Christmas Carnival Collection. The card was embellished with ribbon and Melissa Frances Trinkets & Baubles.
the best reporter I’ve ever known. You get to the heart of the story like
And with the glass empty, spring is unequivocably upon us, bringing the first of the season's Irish beer festivals. Chances are you'll find me down at George's Dock where the St. Patrick's Craft Beer Festival runs until Monday. If you fancy doing your bit to reclaim our national day from a certain foreign multinational corporation, join me there.
Looking back on all the stuff I’ve done so far, I must say I’m incredibly proud of myself. I had no idea I was capable of being so creative. Each and every one of these projects was the result of hard work and determination and I am just elated that I can say that I created them. I really think that it’s hard to be this creative all the time, but when you really force yourself to think out of the box and you make up your mind to do what is asked of you, it really is possible. I know I probably could have done them more on time and with better quality, but there’s always room for improvement. I just hope when you, my audience and peers, see these projects, Kleenex as a brand really does jump out at you, more that the quality of the product. That is the idea behind all of this; Kleenex.
5. Pale Blue Eyes
‘First of all, Kevin, well done! I read your typescript in one sitting – at a gulp – because I was genuinely absorbed by the story…’
There were a total of 15 Boer Republics.
I am totally involved with the characters,
As an Independent Affiliate, you can qualify to earn in the Global Rewards and you can earn on the commissionable volume in your affiliate organization through 9 levels. Dynamic compression is applied.
It's what I'm going to tell myself when I stand up in front of a group of strangers in April to give a presentation at a local museum.
I encourage you to take the harder path... we all know it's easiest to give your AS child what he wants, what he will actually eat, but I promise you- they are not going to fall over dead if they eat a bean.
dry bread everyday...even if it is a slice or two
Just some thoughts on a pretty hectic day...
Sunday morning was a soaker. There was hysteria on the airwaves, accidents and tragedy on the road.
I arrived to my village on a Friday afternoon. The Sunday before, Rashid (age 29) was visiting some of his extended family who lives in my town and saw my host sister on the roof. His mother grew up in this village but moved to Khemisset, the nearest city from here, when she got married many years ago. She and my host mother were childhood friends and when Rashid expressed interest in marrying Fatima-Zahra, his mother approved (his father is now deceased). Rashid’s mother came to the house to confer with my host parents about an engagement. My host parents then asked my host sister what she wanted to do. As Fatima-Zahra put it, “Why not? I don’t have another boyfriend and I want to get married. He has a steady job, house, and makes good money to support me and a family.” So she agreed to an engagement.
Funeral directors in Dover, England said they carried out the last wish of a British man who died from emphysema by placing signs on his hearse reading: "Smoking Killed Me."
The third dream was not positive, I was watching the news on TV, and there was a story about a family (The McDonalds or Mc(Somethings) or something like that) who were attacked in a cinema or theater by a man; and the man escaped, and the police were still looking for the man.
So, I've finished my latest knitting project, with which I'm pleased.
In middle school, I went through that awkward phase where I just tried really hard not to be ugly (it was a losing battle).
But what is this chemical fizz like? Bloody lovely. Fruity, fizzy with a nice thicker mouthfeel you don’t quiet get from real proper alcopops. If an alcopop is a sorbet, this is a scoop of ice cream. One of these days I might bother to try an actual sour lambic beer but as the popular style is to fruit them up to make them palatable I’m not looking forward to it. It’s the sugar and the chemicals that make it so nice.
Who is The Prisoner now? It's the copyright owner. But the "village" is bigger than that. Generated by the writers, actors, musicians, the "village" is in danger, too. Sure, George Clooney is rich. But the staff on a movie set are not. So what happens. Clooney's movie is given away on every torrent. He still gets a fortune and his CEO's do. But union members get laid off, and the grips, the make-up assistants, the guys who shlep scenery…don't get work because the jobs are farmed out to Canada or Romania somewhere, and staffed by minimum-wagers, just like the ones at the Nike and Apple factories in China. California movie union people are as screwed as guys picking lettuce in a field in Barstow. It goes overseas. Or not at all; notice how few movies are being made. How few TV shows. How few albums. It's reality shows, cheap cartoons and a bunch of rap assholes using auto-tune and ProTools. "Find a new paradigm."
“I await your reply. Did it happen just when
Since the introduction of the Australian government's maternity reform package, new career opportunities are being opened up for midwives who want to practise privately. Midwives have obtained their Medicare eligibility notation, and hung up their shingles (set up web pages and social media sites). Here's a quick overview of what is required to get to this point in a midwifery career:
A friend told me how much he loves them & I see so many other running friends who just cant speak enough about them. I figured I would try them.. especially because I hate running shoes on the treadmill - they just feel 'clunky' on them so that's going to be a starting point for me. I'm definitely sticking with my Saucony's for the race in 2 weeks.
I had to straighten and move things to make room for it. Which made alley's and tunnels for bunnies to run and hide. Dammit and Betty had a fine time making plans that first night.
Yeah Yeah, EVERYONE loves dogs, I’m nothing special. Oh wait, I am. I creep people out on a regular basis as I approach them with a huge smile and say, “hey cute stuff.”
Here are the Car Keys!
The law is ruling overtime in China, and doing so under several spotlights that cast it in an uneven light.
You don’t have to look down
latest urdu news,urdu newspaper,daily urdu news, Islamic news,urdu khabrain,Islamic urdu site,urdu sites,world news,india Pakistan news,Arabic country news, urdu news, urdu articles, urdu magazine, urdu in devnagri, urdu ghazal, urdu poetry,urdu website,
The rising ladder tore out the overhead wires and put out the electricity and disconnected the telephones in a ten-square city block area (but they did get the house fire out).
MacLennan also throughout the book contemplates what it means to be Canadian: Neither a (U.S.) American nor British. But must a Canadian define himself only by what he is not? And what is Canada's destiny in the world? A bridge between its southern neighbor and the Old World, perhaps. He ponders whether Canada would rise to be one of the great nations of the world after Europe exhausted itself in war.
Choline Bitartrate – See Lecithin.
I'm a fan of Graham Sanders' podcast "Craft Brewer Radio." A few weeks ago, he gave a recipe for a beer he liked. He wound up injuring himself during the course of the brew day, hence the name of the beer. His was a lager, but mine will be an ale, using some clean fermenting ale yeast.
A couple things in the works. I'm going to try to secure a teaching "gig" at the Colorado Free University about beer. It won't (really can't) be too in-depth, but hopefully it will create a buzz. My reviews have surpassed the 840 mark and the rate is picking up as I finally have a car (no, not to drink and drive, but now I can go to the big stores far away and purchase the goods). The release party of Avery's Maharaja IPA is this Friday, so I'll be hitting that.
Do you know what you would talk about at a dinner party where work talk was forbidden – with colleagues, no less? It was an eye-opening experience. I was reminded of my summer spent in France, when I had to learn how to introduce myself without referencing my profession. They just don’t like to talk about work over there – at least, not until a relationship has been established. To hijack a social encounter with professional talk is considered rude. I remember the feeling of profound cognitive dissonance when a certain man (with kind eyes and a nice smile) put a finger to my lips, silencing my chatter, and asked me to tell him who I was – not what I did. I found his question incredibly difficult to answer, and not just because of the language barrier.
And, here is the result :
returns to the common source.
(Legal in Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama)
The number of mothers who smoked fell from 25.4% to 18.8% after the new law was brought in, researchers discovered.
Location: House in Pao
Any other books in the works? Goals for future projects?
3. Post a link to our giveaway on Facebook and leave the link in the comments below.
The papers and edge punch are from stampin up,The heart die cut is made using a memory box die,The fantastic ribbon buckle,organza ribbon,charms,buttons and pearls are all from meiflower crafts.
I used: Echo Park 'Victoria Gardens' papers... and that's it!! I made the stars with auto-shapes in MS Word. With the busy papers, no other embellishment was needed, though I couldn't resist a touch of K-style doodling around the edges.
A Mexican woman claims to be pregnant with nine babies – just months after she gave birth to triplets.
We were at a kiddy birthday party some months ago and either the Brat or the Bean ( I forget which one) came running out screaming, ’We’re playing doctor and look what X is doing to Y’. All of us parents froze in that one second and you could feel the tension in the room. Playing doctor? Thankfully we were all sensible enough not to rush into the room together and make a big deal. Another parent and I casually strolled into the nursery and the rest waited nervously for news.
-ad networks - requirements, recommendations,etc
“In the aftermath of the Quiet Revolution, they didn’t know how to respond and quite how to read the Church’s role in society,” he said.
I learned way more about vampires in one night than I ever wanted to know in the space of ten lifetimes. o_O I hate to say this, but it was kinda intriguing. I mean, there were vampires before Twilight, people..... they were actually interesting once. :P They're actually pretty sad. I want to write some weird redemptive vampire story now.....
...Thus, Article I gives Congress only certain legislative powers “herein granted,” Articles II and III check those powers, and the Tenth Amendment emphasizes that all other powers remain with those who breathed life into the new government in the first place: the sovereign “people of the United States.” The Framers believed that limiting federal power, and reserving the “residual” power in the hands of the states and the people would help “ensure protection of our fundamental liberties” and “reduce the risk of tyranny and abuse.”
So, I’ve been reading a kindle. You know me—this is a shocking event. Family members come into the room where I’m reading and stop in stunned disbelief, saying I look weird reading that little piece of plastic.
Shoes - Clarks (Wear 1)
Her friend rushed into the reception area on foot for help as Miss Davis's asthma attack worsened, but was told to call an ambulance. By the time she returned to the car, the Liverpool University student had collapsed. She later died at the Royal.
But I got the bronchitis last week and went to the doctor. They did some tests and have determined I have COPD as well. They gave me anti-biotics and some kind of inhaler.
The taste is much better then in the oven! Should I make a blogpost
I am not a Christian but all of this is enough to make me wish Jesus would come back right this instant and yank so many of his followers' heads out of their asses. But I have a hunch we're just going to have to let this play out, and the ride is not going to be one of joy.
I love my Karate Ali,
2 medium/large tomatoes
When I found out how endangered they were and that someone was trying to help, I decided to give 10% of product sales to those helping with their recovery.
We have Martin and Sarah this afternoon with baby Liliya...perhaps they'll distract me sufficiently to be able to recall my first thoughts and feelings of today.
Which is why I forgot the very thing that made me write the SINCE I BECAME A MOM post, the one thing that triggered my mind into thinking about all the things that have changed...it just flew right out of my head. And believe it or not, wine did not have anything to do with me forgetting...this time. =)
Hungover
Top Copyright Photo: Mark Durbin.
But ... for now, I'm working on a holiday palette ruled mostly by greens and whites ... okay, a few pops of red may show up here or there. Coming soon!
You gotta fly, fly, fly, way off the ground.
I still find myself a little bit crazy for volunteering to take on such a feat as the youth group, but I realize that they’re worth it. Trust me, in the last week, I’ve had some freakouts about things like in particular the 30 Hour Famine. I’m finding that I’m really bad at event planning. Is there a class on this somewhere? I even wanted to give up, but there’s something that won’t let me give up and I think it has a lot to do with my passion for the teens at my church. I can’t give up on them. That and I got the 30 Hour Famine box the other day, which renewed my strength that yes, I can do this somehow, some way.
Ah, but you were right it was perfect as I got in behind the wheel.
The March Round Robin challenge is almost over as week 4 layouts will be posted on Monday. It's been such an adorable challenge using baby pictures as the twist. I was just squealing with cute overload when I saw Christy's sweet layout featuring her daughter:
its sap was known to have natural healing properties to calm an upset stomach –
I also discovered that there are actually Tamil digits that have been put into Unicode. You can see them here. (And here too) I don’t know about Tamil digits much, but aren’t most of these Tamil letters as well? Now, the Unicode character code points are different, but how can the reader know the difference? For instance, the Tamil digit 1 (௧) has Unicode code point U+0BE7 and the character “ka” (க) has the Unicode code point U+0B95 but can you spot it? They are essentially the same character! Maybe you need to specifically indicate you’re writing a number, just to avoid confusion! But then again, like Sinhala digits, I doubt anyone ever uses them! Well maybe a few eccentric people do…
On Monday evening I was invited to the launch of the Chic 2012 restaurant guide. Chic? I confess. I’d never heard of it so it was with great intrigue that I attended the event. There was one small hitch in the launch. The guide itself hadn’t been printed in time so as I write I am awaiting my copy in the post but in the meantime I decided to find out a little bit more about these charming chefs and not least their cooking capabilities at Monday’s aperitivo.
For about a month now there has been at least one call a day asking about how the thermostat works. No amount of explanation sticks. It is a butt simple digital version with 2 numbers, the Set number and the Room's temperature. There is Up and down Buttons for changing the target temperature in the Set, and a switch to go from Fan Auto to Fan On. And of course the Heat/Off/Cool switch.
When they do a good things:pat, kiss, day thankyou, duaa
Purple loosestrife
Slice pound cake into cubes; set aside.
But we cannot simply put the words “pursue your passions” in a cookie jar up on the shelf and expect our kids to take a bite - “Hey, pursue your passions, they’re right up there.” We need to put those words into action ourselves, so that our children can see that passions, and learning, and joyful living are not pursuits for only children. The passion that we all model for our children needs to be unconditional - a true reflection of ourselves and our values, our likes, and our beliefs. THAT's what we're modeling - not the values themselves, but the joy of having and expressing them.
III. IBM would be easier to work with, would recommit to quality and re-establish its leadership position.
This is only one of the ones out there right now; they are the Pacific Crisis Fundraiser. There are so many talented designers that have put out great products for people to come buy at this location and for most of the vendors 100% of the money from the item purchased will go to the charity Americares.
11:31 - your head explodes.
THIS MORNING
I finished it all off with some tape made by seven gypsies on the bottom.
enjoy the rest of your weekend everyone and good luck with the candy
Fishing is hard work for the bears. The water in Brooks River is ice cold and the current is strong. So every now and then, the bears take a break. And a favorite place to park a furry rump is on one of the many giant boulders in the middle of a stream bed.
New deployment maneuvers from both armies. The pikemen are slowly forming into a square, back to back. The vikingr are trying to push from all sides. (Please ignore the hecklers appearing in the far right... They are up to no good.)
But nooo! You had to start some random arc with a whole bunch of random characters with random backstories and random superpowers and royally screw up the flow of the story!
Free to move on and embrace the life that God has for me. Free to take on the past and prepare for the future. Free to enjoy what life has to offer. Free to be me.
Among Occupy’s main targets will be the five largest banks, which control a greater share of the economy today than they did on the eve of the financial crisis. With dozens of bank occupations likely to happen, May Day illustrates how the movement has become better organized. But so have the banks. In New York and Chicago, they’ve pooled resources to gather intelligence on protesters. One security consultant likened the cooperation to elks circling against a pack of wolves.
4 Ahau: Food scarcities. Half the katun good, half bad. The return of Kukulkan
Menma: You will? It’s such late?
possibilities
If you have any questions about wool please feel free to e-mail me, smmumma at gmail dot com and I will do my best to help you out!
No spectacular belly flops this time in the race for gold. Germany easily takes gold and Japan wins silver.
The only complaint I have is the switching of POVs can be confusing at times, but you get the rhythm down after a while. I almost wonder if the named chapter aspect from Game of Thrones would have been another element to pick-up on, especially as this story seems likely to widen its cast in the next volume of this proposed trilogy.
Now, don't get me wrong, I think pregnancy is a beautiful process created by God to bring forth children into the world, but any woman who tells you that pregnancy is all beautiful and wonderful needs to be taken outside and slapped around for a bit. I mean, seriously! You missed being pregnant so much that you're already thinking about another baby!??! Really, lady? Perhaps instead of another baby, a straight jacket would be a better alternative. Because clearly YOU ARE CRAZY!
I got this recipe from The Pioneer Woman, who has some incredibly tasty recipes. I simply adapted it to be vegan & crock pot friendly! (Her recipe calls for chicken, chicken broth, whole milk, cheese & it is cooked on a stove top.)
needs love
(though off sides, apparently)
Ultimately, I’m hoping that teens will relate to her because of her dark side.
The lady behind me smiled and looked at my son like he was a roll of Charmin and wanted to squeeze him for being so polite.
"Did your Joseph know it?"
Which brings us back to that issue of the state, an ideal and an institution that has been picked at for its myriad cumulative deficiencies in the later-part of the twentieth -century, without currently receiving much by way of positive endorsement and/or legitimation.
This includes books like Twilight, as far as I'm concerned. If you've read it, sure, talk about the weak prose, the recycled ideas and the creepy relationship. If you haven't read it, you are basically talking out of your ass. How do you know that you'll concur with the opinion of others? It might become your favourite book ever.
1/3 cup Biscoff spread
'The second surprise was the high temperature they discovered in the earth's center. 'The calculations indicate the given temperature was about 1,100 degrees Celsius, or over 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit,' Azzacov pointed out. 'This is far more then we expected. It seems almost like an inferno of fire is brutally going on in the center of the earth.
It’s just a filler episode but we do find out the gender of Marshall and Lily’s baby. You’d also notice how close Barney and Robin are in this episode, though Kevin (Kal Penn) plays Robin’s boyfriend. I really have this gut feeling that Barney marries Robin. Just saying.
Here they are settling in for another day chez All Things Bright & Beautiful :)
Well, starting in 2011, we're going to do just that (thought let's not call it a resolution). Others have suggested also trying to enter more club members' beers into sanctioned competition, which we hope to do, too.
“There are nine different woods sacred to the Druids which they use to build these fires,” my king answered, edging closer to me as the raven masked one gave me a long lingering look accompanied by a sexy smile. I smiled back, unable to resist.
bacon recipe courtesy of: Michael Symons, The Chew, ABC-TV
For starters, it will put me on the path of good hydration every day, plus it will start my body off cleansing and detoxifying. Here's a good article on water and hydration from the people at The Biggest Loser if you're looking for a little more information.
“Our parents responded to my sister’s anger in a way that frightened me further. I also felt tremendous guilt for not being able to prevent the horrors that my sister endured. Once she was ‘classified’ as a psychiatric patient, she was lost. Everything that was done to her in the name of ‘treatment’ seemed to me to be a form of ongoing abuse and torture.
So, for those who wonder how we can bear to live no less seventy days and nights (that's ten weeks, or two and a half months) without the sun's cheery glow, all I can say is Jesus is truly the Light of our home.
Oscar, a baby chimp, is nurtured by his fiercely protective mom Isha. As is true with most moms, she tries to teach her son everything she can so that he can take care of himself when the time comes for him to be on his own. Unfortunately, that comes much sooner than expected.
For the filling:
Normally I believe it is best to choose someone in the second half of life; roughly thirty-five or older.
3. How often do you communicate with home and how?
tussled what was left of my hair and whistled.
* My blissful visit to the canyon area of Dinosaur National Monument. I pretty much had the place to myself and got to enjoy my hike and the stunning views at the end of it in absolute silence. Well, except for when the swallows would occasionally whooooosh by on hunting runs. What a great day! (And Crocs are great-- and quiet--for easy hikes, by the way!)
One thing that I have noticed is that since I think I know when to anticipate ovulation, I have been less objective when recording signs with CM, etc. In fact, I was so convinced I knew the day ahead of time, that I recorded fertile CM about 3 days prior to O day, then realized later that I was wrong, maybe just wishful thinking. I suppose it's a learning experience.
12:40 p.m. Thursday, July 14; home in Albuquerque for the first time since mid-May. NICE!!
Abdullah said that civil servants should change their mindset to deliver services speedily, bearing in mind that they should play the role of facilitators and partners of the people and the private sector.
He said, "I'm Tom Smith." The entire congregation held its breath.
So what about the prize this week.
Significantly, even those with life insurance are eager to learn more. More than four out of five (83 percent) said they would be interested in adding additional features to their existing policies such as coverage for LTC needs, a feature that would allow them to receive a life insurance payout if they were diagnosed with a terminal disease or a waiver of premium payments if they became disabled. Only 10 percent said their advisors recommended LTCi.
Back in the mother land the fear is drummed up in color coded charts just to remind you of how terrified you’re supposed to be of maybe getting C.I.A developed anthrax in the mail post marked “From Muslim Extremist With Love” right there on the front. Quick! While the people are frozen in fear and unified in blind wrath we shall offer them the illusion of safety! We shall give them the Patriot Act! By God, it will be the perfect snake eating all of its tail before it eats all of him scenario! It will protect the constitution by completing nullifying the constitution. We shall preserve their rights by taking them away. The weepy part of all this is that this little bait and switch worked.
Responsible for reporting bail information to the police
As you view your own situation of depression. Consider whether it might actually be a loneliness for more of the Lord. Think about your own ‘low spot’, emptiness, and lack. Are they something God can’t fill? Contemplate these things, and in your desperate moments when things appear hopeless—say, ‘Give me more, Lord. More of You. I thirst.’
Twas the Night ... Disney XD ... 5 PM
...and why I can never come back again...
My own book links (on the right sidebar and elsewhere) point to Amazon. I'm not removing those links yet because it would be very tedious to take them all down and put them back up if Amazon does the right thing-- which I very much hope they will do, quickly. But I will ask that if you do buy my books, please buy them from BN.com or elsewhere in the meantime.
As the ecstasy washed over me, I opened my eyes. I see you smiling over me.
Fortunately the case will be decided in a court of law, not by public opinion.
I had a conversation with a lovely gentleman in the finance department of Kobo and we looked over the documentation together.
Quite similar but then again different, I chose to wear the black on black with golden details a few days before London Fashion Week started. This time, and just because I thought it's much more casual this way, I put on my beloved Vintage fur vest and combined two very decisive, long awaited for, classic orange details...! And just because I felt like it (and because I recognised that my hair decided to have a bad day), I started to curl it for the first time completely without any help from professionals at Selfridges or any other person desperately trying it on them.
The problems, and there are many. Begin with feel good politics. You can rely on technology only so far, but ask any security professional for a real answer in preventing terrorism in the skies and they will tell you profiling.
In declarations to bwin, Esteban Granero said:
The taste, the texture, and the fact that no butter or oil is needed to make a batch sold me.
He died last year. He had endured that life for six years. He was found one morning on the mountainside lying quite peacefully as though he had died in his sleep. From where he lay he had been able to see those two great rocks called the Faraglioni which stand out of the sea. It was full moon and he must have gone to see them by moonlight. Perhaps he died of the beauty of that sight…
Stir for 10-15 minutes. At the very last step, add tablespoon of condensed milk. This is purely optional (and not too orthodox-Purist) but I find that it thickens and sweetens the potion quite perfectly.
Mothers, take good care of your daughters. Be close to them. Listen to them. Talk with them. Lead them from doing foolish things. Guide them into doing the right thing. See that they dress in a comely and modest fashion. Safeguard them from the terrible evils that are all about them.
Also, this waffle works in any kind of waffle maker.
I rang up again.
Hang on the Box – Asshole, I’m Not Your Baby
We'll be running this in several chunks between now and the book release this winter. Because these things have a hard start/stop point, August is a ramp-up phase. There'll be a lot of content coming out, but the experience really gets underway at the end of the month… just in time to distract the kids from their schoolwork.
We start this recipe by gathering the red, ripe berry clusters from staghorn sumac (Rhus typhina) shrubs. The berries are actually very hard and inedible, and it is the acidic and tart malic, oxalic, and ascorbic acids that we will be harvesting from the outside of the berries to use. In about a half gallon of room temperature water, we add 12 clusters. I'll crush the clusters up under the water and swish them about, then allow the concoction to sit for a few hours. The now pink liquid is strained through a coffee filter to remove fine hairs and other debris, and tasted for tartness. To make a stronger concentrate, add some new sumac berry clusters to this same liquid and allow them to sit for another few hours, then strain again. This concentrate is ready to use, or can be frozen in ice cube trays to add to water or save for the winter. We also use this concentrate in the place of lemon juice in some jelly recipes.
The vast majority of theologians in Catholic institutions in Europe, North America, and Australasia would reject most or all of these teachings. These theologians are followed by the majority of religious orders and a substantial part of the bishops in these areas. It would be difficult, for example, to find a Jesuit teaching theology in any Jesuit institution who would accept a single one of them. The texts above are only a selection from the teachings of Vatican II that are rejected by these groups; they could be extended to many times the number.
23. Full Moon - Elvira
3/4 Tsp Baking Powder
How to Set the Alarm on the Casio G-Shock Watches
EVEN the bravest that are slain
We appear to be a nation engrosed with Belle de Jour and her saucy tales of S and M for we desire a mentally deficient crag of rock to beat us before taking us against our will and charging us for the pleasure.
I am hoping to have all my editing and logging done by end of play Tuesday so that I just need to put the whole thing together.
The “mysterious poetic fragment known as Kubla Khan” was, according to Coleridge’s own account, “composed under the influence of laudanum.” In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a state pleasure dome decree . . . . (Below is the complete text should you ever want to read it all the way through.)
and, of course, in reality, i’ve never fallen off any train platforms. nor have i ever been pushed down the stairs. and thus far, i haven’t sustained any serious injuries from a stubbed toe, and neither have i found myself any clumsier for being pregnant (at least as far as i know), but i think that i’ve gotten incredibly paranoid – as evidenced by my ridiculously realistic imaginings of the business man behind me rushing forward and pushing me down, trampling me in his mad dash (to get where, i’m not sure) and leaving me lying there, alone and in pain.
The people who gave those arahan have said and done nothing to show they are truly sorry for what happened, but instead have exerted continuous pressure on editors to play down all reporting of injuries and injustices suffered by journalists.
What happens when Mothers feel the guilt and pressure of being the best mother they can? We crack, we get depressed, feel angry, upset that we are not doing as good as we could. This is magnified too for many mothers who feel isolated.
Then, we had a day of really nice weather!
Sometimes the way seems cloudy and the assignments seem too large, but just know that if God called you for it then he has already placed within you everything you need to get the job done. You are already anointed for it.
As a confirmation of that, the word used by Paul in verses 51 and 52 in 1 Cor. 15 actually means EXCHANGE.
Psalm 49:15 also says: But God will redeem my life from the grave; he will surely take me to himself.
Meet Murphy:
GK: Steve, LB: Dan Allen, CB: Kev Willsher (Paul Dyke), CB: Sam Hewitt, RB: Mark Reeves, LM: Sam Schwodler, CM: Mark Sanderson, CM: Martyn Barnett, CM: Ali Ingram, (Lee Fielder) RM: Chris Pye, CF: Ben Rowe
to supersede
Lycos dropped the term “tattoos” from it’s Poll because the term was so popular. According to Lycos, tattoos rarely drops out of the top ten search terms requested on the Internet and Lycos dropped the term because they wanted to make room for other searches.
Legal experts are now looking at this matter and both Mr Aman, who has accused Sarawak Report of defamation and UBS should have plenty of concerns about how they are going to set about explaining the millions of dollars that wended around the world, including the United States, on their way to Zurich.
A6 Goody Goody Bye Bye
caramelised pumpkin, eggplant & feta tart – 17
Starting with a couple of his early water lilies (1904) and then moving across a twenty-year span to his later work (1924), the progression of his painting style – from water lilies to a Japanese bridge to a climbing rose archway – is breathtaking. At first he uses fine, detailed dots of paint typical of the Impressionist artists, but then his hand loosens up, the dots become brushstrokes, and colours merge into a whirl of rich blues, greens, oranges and rust-reds.
The twelveth picture is of my great uncle, Will, and second cousin, Eldon, on my dad’s side of the family. The car? Hmmmm.
Where did I acquire this spirit or hard work? Definitely my parents! Through years of watching my parents work, stay up till all hours at times to get things done, numerous potlucks and events at church that needed chairs & tables set up, tablecloths folded back up, kitchens cleaned up, committees, counting offering, charity drives, delivering boxes of food to the needy, service projects, etc. Teaching me how a family sticks together during hard times. I have worked with my family doing janitorial service at car dealerships, paper routes, cataloguing pictures for display albums, adding beads to gowns, babysitting kids for bridal parties, catching doves that didn’t end up flying away at wedding receptions, running errands, moving a camera store to a new location, etc. I know I resented having to do some of those things at the time. Today, I know I am a better person today for having done those things.
Last but not least is Lindsey over at The Teacher Wife. Lindsey has awesome units she has created for TpT. She is very inspiring and creative! She does not have a button that I could find. I guess she is in the same boat as I am. I am actually not quite sure how to create a button. If anyone has some tips, PLEASE share!
I would imagine that many, if not most Antifa groups have some sort of web presence or are at least active enough on Indymedia and other similar sites to be able to provide a point of contact for those who are interested in getting involved. Face-to-face contacts and recruitment will be viable in areas with visible Antifa groups. However, the most interesting questions with respect to Antifa recruitment are those that pertain to screening and depth of access.
I am an animal person. Not the sort who kisses their dog or shares a bed with them. (Cal and I have had too many babies/sick toddlers share our bed over the years, so there’s no way we’re sharing the bed with an animal.) And I’m allergic to most animals. But I am an animal person.
SHEAN: Oh, Mr. Gallagher. Oh Mr. Gallagher.
Have a blessed week!
everyone now a days want to get paid for ANYTHING that they do that does not concern them! wow…. where in the world have the morals and ethics gone! its 2010 and people are less giving than they were 20 years ago! its all about the “me -me” syndrome..
You can shop on Ideeli.com from outside the USA even, if you want your purchases to be shipped outside the USA. You need to get a virtual address in the USA using a service like Shipito.
Questions are now being asked about the minister’s motives for doing so. Sources told City Press they were convinced Mthethwa was desperately trying to “save his own skin”.
Now would be a good time to promote a new movie that seeks to correct decades of dishonest liberal spin on civil rights.
FOWCL = Fall out of Wheelchair Laughing!!
(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)
I wanted my personal scrap room in order and I did accomplish that, complete with paint and shelves and new light fixtures and all...... it's a challenge to keep it tidy but most days I can see at least a bit of the table top and the days I have spent in that room scrapping with friends have been amazing....
In addition to my YouTube channel I also have an account on another, lesser-known video website called Vimeo that isn't so uptight about things. They get less search traffic and I'm limited in how much I can upload weekly but I still get to post my stuff on Facebook and share it with my friends. It's been fun reading all the positive feedback and seeing how many channel subscribers I'm getting, much the same as I get a kick out of the positive comments and subscribers & readers I have here.
5) Add egg and knead in circular motion with low pressure until it come together and look like a ball. Dough should not be dry it should has some shine after kneading.
The sixth chakra, our “third eye”, situated between the eyebrows, helps us to see accurately in life. It helps us to hear and understand what is really being said, hearing the meaning behind the words. The center also helps us to analyze, perceive and visualize what is going on in the world. “In conjunction with the pituitary gland this center enhances our memory, our dream state, and our ability to learn intellectually.” Pg 175
That's what I love about blogging, one post leads to another slightly different and then another and before you know it you're in territory you would have never guessed you'd be going.
Situation C:
“You have family there?” I asked.
He knew that with time, he would be able to make a place for himself in her heart. With time, he would make her believe on his love for her. With time, she WOULD fall in love with him.
Drink coffee, lose weight, and feel great!
(Jamie is feeling my abs.)
And what about the millions of criminal and sub-criminal psychopaths who get away with “lesser crimes,” of duping, manipulating, stalking, raping and defrauding countless victims in ways that are less obvious or difficult to catch and prosecute? How will they pay for their crimes and other wrongdoings? What justice will their tens of millions of victims find? Are their victims, who may be out of their life savings, with broken hearts, in poor health as a result of the psychopaths’ actions to suffer from a sense of injustice and betrayal for the rest of their lives? I say: NO. Why? Because even if the psychopaths may get away with their crimes and wrongdoings from a legal standpoint, they live the kind of lives that no healthy person would ever desire. Their lives are a nightmare.
Where: Sweet E’s Bake Shop, 1417 S. Robertson Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035
Super-fast 51-point AF system has 4 Dynamic AF modes, including 3D Focus tracking for identifying, locking onto, and capturing razor sharp images of fast-moving sports and action subjects.
4. Head back to the captain (picture 2), who mentions the decoder is in the swamp behind his old house. Where's his house? In Katon!
A total Big Pharma cesspool of money, influence and quackery
By which we hear the songs of birds,
Hops: NA
Marquis de Sade: Mademoiselle Hotpants! Sex without pain is like food without taste!
Nutella
There is some bits of me that aren't the least bit middle aged.
“Well, as I remember it, Mr. Baines was the chair of the local draft board. He was a businessman of some means and well-positioned to sway the other members’ opinions, quite the literal first among equals. Then one day he tried to use that power, much to his sorrow.”
Here we have a new model for choosing Session members. And really there are days when drawing lots makes as much sense as any other nomination process I have seen. However I remember noting in a seminary assignment that in verses 22-23 Peter lays out some criteria for an apostle and that Paul (who takes up a remarkable amount of time in the book of Acts) does not meet those criteria. Not. At. All.
I placed an order for some MFT dies last night and now I'm anxiously waiting for them to arrive in the mail so I can create some more things with them!! Two of them are the Rolled Flower dies, and I am Excited to see what they're like! :) Too bad they didn't get here before the MFT Wednesday Stamp Club's challenge!! :)
09 - As it Began, I Looked to the Sky 4:31
What do you think makes for a successful picture book that young children will love and want to read again and again?
I will come from far away
*** Water: I’m sure you know the rule: 8 glasses a day. Water keeps your body working properly, gives you energy and makes you feel satiated. For a “treat” I’ll mix in a glass of bubbly water into the line-up.
Today, at Marie's, we sealed the corners and cracks in the pantry. Marie's been putting it off. That's the point of this extended visit. I'm helping her do some projects, and she'll spend a week with me later this summer helping me with some projects. It wasn't really bad with two people. She mixed the goop, which had to be done in small batches because it sets up in about five minutes, and I troweled it into the spaces.
So it's time to rummage around in an embellishment drawer. There we go: a few flowers from the stash. . .spritz them with a bit of gold glimmer mist so they match the ribbon, add a glimmer brad and a pearl for the centers and we're all set!
Some plastic or cardboard to cover the surface on which you’re painting
I wish someone would tell the British weather as much, because today, May Day, was more like an alarm call than a jump into summer time.
This will be a new adventure for me...for us. And I can't wait. So please come visit me friends...even if it's the "east side" :)
I must admit it comes as a surprise.
At the Heart of the Heart of Me
The enthusiastic celebrations of events like Holi, Dandia, Diwali, Krishnashtami and painting competitions brought the entire IWSB community together as a family.
“So what has been tried since then?”
Let’s talk a bit about the album you have out – Red in tooth and claw.
1. Brain storming for essay that will be written Thursday/Friday. Topic: Compare and Contract how did Christianity impede or promote societal change during the Middle Ages.
Yet there are moments when she reveals a delicate presence onscreen that could blossom under the right director — such that as an actor I’d like to see her truly develop into a 40-something actress who feels comfortable in her own skin.
and will then ‘pop-up’ as entirely self-contained, story-based, collaborative workshops
Chad Troutwine is a decorated entrepreneur, trained attorney, and education pioneer. He is the co- founder and CEO of Veritas Prep, the largest privately-owned GMAT preparation and graduate school admissions consulting company in the world. Chad is also the co- founder of Spectrum Station, one of the Midwest’s largest early childhood education centers. Since 2003, Chad has produced ten feature films starring more than a dozen Academy Award winning actors and directors. He is also the co-founder of Freakonomics Media, a digital partnership with author Stephen Dubner and economist Steven Levitt.
And yet, here I am, on WordPress. Just blogging. Speaking of which, I just read an article that gave me some helpful, albeit simple and obvious, blogging tips and it made me realize that I need to completely reconsider my whole approach to blogging. I need to spend more time writing, developing, and editing my posts. I’m finding, though, that the the country music is really helping me focus right now–even if I am focusing on the distraction (blogging) rather than what I should be doing (studying).
Okay this will make my point. The picture that is..Here are my 7 Fashion Tips. Did I ever mention that I was in the fashion industry for about 20 years, in design, merchandising and sales and marketing..so now you know..
He was five days older than me, and my best friend. Two doors separated our apartments and we came and went as we pleased without knocking. Our parents worked and we had keys on strings around our necks that let us in after school. Lemon Cooler cookies and milk didn’t taste the same unless Jeff was sharing them with me at the table.
Well, as the title suggests, sometimes you need to go with the flow. I was originally going to post this for Monday morning and then for this morning, yet the lovely thing called life got in the way.
If we’re sensitive to the truth of this world, it means we see a lot of pain. And that kind of exposure can take its toll. It leaves those artists worn out and tired and tender. But it hopefully leaves them astute enough to describe the lay of the land (the “sad terrain” as Bill says) to all of us brave enough to take heed and traverse this dangerous world.
Le Guin’s prose and research feel effortless; there are some hauntingly beautiful lines in here, such as “I felt that night that to have known such fulfillment was to be, in some part of my being, forever safe from absolute despair, from the ruin of the soul. Joy my shield” (214). She mentions in the afterword the reconstruction she had to do (and had to get help with) in order to get a handle on the geography of Lavinia’s world, and it’s quite extensive. She knows it well and she uses it without ever succumbing to Worldbuilder’s Disease, which I truly appreciate. But the structure of the piece strikes me as a little off-kilter. The majority of the novel deals with Lavinia changing, in whatever way she can, her own marital destiny for Aeneas, whom she’s chosen. (Well… more on that in a bit.) But once the two settle down, the novel briskly trots through the rest of her life, glossing over battles and wars when it can. While I appreciate the inversion of a text that I gather is quite focused on the battles and the wars, it just seems to trail off, especially given Lavinia’s awareness of her own fictionality.
Mystery Photographer is the sort of guy who has all he needs in the world. He has his bag, his clothes, his books, his laptop, his phone, his hair gel, and his gal. I realize that men are hard to shop for, but geez--when I've finally met the guy who turns me on while wearing short and sneakers and baseball caps and everything else I stupidly thought wasn't awesome, well. I'm fracked.
the wind
Chris Martin
Luz's soccer season has started and she has two games each weekend, so that is one more thing that I'm involved with. I'm SO blessed that my grandbabies live so close and I CAN be involved in all their doings! And SOON Luz will be starting the horseback riding lessons I got her for Christmas! Oh bOy! We can't WAIT for that!
it's all you'll see of them,
If it sounds like something you'd like to do, run on over to one of the hosting blogs and sign up in the linky! Hope you see you there!
For the past few months, I have been working behind the scenes here on something that I am finally able to announce: starting tonight, and lasting for the next seven days, I will be helping to lead a Los Angeles-based design "super-workshop" with a spectacular line-up of participants.
Earthling celebrates 25 years of Clive Barker’s Weaveworld with the definitive edition of this dark fantasy masterwork. Weaveworld: 25th Anniversary Edition will be released late 2012 in a modest print run consisting of gift, numbered, and lettered editions:
3) If you are a new follower, welcome!!! Let me know and you will get four extra entries!
Why is Jackson grounded? Did I miss something here?!
Please read this article if you’d like to get a clearer view of a photographer’s business. Although truly, this only just touches the surface of what is typically involved.)
As a broader reflection, the more I read about 1968, the more it seems like a fiction. It’s not hard to imagine being completely overwhelmed if you had to live through that. Your government was sending people to die in Vietnam, cities (long places of American glory) were burning, promising leaders of the future were being killed, and everything seemed to be in upheaval. Oh, and then you picked Nixon. Is that the year we spun off course as a country? Would our country have been noticeably different today if that year hadn’t been so awful? Probably. More likely, the wheels and gears were set in motion years before. Yet it sure seems like 1968 did something to our psyche that still leaves us still in need of a national therapy session.
We went to dozens of baseball, softball, and hockey games. We enjoyed many an evening, relaxing in our backyard while toasting marshmallows over a crackling fire pit. We even went camping in the tent I pitched in our family room. What? There were no mosquitoes or bears, and we had running water and air conditioning! I’m telling ya, that’s the way to camp!
Multi-mediated Brecht
Police helicopters buzzed overhead on Saturday morning as protesters gathered. Reuters correspondents saw about 200 riot police stationed in the square and five water cannons heading to the site where Malaysia declared independence from Britain.
Brouwerij St. Bernardus NV St. Bernardus Tripel
Jon interviewed a woman who lost her flat and – with the exception of one flute – all her possessions in the riots. “She felt she was being punished.” Jon said. ”She sensed trouble was brewing and she and her partner left their flat and drove away.” The one flute she managed to save was already in the car. There were eighteen other flutes in the flat, some of which had been customised and cost tens of thousands of pounds each. ”They were in a pub on the other side of town when they saw their own flat burning on television.”
The end result was a whole new stash of chipboard shapes. I found that I reached for them quite a bit because I just love the new color.
It was heartbreaking to get the call from the bride telling me the wedding was moving indoors. She sounded so sad. I could tell that the dream of her outdoor wedding was gone. But it was also a relief that I wouldn't have to wear mittens while playing or bundle up or worry about the harp getting rained on, going out of tune or breaking strings because of the weather.
Stasis Form
whenever you face trials of any kind,
Randomly inserted into packs at one in 18, this set features the first game-used pieces of bat cards for each player. Card backs carry the player's intials as numbering. Cards with a SP designation are short-print.
and makes eye contact
2.) Don't open up your food processor right away - wait about 10 minutes for everything to settle so you don't end up breathing in the detergent dust (just trust me on that one...).
What I say to end the conversation: It IS a scary thing to think you are going to get pregnant right away and then it doesn’t happen.
Did you know that when the Americans invaded Panama in 1989 and surrounded the Vatican Embassy where he was holed up in an operation called "Nifty Package" U.S. Navy Seals blasted rock music at deafening levels in an attempt to get him to surrender? Do you know what song they played over and over again? I Fought the Law and the Law Won by the Clash. It must have worked. He surrendered.
the new 40
Like seasons, they each bring new perspectives and new challenges.
Therefore, when Logan heard that an ambulance was coming, his screaming quadrupled!
Gack.
Level two continues the factory setting, but adds some twists to it. Now Mario must contend with multiple fireballs as well as some sort of unidentifiable spring things. The weapons that DK uses are still man-made, but they are more mysterious than the simple barrel, suggesting a transition to a more animalistic form of attack. Additionally, in this level Mario gains extra points by recovering Pauline’s purse and parasol. Obviously, DK does not care for Pauline’s monetary possessions, which reinforces the suggestion of his intended rape. During these first two stages, Mario simply has to get near Pauline for the level to end; DK presumably seizes her and runs away, suggesting that the black male is not only lustful but also cowardly.
In unrelated news, I’ve been working on a small SHMUP-like video game for the past few weeks and I decided to throw together a quick demo video for it. I couldn’t find my Adobe Premiere CD, so I had an interesting time just trying to sync things up in Windows Movie Maker. Still, I had more luck with WMM than with Camtasia Studio (which I find terrible), so I can’t hate on it too much.
Green pepper diced - 1 /4 cup
Filigree Border die
Here goes…
However, there are times I wish that he is here, close to us, and having the bonds with his grandchildren. Well, I cannot have everything in life that goes the way I like them to be. C’est la vie!
We were thankful for the heated water.
Zoo in the Bois de Vincennes
What a great example.
Well, I just wanted to put some of my thoughts on this out there in front of you. At times I have felt silly for thinking such things but when it comes down to it, we all start out thinking that the piece of fiction or fantasy going through your head is a little ridiculous. But then it becomes a full-blown story that you are trying to push on Amazon or Smashwords. So why not a movie? Why shouldn’t Your Story be on the Big Screen?
Imagine having an online catalog of all of your books, curriculum, dvds... anything you want to categorize with the capability of loaning (even selling) these items to your friends or neighbors. You could view your friends' items and borrow from them as well. Need an item back? Send your friend a nice email reminder to return the item. This is what Lobster Network is all about.
Here are some pictures(taken by Abbas):
I grabbed a big handful of our Hain expenses leaflets and started handing them out. Incredibly I count the people waiting for info from me 3-4-5-6-7 wow! 10 minutes gone and I need more stock! Back to the counter passing by the abusers and anti free speech crowd smiling away to myself I cant help but notice their frustration is rising at our immediate success.
The agitation had centered around farmers opposing the release of water from the Panchna Dam located upstream of the Gambhir river, the primary source of water to the bird sanctuary. Political expediency ensured the gates of the Panchna Dam remained shut, and the bird sanctuary collared by the neck until it went almost entirely dry just as the summer rounded the bend.
Smart (1995)
For all the talk of “incubator companies” and corporate heart transplants and the like, I have not yet seen a cogent explanation, short of someone wanting to put tens of millions of pounds into the pot for creditors, as to how Rangers avoid liquidation.
But couldn't you have done it without leaving so much pain in your wake?
This continued until I was around 13.
in the second installment of my Back to School Series we are looking at hair. unlike nails which are an accent (meaning you can get away with not having them done) Hair can make or break your whole appearance. Thats not to say wake up 2 hours early to do your hair.. No, just give yourself enough time to do what you need to your hair such as curling, straightening, up do, half up do, braided etc so you are not left in stress mode rushing around like you are all types of loca. There are different types of styles to suit different types of people, so cater to the inner you. dont wake up thinking you can tackle a half braided half curled hairstyle on the morning of school, when you havent practised beforehand.. just dont, it wont work out well.. lol
Tony Shalhoub/Stanley Tucci (Big Night)
I love: my camera / pc more than any other material possession I own
I was busy before Christmas making this doll for my mum:
“Fiction is as much an art of omission as it is one of commission, and in “The Tiger’s Wife,” Obreht commits too much. She places stories in the foreground — of the deathless man, and of the tiger’s wife — that might have been better left in the background . . .”
I just received an e-mail asking for help from The Wharf Rat-Camden Yards. I'll give you an edited version:
But if God’s original plan is for us to be in fellowship with Him, and if God is all-powerful enough to bring down judgment on people – which he does not “want” to do because He loves His people – then certainly God is powerful enough to restrain evil in the world. So why doesn’t He? Why doesn’t God prevent bad things such as evil and disease and death from happening in the first place?
In groups we dissected, sliced and diced what consultants are and do and explored interesting avenues of differing situations and different requirements. The two hours was over in a flash and we all still had so many ideas to explore, new people to meet.
This is your future self. I would like to talk to you about time management…
illuminates
Readers are in with a sporting chance of having a Raphael Maklouf lurking in a pocket / handbag. It is the portrait of Mrs Battenberg Saxe Coburg Gotha where she only looks 30 years younger than her then current age, rather than the prior 50 or the current 20.
July 31 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
Hugo Matthysen Blankenberge B
Now, I did deviate from the pattern a bit. She calls for bean bag beads for stuffing. I really wanted this to be a comfy snugly piece so I used poly-fil. (My childhood memories of bean bags had me shying away!) It took a massive amount to make it as firm as I was hoping for. I think we ended up using a full 5-lb box of poly-fil plus some. Two 5-lb boxes was enough to stuff the Large and Small sizes. Quilt batting is also required. You'll be interfacing each "petal" by basting in a piece of batting at 3/8" from the raw edge. No doubt, the batting will help with smoothing over your fabric if you use beads to stuff. You then trim the batting close to your basting stitch so it's not in your seam allowances avoiding a lot of bulk in your seams. I also made a little change here too. I made a pattern piece that was identical to the petal but 1/4" smaller all the way around for the batting. That way, I skipped the trimming out part! (Always looking for shortcuts!)
Sometimes in my line of work, I witness horrible things; fathers saying final goodbyes to their toddlers, alcoholics realizing that liver failure is very real and oh, wait, oops, they really didn’t want to die, or regrettable things done in a psychotic break. Closing the door to the nurses’ station and making a fart joke is an invaluable gift. Because if we laugh, we don’t cry. And when we let it go and don’t cry, we go home and live our own lives. We do not fall prey to alcoholism, depression and burnout that plagues the caregiving professions. I’m just home from one of those laugh or cry days, and I am laughing. And having a small glass of Cabernet.
I’ve thought about what I would say to him the day we moved out. I thought I’d have a million words and topics i’d need to cover to make myself feel like I was heard. When it came down to it that wasn;t the case. We helped eachother pack up his things and communicated like a team of movers. Conversations without drama. It’s funny how when it comes down to the moment of truth not much really needs to be said. We both know. As he was leaving he asks “What do you want a hug or something?” I asked “if you’re saying that in a mean way, then no”. He told me he didn’t want to have any communication with me. Which I am totally fine with. My life is much better now that I’m single. I told him “I’m sorry it didn’t work out between us, but it just couldn’t we both had alot of growing up to do and we couldn’t do that together” We gave eachother a long hug. I can’t remember the last time he even hugged me. It was one of those hugs that meant something. We got a bit misty eyed and he left. After all this time, this is the first day that I’ve felt like this place is actually mine. Everything in this place belongs to me. I have no one but myself here and it feels good. All the thoughts of Darren are gone. As terrible as that entire relationship was I do not regret it. Of course I’m left here with more issues than I started with but I know myself so much more now. I know what I want, what I deserve and most of all what I expect our of a relationship. Love is great, passion is great. But when you’re not working together as a team and not inspiring eachother to be better people then it’s just destructive. I’ve learned so much from being with Darren. I’ve seen very dark sides of the world and of human nature. i guess maybe that’s why I’m so jaded. His punk rock mentality did rub off on me and I started to see only the negative in everything. I’m just starting to get back to me again. Rediscovering my hobbies and living the life of a single young woman downtown. I’m still damaged goods when it comes to letting any man into my life. The big difference between he and I is that after I end a relationship I always take time to myself. At least a year. He likes to jump into a new one. Exactly what he did with me when things ended with Mila. I guess I should have been smarter when starting something with him but i was just a kid. I didn’t know any better. I think the biggest lesson I learned from being with him is how to stick up for myself (when I finally did) I have a bad habit of people pleasing way too much and it drains me. Now I’m finally standing up for myself and what I believe in. Something I’ve never been able to do my entire life. So I guess what I’m saying is: At the end of the day all those words I thought I needed to say were better left unsaid. He both already knew. Healing takes time, relationships take work, and one of the greatest rewards in life is to find yourself again.
Setting it up is very time consuming.
"Pippa Piper picked Peck over Pickle or Pepper?" exclaimed Mary incredulously. "Which of the Peck pair did Pippa Piper pick?"
Weihenstephaner is a brewer of German origin and is situated on a hill called Nährberg in the south of the country at Freising in the region of Bavaria. Just north of Munich. Map 175, G6. The former monastery lays claim to the title of ‘oldest working brewery in the whole wide world ever’ and can trace its brewing origins back to 1040.
Then the band goes and places two equally worthy B-sides to boot. "The Finest thing" is a simple & much faster paced song about failing at confronting feelings of longing, while the song itself sound like Dinosaur Jr covering a C-86 band. That comparison is meant in the best way possible. "Out of Work and on the Dole" is almost a combination of the previous two songs, an equal parts love and apathy fulled anthem as galloping drum work pushes the song along. Easily the noisiest song of the bunch, the feedback from the guitar and noise in general of the song help to perfectly cement the tone of the song: the sense of being engulfed by life.
To be a leader is not too difficult. We can develop such qualities within us and can be a leader. We need to impliment ideas. We should walk on that path. Here meaning of a leader is given below. But the thing is that we are always influenced by others. We never use our mind. We are always ruled by others.
If you have an aphid infestation on a plant that’s too large for this method you can spray the tree with any number of insecticides – aphids are relatively easy to kill, but I don’t like to use any pesticides if I can possibly avoid them, and I’ve discovered a method that works well for me.
I was sorry when it ended – I wanted more of everything. From what I know about the other bands that will be appearing on upcoming dates, this will continue to be a can’t-miss ticket. I hope that Big Top Rock becomes a regular event – it is a worthy idea that deserves to live on.
That's all for today, thanks for visiting!!! :)
2.Cumin/Jeera : 1tsp
The deadline to enter is Thursday, December 23, 2010 at midnight central time.
We feel attracted to creative people who are likewise full of ideas that are benefitting Thailand and the world at large. The excitement that emerges from an idea brainstorm with likeminded people fills us with a lot of energy but the frenzy puffs out quickly if you don’t follow through. It’s the doers with the drive, commitment and energy that bring these ideas to life and two extraordinary doers are Boom and Alice founders of the social enterprise mysocialmotion.
-tim
I really do need to get this presentation finished up. It's supposed to be in the 60's today and I have a run date with my aunt this afternoon. I would like to not have to do anything this evening that has to do with school so I must get to work. Tomorrow marks the final night for this current class...and I will officially be HALFWAY DONE with my program!!!
And perhaps that’s the lesson I’ve learned from exploring the truths I subconsciously (or otherwise) put into my own pieces. They’re in there because that’s what I know. They make up some of the more fascinating aspects of my character development. Mara Mcbain wrote something about her version of character development that will definitely entertain anyone who follows the link behind that bold name.
Step 3: Cut/emboss using die cut machine, blade side up.
I got to be strong
"It's not like being on the dole,
So anyhow, post-divorce, I’m a little more vigilant about how people react to me, and vulnerability makes me Super-Glue-stuck-to-fingers crazy. Yet one way I’ve totally exposed myself in my 2.0 version – like stark-nudey-naked-bare-assed exposed – is through this blog.
The following day my new friend Peter came in and I’ve noted we had a great conversation for about 3 hours. Peter was so interesting and being a psychologist could really get into some deep conversations which I just loved. He told me once again to get out of Firestone. I was seriously considering it. On June 9th I must have been having a bad day as I recorded “didn’t get dressed or answer phone”, so things were still very much an emotional rollercoaster for me. Most of the time I could keep it together, functioned very well, but occasionally I’d have a really down day and wouldn’t fight it.
So, now you know that Average Hike the company will be offering, the Variable pay that will be given to the employees.
Jackie and Minutes Matter Studio are offering a demonstration JVT Studio, a graphic design program that translates the fabulous draperies and valances from Jackies book, The Design Directory of Window Treatmentsinto elevation renderings filled with fabrics, colors, and textures.
And then there's the park. Emily loves being outside and going to the park. She's perfectly happy if I just let her wander around the big, open field and explore. But she loves going down the slide, too. The bigger the slide, the better.
When to use: Whenever a seldom seen person is mentioned during a telecast, particularly if his name is Trev Alberts. Which’ll never happen, since he’s dead to ESPN. Dead.
"That," said the doctor, smiling shyly at the two students, "that is my very latest attempt at a perfect precipitation of colloidal platinum in the sub-microscopic sized particles. You can't see very much because the light is reflected by the tiny particles in so many millions of ways that nothing but a vague impression of grey existence gets to your retina. As a matter of fact, most of these particles are of dimensions smaller than the wavelength of ordinary visible light, and so it takes a small group of them to reflect even one wave of light. Naturally, they diffuse it greatly since the colloidal nature of the material makes the deposit far from even or solid in surface nature. You will remember that molecules are invisible to the eye, even aided by the microscopes of highest power. Were we to start grinding a material from small chunks down to fine particles, even though we trace the pieces through a microscope, we will sometime have reached, were it possible to grind that fine, the molecular sized particles. Now, limiting ourselves to to a single molecule, we would have ground a material from quite visible lumps clear down through the colloidal sized aggregations, and finally we would have ground it into invisibility. Truly, that would be most odd, yet it is theoretically possible, as you can see."
VOTE TUSC AT THE ELECTION AND COME TO THE YOUTH FIGHT FOR JOBS DEMO ON WEDNESDAY
These are some of the fun tiles I made. I realized a little late that you could personalize them with messages, names, etc.
Sameer went white with fear and without a second glance, dashed out of the house, breathing only when he reached home. His head was spinning and sweat was running down his forehead. He was shaken completely by what he had seen.
I plan to take all the kids up to see her on Sunday and bring her some gifts. I hope that will raise her spirits some and I hope she's got to eat by then as well. Overall I would say she's doing well on adjusting, I just wish things could go back to what they used to be. I know it can't/won't happen but I can pray.
extra years,
After leaving the coffee shop, Brenda and Natalie decide to test out another urban legend, the one about Bloody Mary. Sure, why not...I mean, it's not like there haven't already been 14,000 Bloody Mary movies since this came out, right? (including the 3rd movie in this very franchise) They stand in front of the boarded-up door to Stanley Hall and say "Bloody Mary" 5 times. They hear a faint shout or scream. As they lean closer to listen for any ghosts, Damon(played by Joshua Jackson) pops up behind the girls to frighten them.
"I know! I wonder if my dad should call someone about that...."
Hubby is here for most of two weeks, to help little B and I settle into the new place and establish a routine. After he leaves, it’ll be just the two of us for the rest of the summer (with the exception of one or two more short visits). I’m really excited about this job (internship, really), and I’m looking forward to getting to know a new city, but I’m anxious for four months of taking on all the parenting responsibilities myself.
For my personal sustainability promise, I have decided to use only mugs and reusable water bottles rather than throwing away paper cup after paper cup. After calculating how many coffee drinks I have during the day, I decided it would be a great idea to invest my money is a thermos and plastic water cup. I am a huge coffee drinker and after realizing that on average, I buy about 3 cups during the weekdays and about 1 or 2 on weekends, which is about19 cups a week and roughly 76 drinks a month. So in one year I consume right around 912 drinks per year. That is 912 cups per year. Now multiply that times the coffee drinking population in America who consumes around the same amount as I do every year. Do you know what that number is? 105 million people fall into the number of people who like me, drink about three cups a day. A whopping 957,600,000 cups of coffee are drank a year. Granted, not all of these cups are the plastic to go ones but a good majority of the cups are. For a long time the only place those cups would go is in a garbage can which fill our landfills and decompose.
Mystery In Space (DC/Vertigo) This here is an $8, -page one-shot anthology borrowing the name of and old DC sci-fi comic to use as an organizing principal for the contributors' submissions. The quality varies from inspired to tedious, but each of the short stories is fairly well constructed around a stinger of an ending, and any comic boasting artwork from Michael Kaluta, Kyle Baker, Mike Allred and Ming Doyle is pretty much the definition of "worth a look."
New York-based Human Rights Watch said the court’s closed-door trial was ‘a farce’ that took Hun Sen’s campaign of ‘persecution of critics to a new extreme and highlights government control over the judiciary’.
barracks...grrrrr. On my way home from a funeral on Tuesday there was a sound in the pedal area that should not have been there. The Senior Cat and I oiled the strategic spot and I took it off for a careful pedal up our little street and back again. CRUNCH! Oh.
Drop by my website, http://www.kjtradingsystems.com, and you can see how I trade. While you are there, sign up for my free newsletter and view my complimentary trading videos.
But even if the Preds fall in game 3, I have newfound respect for the organization of the Nashville Predators. Most team would let their players off with a warning and let them play, but Nashville has decided to take the path less traveled and go against the grain.
As you can see, it's perfectly fine to be a different sort of collector with different collections - maybe in another year or two I can re-write this post with an overarching collector classification. Until then, why don't you chime in with what type of collector you are - perhaps I missed a type of collector?
Wipe out skillet with paper towels, and heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil until shimmering. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Whisk cooled garlic oil and parsley into reserved yogurt mixture until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve chicken with yogurt sauce.
I've been trying to make some small projects to help me understand some of the knitting terms and stitches again. The Crofter's Cowl in the picture above helped me figure out some lace knitting and reading a chart. I'm working my way up to knitting a sweater and I can't wait to jump into that project!
Mayall and Edmondson play Richie and Eddie, proprietors of possibly the worst hotel in the world, a scenario that lends itself well to the kind of chaos that has been their fertile ground for the best part of their careers.
The river sweats
Physician’s Formula Multi-Colored Blush in Blushing Berry
There's the front and back of the mini cushion! Apart from being made of the most gorgeous fabric it has tiny little beads sewn into each flower and a star and imagine charm.I love the ship on the front...it's now been named The Dawn Treader ^_^ Does it remind anyone else of The Dawn Treader? Anyhoo...and I love the fish (or dolphin) on the back.
"Huh? Wha?" I sputtered, quickly rising to my feet.
It is also known that certain genetic factors increase the harmful effects of lead poisoning in susceptible children; however, these factors are not completely understood as of 2003.
On Monday morning, Tommy, having been knocked out by Joe, must read Vanzetti's letter before the entire university. Will Michael be expelled from the university and will Tommy lose his job and his wife?
Another trend that has cropped up in more recent times is to take a deeper look into the character of Maid Marian, often with the author focusing on her more than Robin. The first book I ever read that did this was Maid Marian by Elsa Watson. This was one of those books I stumbled upon at the library and decided to take a chance on. While it was certainly nothing groundbreaking, it was enjoyable and stayed true to many of the classic elements of the Robin Hood legend. The story was told from the perspective of Marian, who was not simply a passive damsel in distress. Even though she went to Robin for help, she was still a woman of action.
Of course someone came in. A mystery woman came barreling into the bathroom and into a stall three doors down. Obviously I needed to wait her out, lest we make eye contact at the sinks and she get the impression that I was the cause of the smell (the horror!). So there we sat.
Shall be a loved, and happy wife."
He meets Assef, a terrible bully, and his two cronies down an alleyway. Assef beats Hassan and rapes him, all while Amir watches from a distance, too afraid to intervene. But more than that, Hassan is beaten because he won’t give up the last flag he caught, he knows how important it is to Amir (for Amir, that flag represents his father’s love, something he feels in constant competition with Hassan for). So, afraid to lose the kite, Amir lets Assef hurt Hassan and lives with that for the rest of his life.
For comment, contact Aunty Jane at 0784031302
4. Remove Batteries From Seldom-Used Devices
This Contract should be binding and presented to a Senior Judge who will also confirm this is Legal and Binding and up to both parties to ensure it works otherwise it is enforceable on each Parent.
How I heard you flap and rustle, cloth defiant!)
This will take you to a blog called The Great Leveller and talks about how to make a fix that allows people that currently can't, to comment on your blog. A lot of us find if the comment box is at the foot of your post, that 'embed' prevents commenting...but where the blog provides a new page with comments and comment box, all is possible! So if you wanna get a few more comments, this may well be worth the two minutes and two tabs it takes. It is a temporary fix....Blogger itself has to come up with a permanent
***If you are participating in the 52 Layouts Challenge, please use the link below to link your layout to this post. You have until Friday at 11:59PM PST to post your week 45 layout. The link will allow you to post a title and thumbnail that link to your site, where we can see the layout in all its glory!
Amidst all this, we who love freedom speak of a vulpine "political class," no member of which can be trusted. We orate that it must somehow be removed from the levers of power, so that persons who genuinely love freedom and appreciate the importance of objective law can get to work at restoring those blessings. More openly than ever, sincere Americans, men of good will, mutter about the probable necessity of a Second American Revolution, aimed at deposing the current ruling class and restoring the Constitution in full and literal effect.
Your words meaning little, the water level’s high
With his steady editing, Bresson establishes what is an odd series of events as logical, though the punctuative effect of the cutting gives each new twist an even more severe impact. In the absence of music, the editing takes on the effect of its own fright cues, its jumps occasionally startling for their jarring of still frames and still action. To maintain a lack of blunt action, Bresson elides over what would be the centerpieces of other films: locked in solitary confinement, Yvon receives Valium each day to calm him. But when the guards leave, the camera stays behind to show Yvon spitting out his dose and adding the pills to a collection he's hidden. The next shot is from his old cell where his bunkmates watch out bars to see an unconscious Yvon loaded into an ambulance.
When I went to see Dr. Kaldenbaugh about a medical problem in 2011, I asked him about Ferne. He told me that coming out to the waiting room to tell friends about Ferne was the hardest thing he ever did in his entire career as a doctor in the Verde Valley. As he told me this, he had tears in his eyes.
And here is the Montecristo Maravilla, a limited edition issued in 2005 for the fifth release of the Habanos Collection "Book" series and the 70th anniversary of the Montecristo Brand, an amazing double-robusto size 55 ring gage for 182 mm.
For me, it's like a blast from the past. I grew up with 'salvage'. It was just a normal everyday part of my life. My father scoured the countryside, filled up a big barn like structure that he attached to OUR HOUSE, and sold it for a second income. He already worked as a painter in the paper mill.
Well done Jade! Love your work.
“It should no longer be tolerated.”
2 tsp. fresh parsley, minced
An open heart lives authentically and genuinely with love, humbleness and gratitude.
In what has to be a slap in the face to 200,000 people all over the world who hoped to come to Canada as Skilled Workers, Jason Kenney and the Harper Government have with one swipe of the pen, eliminated the Skilled Worker backlog of immigration applicants.
A very hard day today. Flip was fine when I fed him lunch and took him for a walk around the floor, but he awakened from a nap a totally different person, angry, aggressive, frustrated and not his sweet-tempered self at all. He was throwing punches at everyone, making fists, baring his teeth and hissing like a small child who is pretending to be a scary monster. Several people were in fact scared, and the woman who was scheduled to be his evening sitter refused because she said he spat at her. (I think he must have hissed and perhaps some saliva escaped, but I didn't see it.) Security was called (again.) He remembered the words "Fuck you!" and hurled them at everyone. I think he has reached the end of his endurance for the hospital, which is like prison in his case as everyone is pushing and pulling him and controlling everything he does. Another dimension to his pain derives from being relatively young and used to exercising his body. In his mind, I think, he is fighting for his life, Flip against the world. He even yanked my arm off his, even though I had just helped him in the bathroom by aiming his penis (inexpertly) at the toilet. His life has lost much of its dignity.
We've promised each other through scribbled notes that we'll always stay in each other’s soul.
Someone grabbed my shoulders from behind and yanked me back before I could wrap my mind around the meaning behind Eli’s words. In a blink, I found myself behind someone tall. Someone really tall. And quite broad. And very male.
I commit myself to never giving up on myself as I walk this process of self-forgiveness, along this Journey to Life, as I see and realize that this world is not as it can and must be in order that suffering and abuse may someday end, and in seeing the suffering of the animals and in realizing how the children of this world suffer in silence til they become living examples of us and so the cycles of suffering, abuse and death continue, and I see, realize and understand that I am equally responsible to assist life as it currently exists so that Life in it’s truest form may emerge here within and as our physical reality as all as one as Equal.
Here’s the set-up:
Heres some great images I've found looking through...must do this with another top artist Ian Knox sometime..
When it was time to have the clothes photographed we felt very lucky to have Banbury Cross model for us, and 1 of our favourite photographers to shoot it- Tony Nylons. We were really thrilled with the results as they were just how we imagined when we embarked on the collection.
- pinch of sea salt (or kosher salt) for each truffle
Back in January, Dalia Lithwick of Slate raised alarm over the law, which makes recording someone without their consent a felony punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
Dinner tonight was really good too, I always love coming home because then my dad grills for us! tonight he made bbq chicken and I was in charge of making the asparagus and I made some kale chips for myself. I love veggies!!!
Of those moves, 2 were dorms in college, and 6 were moves to different houses in the same town. So those weren't so hard. But it sounds more dramatic to say I've moved 12 times. But I have seriously lived in 6 different towns in 3 different states in 2 different time zones. For a girl who likes putting down some roots, that's tough.
birthday is on Christmas, too so it is double the fun!) I loved making my list, telling Santa what I wanted and then the anticipation of waiting to open presents and see if I got what I wanted.
Sounds simple, but in the heat of the trading day it can be a challenge for many. Make sure you are always resetting to zero after each trade, win or lose.
I was invited to run a workshop on HE at a conference in Leeds about informal education which took place in May 2009. I asked Denise if she would come along with me, as I was nervous about going alone, and I knew that it would be much more fun with her as my side kick! We got to sit in on some very interesting talks in the morning, but chatting to another delegate at lunch time was a far more interesting affair! To be honest what we heard threw us both a bit, Denise more so I think, given her hope that Badman was a fair and reasonable man, and that these would be qualities that would show through in his report. To cut a long story short, what we heard was the most contentious aspects of the contents of the Badman Report, which wasn’t due out for another few weeks. The delegate in question had been at a conference at which Badman had presented his report - at a time when the HE *community* was still very much hoping to be able to influence the outcome. It was pretty explosive stuff, and the delegate obviously realised that she had let the cat out of the bag (she seemed to have been under the impression that the report had already been released) and very quickly stopped talking to us, leaving Denise and I somewhat shell shocked. We both decided that the best option would be to assume the other delegate had been mistaken, but to check out the conference details when we got back home.
Tyrion is by far the most fascinating character in the series to me. (As a side note, I am so glad that Peter Dinklage won the Emmy for his portrayal of Tyrion. It was well deserved.) Tyrion is a member of the Lannister family which should automatically place him in the antagonist category, yet it doesn’t. In spite of the way he has been neglected and humiliated by his family because of his dwarfism he is still loyal to them and works to help them. It is so interesting to see how, while he has still learned how to use his vast intellect to manipulate, he has been spared from the lessons of cruelty and selfish indifference towards others that his siblings learned. In their disgust for him and the resultant neglect his family inadvertently helps Tyrion to become the most moral of the group. He uses a lot of the sneaky and often underhanded tricks of his family to achieve his goals, yet most often those goals are for the benefit and protection of others. Thanks to Tyrion I am always torn between wanting the Lannisters defeated and wanting Tyrion to succeed. I could write an entire blog on his character alone and I can not wait to see what Martin does with him in the next book.
Stand up and lead. More people are counting on you than you can possibly imagine.
Can’t be bothered with exercise.
Post marriage Genelia Dsouza , now Mrs Genelia Deshmukh appeared with hubby Ritiesh Deshmukh in a white anarkali shalwar suit with embroidery work and looked pretty as ever. For gorgeous Ms Bachchan it was a simple Sabyasachi suit.
The in-laws have been visiting for a few days. It's been pleasant. They're good people.
In our past experience, a coronal mass ejection (CME) precipitates a flurry of electromagnetic activity on earth, including increased crop circle appearances.
If you do all that right, whoever reads your email is inclined to like you. Now comes the make or break point of the process–present the book. If your book blurb is boring, it won’t matter that the reviewers like you. They won’t read your novel. Ever.
My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all, and no one can take them out of the Father’s hand.
We still plan to do that, but now that I’m in full blown packing mode, the time for purging is over. I recognize that I don’t need or want 9 different spatulas, but I don’t have to time to study every spatula, postulate on the merits of each one, and pick the best two or three. There all getting dumped in box, and I can decide which ones I want to keep after we move. The rest will stay in the box, and they will go off to Goodwill.
Hypnotized
For the next hour I tried to get rid of Bob, but the drink had reduced his short-term memory to four seconds and he seemed to be operating on a loop, reintroducing himself to me every few minutes. In the end, I gave up and said I was going home.
This MOC is truly something special. Not only are the details extremely beautiful, but also the photgraphy is mind blowing. The MOC is about the town of Ferentium which lies between Dalmanutha and Loreos-Ultra. Much of it’s prosperity is owed to these two great cities.
Well I've completely redeemed myself from yesterday...I made goal today! Todays task was harder & longer than yesterday with a lower inversion ceiling, and I still managed 3rd place woman and 14th out of 83! And if anyone doesn't believe me, it's all documented on TV.
On Monday, the EU announced an additional Euro 100 million towards the costs of the new sarcophagus, Japan a regular donor has its own Fukushima problems, and several other nations who regularly donate have painful economic issues and IMF involvement. Many other nations will stand by their promises towards Chernobyl and given the current geopolitical struggle between the EU and Russia over trade agreements with Ukraine, as expected Russia pledged money to counter the EU donations financially despite not being a long term donor previously.
Then, it came to a time when we had to say goodbye to each other. I don’t like goodbyes but I went to the train station with them. Our ‘brief encounter’ moment came when they had to check in at last. Their train was already waiting on the platform. We hugged and kissed and shook hands several times. They put their tickets into the machine and the barriers opened and shut like silver-encrusted blades. The tide of feeling sadness and happiness seemed to rise over me. In my sober posture, I waved at my friends and blew kisses with an aching heart.
Gill - Dosie Rosie
A few moments later, his reply:
"Burrows lives in Wisconsin. Only six to seven hours in the car." Abby limped into the kitchen area. The washer swished quietly in the corner. She was a fast healer, but she'd be feeling the wound on her ankle for days. She tried not to wince as she balanced and attempted to make herself a sandwich.
Like the Limnanthes, I started the Bishop's Lace in the greenhouse. I soon found that it was susceptible to overwatering, and ended up with only 3 plants from a six-pack. Fair warning, if you are going to grow it! Bishop's Lace is readily available at most places that stock Renee's Seeds or Botanical Interests.
Roses are Red…Bobby Vinton
are among the worst in almost all
Used as....
I do not want you to work through your stuff with me. Round about transition, “Are you really sure you are doing the right thing?” was a bearable question, but not if repeated. Take yes for an answer. Yes, I have thought about this. For years. Yes, I know all sorts of ways in which it could go wrong. I have considered all the options, and this is the one I choose. And I choose how to work it out for myself- offers of a listening ear are welcome, but I have to choose when and whether to take that offer up.
Tip #2: Income tax management is an important ingredient When 401ks were introduced 30-plus years ago, the drumbeat was about the beauty of tax deferral. The theory was: Defer paying taxes until employees are in a lower tax bracket in retirement.
Boiled peanuts are pretty straightforward to make. If you can, it is best to get the peanuts straight from the farm. For an authentic, although time-consuming, experience, you may even get the vine (peanuts are legumes and grow underground on the root of a viney, low growing bush) and pick them off while sitting under a shade tree and drinking sweet tea. If that is not an option, grocery stores usually have them when in season in the summertime. After washing the peanuts, place them in a large pot and cover with water. Salt liberally (this is key – don’t try to be healthy and go light on the salt). Boil for a few hours, until the meat of the peanut becomes soft, and enjoy!
Saul went on to note that rationality is only one type of reason and devoted a book, Equilibrium, to discussing the other types.
Although it is not my favourite, I do buy Sally Hansen nail polish at CVS because all those fun colours tempt me so. At under $3 a bottle, it's no huge loss if one is shitty. And Sally Hansen nail polishes can be hit or miss -- they have mostly been hits for me, but when they miss, THEY MISS. "Mellow Yellow" by Sally Hansen has got to be the worst nail polish I have ever owned. It is goopy and never goes on opaque -- no matter what I do it always has streaks and bare spots in it. It's just an all-round mess for me. Maybe I have a defective bottle -- I don't know -- but it just does not go on right or ever look good. It always looks like a 3 year old painted my nails! Now as I said -- most Sally Hansen nail polishes have been good. I really like Blue Me Away and Celeb City! Just this particular colour "Mellow Yellow" is awful.
The new concept design will be based on the idea to add one ring, made by the same material of the sphere, at the border of the Upper Hemisphere. The Ring, that will have all the functions of the Ribs, must be designed in order to fit perfectly inside the hemisphere avoiding all eyebolts and screws.
Easing slowly into this was the key. Coat the back of a spoon, smell it. Yup, smells great!
I think you shouldn't leave Tate without trying their cocktails. Karl tells me that they have been making a few new additions to the menu. However, earlier on I saw Karl getting his blow torch out to make a cocktail and I told him "I want that one cos it looks cool" LOL. It turned out to be a lemon meringue martini (RM34), which is very fun to drink IMHO. I also tried the Pina Agave which was pretty nice and refreshing, thanks to the agave nectar and cucumber content.
I am not one to make too many comments on any event after the fact. In great part because I want to enjoy what I am watching. I do not want to over analyze what took place, or what will be taking place in the future as a result. Yet, today I can not stop thinking about the Extreme Rules event last night. So much so, that I took to the internet this afternoon to check out what my fellow fans had to say about said event. Needless to say, we have a difference of opinions on a few things. My opinion of last night’s event in fact, could not be more different from some of the blogs and articles I have spent my time reading today. The differences are so great I find the need to comment on them, and Extreme Rules in some way. I decided the best outlet would be via my blog, because after all, blogs were made for strong opinions and commentaries.
This experience that will change my life
My kitchen faces south, and is SUPER bright. (Not that I’m complaining.) The problem with all of the light is that it is like a spotlight on all of the imperfections in my cabinet paint job! Ugh. As soon as I hung the first door, it was clear that they were going to need another coat.
What we did not know, was the ashes were not totally cold. The embers ignited in the paper sack and the whole kitchen and living room filled with smoke. There were Chinese people screaming everywhere and all we wanted to do was get our money and get the hell out of there.
That was it. From that moment on I kept trying to make up for the “escape to chinatown” and change my unhappy destiny. It was college or bust.
We used to play there about once a month. Before we moved out of the
My first line in the play is spoken to a timid new member of the gut girls on her first day in the sheds; but I almost feel as if I'm saying it to myself, willing my nerves back under control, telling myself I'll be ok. And it works; suddenly I've switched into character, the lines are coming at the right times, I've remembered what I'm supposed to do.
What's New Pussy Cat
Over the past few weeks, I've spent my time finding ways to avoid stuffing my hindquarters into a chair and writing. I'm approaching the end of a first draft for a novel project. This always seems to happen when I'm approaching the end of a writing project. My last few chapters seem to take me forever to finish.
The sauce was a bit reddish and tomatoey, with a vinegar twinge. Not too much of either though, and I like the sauce.
When Summer went into labor, her mother, Ida Mae, kept referring to the gift of being Ricky’s widow. And what his gift would mean to Summer’s future. “Momma, you have a one-track mind. Money, money, money. God help me. Stop talking and help me” Summer screamed as she was about to have her first child. Ida wasn’t one to teach anyone anything. She didn‘t feel Summer needed any help. “I can’t help you, I’m just here for moral support. Women do this everyday. I did it seventeen times with no help from nobody.” Ida proclaimed as she rang out a wash rag to wipe Summer’s forehead. “Momma please!” Summer begged. Ida began coaching Summer on how to breathe and telling her when to push. Ziggy Elwood Hayes was born to Summer Kay exactly thirty-three weeks after Ricky died.
It's pretty, right?
O is for Opinions. Not specifically anybody's opinion, just opinions in general.
A boyfriend’s mom made this as a side dish to accompany dinner often – and I would fight to the death to have the last of it. I have watched her make it dozens of times but never paid attention to how it happens. I was determined to make it work for me and it was a success!! It’s seriously the easiest recipe ever, with just four main ingredients:
A.) Hawaiin/Polynesian
The Philippines is now claiming the area after having proven that it is indeed part and, in fact, an extension of the country’s eastern continental shelf.
And, crackling into the air, leave me half-blind.
At that time, Nokia was the top smartphone vendor with market share of 23.8 percent. A year later, it holds a staggeringly lower 8.2 percent stake in the smartphone market. Apple was also still ahead of Samsung at the time, but the smartphone landscape has changed significantly in the past twelve months.
Clemens, it appeared, insisted on attending Congress to get his message across. He sat before the Committee and denied any illegal use of drugs. McNamee was castigated as a liar and a cheat. Clemens appeared at first to have made his point.
- seeing the Tower Bridge and singing ‘London Bridge is falling down’ while crossing it (Nicky)
passing and you wanted one; you saw a train and you wanted one too. Many of
I didn't know I was in trouble, but things were starting to get worse, not better. The swelling that I experienced at the end of my pregnancy was starting to get more pronounced and more painful. It was hurting me to walk. The look of my legs was thick from thigh to ankle, hardly tapering at the knee. The ankle was so swollen, they were puffy and sore. The tops of my feet would hurt just to tap to the touch. My face had swollen, my hands and arms and my whole body more or less.
Enhanced eBooks are on everyone’s lips, yet there is no general consensus on what an ebook has to have to be considered an “enhanced” ebook. Some conversion services consider a linked Table of Contents to be an enhanced service, others take the term to mean embedded audio and video files, while then there are those like myself who think that an enhanced ebook is internal hyperlinks within the ebook to a different section – a footnotes section or another part of the ebook that offers an explanation – and external hyperlinks. (In the interest of full disclosure, I have to admit that probably 90% if the ebooks that I build could be considered enhanced.)
Who do you think you are? How do you know? Who do you want to be? Post your thoughts on the matter and share with me your stories of “finding yourself” along the road.
22. Household Dust: A Harmless Natural Occurrence Only Women Notice
‘Psst! Do you want to go to a secret cinema?’
Anyways... i'm quite busy today as i've not got another night off now will christmas day! so i've got to get my skates on this morning!
In the way that we must go
The sheep that are My own hear and are listening to My voice; and I know them, and they follow Me.
At the Calgary Freemason’s breakfast, an all-time Albertan told me of the time when he passed through a town north of Calgary. He missed by 5 minutes, of seeing the country western star singer,
you may be any of the above. or if you feel as though you are something else, do tell me! I'm open to them all.
Gdansk. This was my favorite from this trip and where I spent the most time. It used to be a free city, doing its own thing, not really being much of this or that, until one day it was invaded by Nazis who shelled its port, murdered a bunch of post office employees, and then tried to make it look like self defense (? this was long before post office employees were known to snap into murderous rages) and that was how World War II started (more or less)! History lesson of the day.
Ponder: Reeaaacch around.
My mother grew up on the shores of Bear Lake which straddles the border of Utah and Idaho. This was an pleasant rural setting where the small local population struggled through a short growing season the sustain their lives. The settlement was not very old when my mother lived there as a girl, and everyone knew each other. Among the gathering places frequented by the locals was Jesse Cotter's General Store. Mother described the large cast-iron stove in the middle of the store which was the the only thing that could tear a child away from browsing the nooks and crannies of the store. Loitering in the store in the winter around the stove was a common thing to do.
Scattered. It is the only way to describe my brain of late. I have quite the obessional mind and I would like to start using this for good instead of teenage crushes and buying into someone elses created world. If I am not obsessing over our impending holiday of AWESOME, then it is about the dog that I want. Sometimes I even spend hours looking for exactly the right name for my yet unborn puppy.
Alright. I’ve described the stone-skipping process rather simply. The actual situation can be more complex and I don’t want to get into all that. If you’re interested I’ll add these references, you can follow up and read them (and I highly encourage you to!).
A DAY OFF!!! But that’s not what the plan says! How will I reach my goal if I take a day off?
The red one with the black skulls doesn’t work any longer, but I’m afraid to throw it away. I don’t remember what’s on it.
Baby Buns & Bunz Kidz - Girls
O’REILLY FW, STEVENS AB. Sickness absence due to influenza. Occup Med 2002; 52: 265-269.
Deep down inside, I know that what he did was wrong
My printer ink came in and it was only $13 for black and color refills via Amazon. I have not had ink in 3 months!
Philippians 4:6-7 (NLT)
“North Korea may consider abandoning (the test) if the United States agrees to a peace treaty,” the source said, reiterating a long-standing demand by Pyongyang for recognition by Washington and a treaty to end the 1950-1953 Korean War, which ended in a truce.
3 T butter
Finally we had the world premiere of Isaac Florentine's new direct-to-dvd movie Undisputed III. Florentine and one co-star Marko Zaror were on hand and it was a great, lively crowd. They cheered whenever Scott Adkins or Zaror would do some insane move, which is pretty often, and it made the film fun. If you have seen Undisputed II, you know what to expect here. It's wet punchy fun in a prison fighting movie kind of way.
He just wanted to win the election so he could say he made history, by being the first black president. When the work began to show up at his office, he started taking vacations so he could escape the responsibilities a President must face to be successful. He left the jobs to incompetent hacks who have no idea what it takes to run a paper route, much less a nation.
Atheist: That one is not funny!
In 1996, I moved to the States for grad school; specifically, Durham, NC, where I did a Ph.D. at Duke. School may have been the lure, but I quickly discovered that North Carolina was the most beautiful place I’d ever been. I lived there until 2002, then spent 2003 teaching at the University of South Carolina in Columbia. By the time I moved to Seattle in 2003, I had developed a fascination with the Carolinas that will never go away.
No amount is too small.
Finally, I was not sure if I got mad about my situation, I have already been able to yell with my real voice, it was full of rage when I screamed “AAAAHHHHH!”, then I got the chance to get up for seconds, and laid back again. Even though I was relieved and I sighed heavily, I stared in my ceiling for a long time, one of my cousins was there and asked me why I yelled. I said I had an ugly dream, f*ck. It was my first time to scream my whole life out. I was scared I have to admit, it was life and death for me. I find this dream more horrible now compared to my previous nightmares I have had since I was a child, like I felt my soul had partially lifted out from my body. It still gives me goosebumps while I am trying to reminisce it now.
He moved across the room and for a heart-stopping moment Sam thought he would hug her, but instead he held out his hand. She took it. It felt warm and soft.
Joanne
Then he proclaimed that God governs.
27) New England Patriots: LB Shea McClellin
I hope to be able to post more, but that will probably be when I have internet at home (Sometime after August 1st)
I am as curious as a child now than ever to see what happens when each new warp is wound and each new weft is inserted.
when the population increased so rapidly
* A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary.Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Here's a video that will really amaze you. I bet you have never seen THIS in your entire life. This has to be the most patient, loving cat on earth.
“Charlie;” I say.
I am in a completely different situation.
Good morning everybody (which is, right now, nobody).
-Restaurant discount
Sun And Steel (MCA)
My clothes are starting to get a little tight- the dress in this picture barely had room for me to breathe. Maternity clothes are not all that flattering and I'm trying to find things with elastic waists or flowing tops so I don't have to venture into the maternity department.
the heresy of your words
:: Last week's gorgeous weather was such a tease. It has been raining since Monday pretty much. Our backyard is a freaking lake. And there are giant worms and slugs coming out of who knows where and completely disgusting me. Of course Ryann is bouncing up and down, "Ohhhh WORM. Shh-lug. I want to see! I want to see!" Eeew eeew eeew. I HATE bugs of any kind. Except maybe butterflies.
It’s been reported that becoming disabled is like walking into a wall. You’ve been healthy your entire life, except for a few sprains, cuts and bruises. You never realized how your good health had added to your sense of well-being. You also never stopped to appreciate the value of a steady paycheck. But now, it has all ended.
Jack: But we all said them to each other on the bus. No one got mad.
When asked about who should replace Fabio Capello when he stands down after Euro 2012, Carragher stressed that the new boss should be English, and that having a foreign coach is a form of ‘cheating.’
Incredibly, the RGGI has managed to avoid public scrutiny of its operations by incorporating as a non-profit organization and leaving enforcement and regulation to the individual states. The corporation claims it does not have to respond to public requests for information since, technically, it is not actually a government entity.
86-00 Killed in the flooding of the Mediterranean
For those of you who have followed my planning and preparation, I thank you. I also thanks you for your words of encouragement and also, to those who have sponsored me; I hope you don’t want your money back.
Now I am not sure why I was worried about this event being very formal with my family involved in it, we are not renowned for being the most sensible family :-) Above is a photo of middle Sweetpea and Great Grandad Sweetpea with my Sister's tash bag, this went round the room for everyone to have photos taken with it. There was also a pair of plastic glasses with a willy nose doing the rounds too - goodness knows who bought that with them but the photos are very funny indeed :-)
Jeroen van Niele: Bass
The podcast was recorded at Levitz’s comedy club back on January 21 but audio of the episode had not been heard until this week.
Ahmanson Theater
Thursday- Problem Solving- Write your first name and last name. How many letters in each? How many letters all together? Which one has the most letters? Which one has the least letters? Click here for the label.
I used to stay on top of keeping things clean, but I’ve somehow let the mess get out of control, and now I don’t know how to keep up. It’s rather frustrating when you spend hours cleaning only to find your house in the exact same condition a few hours later. Moms, how do you cope? How do you keep up? I can certainly tell you that a clean house and car does wonders for my emotional well-being. Just imagine my angst to see a grilled cheese fall out of my car.
The man, Jonny, is talking about getting revenge for what happened back in the Civil War but the woman, Em, doesn't want him to go through with it. The object of the revenge? Well, he's sitting across the street in a saloon, enjoying lunch...
Your Blog Can Provide Therapy to You and Your Readers
He is also quadriplegic, has no swallow reflex and is also unable to cough.
Now go fetch some empty jars…
But this was always about the journey, rather than the destination. And it was a challenging, magical trip. Fortune smiled on us all the way. And a lot of very kind people gave us help, advice and encouragement.
All I know is this chick is very messy!
With the evolutionary concept, no obvious changes have been made with the cars layout. The retains a steeply raked attitude, Newey mentioned at the launch that the loss of EBDs will affect their ability to angle the car into the nose down attitude. But the evidence of the car on-track suggests that obtaining laptime with a lot of rake is not an issue.
GOOD COP or BAD COP?---Shit cop!
I KNOW! Sob for me... It's a terrible tragedy!
The weather is on the turn now so I will move into the green house and pot on chilli and peppers.
More importantly, the development of a registry should be a “service” that USATF provides (and coaches shouldn’t be charged, we don’t charge athletes for their drug tests) not to identify “drug” coaches, but to protect the youth that the sport serves. Because USATF is not only responsible for our “elite” athletes but oversees all of our youth programs. And to discover that we have been allowing coaches to work with our kids WITHOUT having done background checks on them is the height of irresponsibility on the part of USATF and appalling. If we are more concerned with whether or not a coach might embarrass the US by coaching an athlete that comes up “positive” than we are about putting our kids in the hands of potential pedophiles, drug pushers or individuals with other unsavory backgrounds, then the priorities of our leadership is in serious question!
Glass-House Stone Throwing
So not only do I get to announce a winner, I get to tell you about another great book to add to your list of perfect books for the holiday season. Congratulations Anna on winning and most importantly on your book!!
Happy Mothers Day beautiful Moms!
Biblical understanding is then only possible through the work of the Holy Spirit. The apostle put it this way in Romans 8:5-6.
Competing and Complementary Books. Make a list of books that compete with yours and those that complement it. Give a sentence or two about your reasoning.
Everyday is Like Sunday – Morrissey
The only thing that disappointed me was the ending. I really wanted Shannon to kill Brandy, not give her a new start. I mean, it was a nice thing to do, but it seemed inconsistent with her character. She was angry and spiteful and lonely, and saving Brandy’s life by giving her an identity she’s always wanted is just too big of a stretch for me. I guess it kind of furthers the idea of her being invisible though because now she isn’t even technically a person anymore since she abandoned her identity. I was also a little confused at how Brandy and Evie had planned everything. I didn’t really understand why she was wearing a bulletproof vest and then Evie hugged Shannon and thanked her…. I was able to follow everything up until that point. Well, except how Manus’ mention of sailing to Shannon was an indication that he was cheating on her with Evie. That didn’t make sense to me either but I figured I just overlooked something.
At the end of last week we were able to consider our personal understanding of scripture viewed through the historical perspective of the creation on the C of E, and the development of it’s three major traditions. This week I would like us to consider the inherent value of tradition by looking at another period in the history of the C of E when tensions were high and issues threatened its
08-14 Ghent, Belgium - St. Peter's Square
And the list goes on and on.
“Cows were sacrificed by aliens sending the White House into a panic declassified FBI files have revealed.
The aforementioned blues, then, are often where the real work comes in when it comes to remembering that it’s okay to feel a number of contradictory things at one time. See, I know that the blues are chemical. And I also know that they’ll pass – usually by the Sunday or Monday following chemo – and that I’ll start to feel a lot better, and hopefully ready to kick some ass again, before the next round. What I also know (insert groan to end all groans) is that – since there’s no end in sight to this chemo, given that it’s designed to, well, y’know, keep me here – is that this is what mine and P’s life looks like now.
And that is forever.
Adèle - Je Ne Veux Plus D'accordéon
We need to stop ignoring them. We need to get down to their level and not only "hear" them, but really hear what they are saying and address and acknowledge it. We need to respond to their first request for attention. Not their third. By putting them off, and ignoring the requests, we encourage our children to whine. The exact behavior we say we don't like.
Doubling over, Rel pressed his forehead to the cool stone and clamped his hands over his ears. He didn’t have time for this. Rissad could already be freeing himself. He clenched his teeth, lips pulled back in a silent snarl. Focus returned enough to get him back up to a sitting position. Did he need to go inside? No, the battlement would be enough. Would have to be enough; he was too close to losing his battle with the Second Realm’s logic to risk the impossible maze of the Court’s halls.
Last year dozens of people received saints to be their special patron, and there were miraculous connections. It was truly amazing. We pray that this year the Holy Spirit will again work so that all participants receive a saint that they will be able to pray to for aid throughout the entire year:
Like sharing this spicy-tangy chilli kaffir tamarind tofu dish with Simon on New Year's Eve.
THAT’S VOICEOVER! is an exciting, interactive, behind-the-scenes career event where the top talents in the voiceover industry reveal the practical steps to establishing and sustaining a career in this highly rewarding and intriguing field. Through targeted Q&A, audience participation and audition scenarios, a finely tuned and comprehensive picture is conveyed for anyone desiring to become a voiceover actor or to work in one of the supporting careers (producers, writers, directors, agents) that make up the broader industry.
handed you a
almost anything. Could you talk a bit about the different process required
Favorite quotes.
1. You reach your last day with the brilliant song that your life was meant to sing still silent within you.
'everywhere a bewildering mass of fruit blossom-apple,
I didn't really celebrate it today, my grandmothers and boyfriend visited, the rest of my family will come on friday and next week I'm throwing a big party together with my boyfriend (his birthday was 3 days ago, so we throw our parties together)!
Address: 1100 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, D.C.
Sign up now for our FIRST-EVER FREE Exclusive Health-D Session, where we’ll demystify health right in front of your FACE! We’ll be sharing actionable tips and zero-BS strategies on how to lose weight for REAL. It’s happening LIVE next Tuesday, May 8th at 8:00 pm Eastern Standard Time (EST).
Allow me to ask you a question; what is more impressive? (A) Breaking down musical barriers and, for better or worse, doing something that has never been done before? Or (B) working within an existing form, but nuancing it enough, so that you enhance it and evolve within it? I know that all of the Radiohead fans and virtually everyone who reads Pitchfork would pick A hands down, but I have always considered myself the traditionalist and opted for option B. On Dr. John’s Locked Down, you’re not getting anything new. It’s kind of ironic, since this is the album that will introduce Dr. John to a new generation of fans, but he’s really just doing the same thing he always has. The album is, at times, hard rock, at other times, psychedelic, and, at all times, overflowing with the flavor of New Orleans. It may be the same old tricks for a musician in his seventies, but it’s just different enough to feel like something you’ve never heard before.
But that rite of spring was upended this year. The critically endangered animals, which usually arrive in late March or early April to graze on shrimplike plankton, began arriving before Christmas, as water temperatures hovered several degrees above normal, dispersing only recently.
Honestly, I didn’t want to read this book. I didn’t want to touch it either. When I first saw the synopsis, I was like, Oh my God! It’s Mortal Instruments all over again! Don’t get me wrong, I love Mortal Instruments. I adore it! I just don’t see the point on reading a book with a kinda similar plot. And I’m not talking about the Shadow world and all that stuff. It’s the characters! It’s like a rip-off, only, they have the same author. But what the hell?! I decided to give it a shot.
Here we have a man – an experienced journalist known for his anal attitude to checking the provenance of stories – who wants his interrogators to accept that he knows the goal-difference for every team in the Premiership, but has never heard of Manchester United.
I still have not heard back from you. Please let me know if your answer is still “Dog”
Let’s Pretend
Good Friday fell on Friday the 13th in 1979, 1990, 2001. The next time it will happen is in 2063. Some think Good Friday the 13th is “good luck”, because then Easter Sunday is on April 15 which gives Americans an extra day to file taxes.
Don’t forget to come by and visit the site to check out our new look!
Yesterday was Learn Nothing Day, a holiday created by Sandra and Holly Dodd to poke a little fun at those folks who ask us questions like, "But if you don't go to school, how do you learn?"
energy for peaceful purposes,’’
They also had this printed on the front of a thong. Just FYI.
Verily, a shapely woman; to the touch like crape!
Too fast for anything but radio.
Thanks again everyone and if the 4 winners could email me their address
Congratulations Linnea!! Send me your mailing address and I will have your goodies off to you soon!!
Yep, that should do it. Given my less than stellar record of following through with New Year's Resolutions, I'll never do any of these things. And that's a good thing. You know, because of the whole reverse psychology thing. And, if by chance I keep my resolutions for the first time in my life, at least I can say that I kept my resolutions! It's a winning situation either way! See? I'm way too smart for one person.
In a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks until tips curl over.
Michelle and I actually started to measure the door with a couple dollar bills
All new brews this week include:
Now, that the list is chopped to ten we can eliminate one player from each position. The best starting five would be Derek Rose, Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Kevin Love, and Dwight Howard. I think everyone would agree that these players are the best at their individual position, with the exception of Kevin Love. In my opinion, Love is the most underrated player in the NBA. He scores more points, grabs more rebounds, and has a better jump shot than Blake Griffin. Love is not on ESPN’s top ten plays every night like Griffin, but he is the better overall player at this point. The only other player that is not in this top five that really should be is Kevin Durant. Durant is one of the best in the league without question, but unfortunately he is not the best player at his position. If you are not the best player at your position, then you are not the best in the league.
Pigs are flying in the air; pigs are flying
Make your own nachos
We have a stand up freezer, a treadmill, a workbench, all our household paints, nostalgic items from our childhoods…
right here, on the outside
Lucy looked unsure. “Where does this train go?”
Fantasie in G major (1868)
Look for the “Florida Grass-Fed Beef” booth at the Delray GreenMarket. The vendor is Arrowhead Beef based in Chipley, Florida, and their meat comes from free-range cattle that eat a natural grass and forage diet. No hormones or antibiotics are used.
Sarah was always in a bad mood and she was stressed out a lot. Sometimes she would wonder why she took the job as governor. It was too hard, she said; there was so much going on.
Her cold hands on my forehead were a soothing change,a caress which meant home.And peace.
2010.09.05 Iraq Baghdad 12 36 Six Fedayeen attack a government building, killing a dozen Iraqis.
Of course you need to try and time your crossing of the bridge as every half hour the bridge may go up to let boats go in and out of the harbor.
Suarez (24), (28), (82)
For those of you, who have steadfastly traveled with me thus far on the road to biblical submission; probably already have a keen sense of what God plans to teach us at this junction.
Tak Matsumoto/ Composer “Theme from Ultraman” and “Never Goodbye”
Oh guess what I picked up at the beginning of the week...
“Sunpeaks also has become aware that Internet newsletters have been making unsupportable claims, inappropriate comparisons and unjustifiable common stock performance projections about the company,” the release stated.
In order to qualify as a Part 36 Offer, the offer must comply with CPR 36.2 (including (a) being in writing, (b) stating on its face it is intended to have the consequences of Section I of Part 36, and (c) specifying a period of not less than 21 days within which the defendant will be liable for the claimant’s costs if the offer is accepted). It has been held that an offer only open for 21 days does not comply – the offer must be open until withdrawn by notice appropriately served. So Cautious’s offer would not in any event have been an offer under Part 36, because it expires after 21 days. Likewise, an offer which specifies the costs consequences would not be a Part 36 Offer, as that is inconsistent with Part 36, which sets out the costs consequences.
This one is their first and last time.
Somebody’s Hero – Jamie O’Neal
following the ghost of Spanish footsteps that must have,
This deliciously warm scarf is begging for me to wear him, but many problems plague me if I were to fold.
Just for today be thankful for your many blessings
Right, of course they weren't
Transdniester refused to become part of post-Soviet Moldova as it foresaw both states being reabsorbed into Romania. Abkhazia, South Ossetia and Adjara, parts of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, didn’t desire to be included in the Republic of Georgia and majority-Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh adopted a similar approach to post-Soviet Azerbaijan. The above are collectively known in certain circles as the frozen conflicts in former Soviet space.
but now we are together
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas: 29 (10, 9, 10) + 10 = 39
There are Two Paths Ahead; Each Marked with a “Danger” Signpost
Some have asked why I called my last post "A letter to Tory England". I did so, because it is aimed at those living in the villages and Market Towns of so called “Middle England” and because they are primarily white and primarily they vote for the Conservative party. Yes, there are Labour voters in the countryside, as there are Tories in the cities, however, if one were to strip away the large urban areas of Britain (dream on) and leave only those parts of it I am addressing there would a huge and permanent Tory majority, at least there would be until everything begins to crumble.
bespell the ink so a vampire could be tattooed. Normally they healed too fast
It's amazing to watch how things have progressed with Ryan's fine motor skills. Gross motor has always been his strong suit, with how he learned to walk so soon and how he took to being such a fearless dare-devil. He has always enjoyed a bit of "drawing" or "kuh-woh" as he calls it, but moreso now I notice he is taking lots of time and really focusing on what he is doing. They are still marks of lines and dot-dot-dots, but now they are more purposeful. He is even making attempts to colour within the lines with his crayons!
A 15 foot plunge into the pond. I don’t like heights, so I wasn’t thrilled, but barely moving my lead filled legs, I jumped in the cold water!
Fast forward some 25 years, and I type (for work) and cook (for pleasure—and family) everyday— with the occasional sewing project thrown in on special occasions.
Goodbye. I said goodbye to one of my best friends this weekend. Tavi – the same Tavi that gave me my awesome new haircut, took me to my first yoga class, and came with me to my plastic surgery consultation – is gone. He and his boyfriend Antonio are both aerialists, and they booked a gig in a circus show that’s bring performed on a cruise ship. So, for the next seven months, they’re going to be cruising up and down the Pacific coast, from Alaska to Colombia, flipping and swinging and twirling the whole way.
I always thought Valentine was for lovers & couples.
First and foremost – this is for my best friend Joni. I happen to have a very nice and fulfilling vacation before my birthday. When suddenly – a girl friend of mine sent me a pile of email with a 20 minute interval. I wanted to comfort her, but I am miles away. So, for you my friend, and all the girls out there – Cheer up! This is the day when you will stop “figuring it out”.
lance rautzhan got a card of his own in 1979, and it looks a lot like davalillo's
The big night finally arrives. I’m all set! Thermos flask loaded with tea, small candle lantern to see me through the vigil, full box of ciggies and a couple of lighters and away I go. I had barely started the car before the heavens opened. Torrential rain poured from the dark night sky, driving was treacherous and given that the build-up and anticipation for the coming vigil was already near overflowing, my nerves were close to breaking point! I was relieved to finally arrive safely at St Margaret’s.
4) Ready to serve.
1 TS vanilla
“Something the Lab had come up with to deal with the Neos. It operates on a jamming principle, designed to short out a Neos soldier-class drone and render it immobile and helpless until we could get it secured and transported for analysis. Now–mind you–this was a prototype and fell into disuse; meaning that it never went past the primary production stage–”
Things she may never possess,
Around 400 BCE Aristotle in his Politics, went over the numerous kinds of government systems. (I’ll spare you a lot of Aristotle’s words because, as much as I love the man’s philosophy, what is left of his works has a style dryer than a stale cracker in the middle of the Gobi desert at noon…that and I’m planning a whole series of blogs on his Nicomachean Ethics to start in a month or so, so don’t think you’re getting out of this). The long and short of it is that he dislikes extremes. Rule by only the rich leads to corruption and misery. Rule by only the poor leads to stealing the wealth of the rich and anarchy. Rule by one person leads to tyranny and suffering. Rule by letting everyone vote (even if they’re criminals or non-citizens…I wonder who would be dumb enough to support something that insane?) leads to chaos and anarchy. Aristotle liked middle ground.* He liked the idea of a constitutional government, of a government of what he called aristocracy (we would call it a republic or representative government) and democracy, of where the law was higher than the whim of the ruling body (a set Constitution that is higher than the will of the mob) but not set in stone where it can never be changed (the process of amending that constitution). But of the things he goes over a lot is his distrust of the very rich and the very poor. He points out that whenever the concerns of either of these groups takes precedent it is the middle classes that suffer first followed by the entire government collapsing under the weight of corruption and chaos.
Now, I’m all for being healthy and fit. I am currently on my own fitness quest, though I’ll spare you the before pictures. But I have lived long enough and far exceeded the maximum paleolithic lifespan to have learned a simple truth. Moderation is the key. A little butter or bacon or barbecue or tiramisu won’t kill you. And it definitely adds to the deliciousness of life.
“Sure uncle ji”, Sameer took the keys and the bags and kept them safely on his scooter.
We all got ready and left fairly early just to get her to stop asking us when we were going to go bye bye. This meant that we got to the theater early. I figured she’d be easily amused by the sights and sounds and would have no issues waiting from 2:00 p.m. ‘til 2:40 when the movie would start.
Most of you all have probably heard the saying, song, or whatever, "Life is just a bowl of cherries". This song has been playing in my head the whole time I was putting this card together and I don't even know any other words to it....Hence, the cherry charm. I changed the words to "Fun is just a tub of bubbles" to go with the image for a birthday that's coming up in January.
come back...
The cost of Aeropostal items may be stated to become in between that of Express or Gap that is much more costly, and Old Navy that is less expensive. This tends to make the brand a preferred amongst numerous simply because it combines affordability with fantastic style. Therefore, it is now 1 with the biggest clothes companies within the marketplace.
16. “Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.” -C.S. Lewis
I’m not a big steak person so giving up beef isn’t that big a deal. I converted to turkey burgers a long time ago, only eating beef burgers from time to time. I eat pork a couple of times a year, usually ham for holidays and my family recipie of chopped North Carolina Style bbq (also known as pulled pork). I make that like once in the summer. Once again, I happily replaced pork bacon with turkey bacon in my diet.
Do this for yourself. You deserve it and so does your family. Think of it this way, you're really spending that $39 not only on yourself but on your family as well. Having a calmer, more organized mom with more time to spend on the important things rather than trying to come up with all of this on her own is truly such a blessing to all members of the family. You'd spend $39 (or more) taking them out to eat wouldn't you? (Ok, so maybe on a special occasion you would. A trip to McDonald's for our family is around $28-$30!) Just think how much longer this will actually last and bless you and your family. I plan on using this and reading through the articles and information over the course of the whole school year. That averages out to a mere $3.25 a month! Now seriously, who can't afford to spend $3.25 on themselves?!
Some may agure that extending unemployment is not the answer, but without this small amount of help many will do without. It is not for lack of trying as jobs are almost non exsistant today. The only thing that is stopping the United States from returning to the unemployment rates of the depression is unemployment benifits. Yet, now the republicans, think the best thing to do is block this legislation.
Gregory: you said Mitt was more ruthless than
reviewing:
Leave room for mystery.
And through roasting zeros
Whatever they say, I’m not listening. I’m just ignorant enough to stay that way in my happy little bubble of belief that there are others like me who do not wish to engage in a series of processes to see which will prove successful, but rather a “real” connection based on healthy communication and sincerity.
The stories are wonderfully offbeat and the style is pulpy and breathless. There are various malevolent figures working for the German Empire who seem to be inspired by fictional diabolical criminal masterminds such as Dr Fu Manchu. In fact the tone is a bit like Sax Rohmer’s Fu Manchu stories but with more technology and more science, albeit weird fringe science. A cross between the Fu Manchu books and Buck Rogers.
I’ll finish off with a picture I alluded to in my previous posting about the 10 soles bill as I found an image of an older note with the upside-down plane. Enjoy.
I remember being young and listening to my parents discuss how in England, young unmarried pregnant girls were being supported by the State via generous welfare and free housing. As young as I was, even I realised that this was not a good thing as it would only lead to more and more young girls getting pregnant to get the same benefits. Today England sits in crisis on all fronts. In South Africa at that time, it was a huge scandal to be at school, unmarried and pregnant. The pregnant girls usually left school in disgrace to have their baby and then completed their education elsewhere. When did that thinking change? Why is it no longer a scandal? Because do-gooders around the world thought they knew best and started guilting us into accepting all kinds of anti-social behavior. They wanted our societies to be more interracial (!). They wanted gays to be allowed out in the open (and now married). They wanted more abortions (now late-term abortion is acceptable). They wanted drugs to legalised (cannabis already is). They wanted girls to be able to have babies at a young age and then be supported for the rest of their lives. They keep pushing the envelope until there is a cave in. Pretty soon the deluge of girls dropping out of school to have their welfare babies started. In South Africa, the ANC announced welfare to all mothers earning under a certain amount. Bang - out popped hundreds of thousands of fatherless babies, just so the mother could get claim welfare money. Of course they don't think a little further - that these kids cost you for the rest of your life and that they grow up repeating the cycle. No, that's what the government is for - they are responsible for looking after their kids - that would be you, Mr and Mrs Tax Payer. This is also the reason why the majority of Blacks in America vote for the Democrats, their enablers. Cradle to grave welfare. Michigan is finally getting it, but how do they tackle the problem? It's not so easy to put the Genie back in the bottle once out. The common sense answer is staring everyone in the face, but the PC police won't have it. Just STOP the welfare.
For years, I struggled, trying to hear God’s voice, hearing it, then doubting if it was really God. My doubt screamed at me so loud, and I was screaming so hard back, that I wasn’t even listening. Everyone has their own language with God. How he talks with me isn’t how he talks with you. Well, some of it is, because there are forms of communication that is pretty good—but DON’T underestimate ANYTHING.
Fishing…
“You guys want to hear some more old shit or what?” Billie Joe Armstrong says before opening the track “Who Wrote Holden Caulfield?” and adds after strumming a few notes, “This song is my favorite song from Kerplunk by the way.” Armstrong’s energy and enthusiasm pumps me up every time I listen to this part of the album. Much like attending one of their shows, Green Day keeps you entertained and somehow builds upon your excitement with each subsequent song. The album Insomniac is finally represented with “Geek Stink Breath” and like the previous five songs, a classic song will always be great no matter what.
"What are friends for?"
Sharing rooms is also a productions trick to save money. when your on location with the same people all day the last thing you want is to be stuck with them all night, often with runners you will never have met the other runner you are sharing with either. This is a nightmare, do they snore? Will they hog the bathroom? Will they be tidy? On one production they decided to stick the runners in their own cottage, two girls and three boys all sharing one working shower that was located in the girls room. Hideous. Having boys wondering into your room in the morning to shower and leaving bits of themselves in there. Disgusting. But this was luxury compared to my next accommodation.
-ADIOS, NIRVANA by Conrad Wesselhoeft -- this one's not out yet, but I just finished reading an ARC courtesy of netgalley and it is AMAZING. Like, the male POV version of The Sky is Everywhere, but without the romance. So, so good (I should state that this book is repped by my agency, but I didn't actually know that when I read it. So.).
Laura began to cry. Not the great, heaving sobs of hours ago when Hayley had returned without her daughter, but very simple, honest tears that rolled down her porcelain skin without affecting any other part of her. The tears were warm against her cheeks, and it was only this that made her realise the pimples on her flesh were not there out of fear, but rather because she was cold.
Miss Honeysuckle tutored me for the best part of a year, and would have doubtless continued for the best part of a decade had I not gently prodded her to conclude our business.
after winter. The Spring moon is wanton,
“Who?” asked Steve.
Yesterday I spoke to a few of the newb group and it looks like our sessions have come to an end. With new jobs, surgeries, moves and scheduling I decided to end it. A couple of the goers, younger guys, were disappointed, but understood. I told them I would print out a couple copies of the rules for them (probably S&W core or complete I'm not sure) so they can run their own old school game with a group of their friends. They already have the dice. I told them all they really need is a set of the rules and some paper and pens.
For some reason my sister returned having been crying. Mum gave her an evil drunk look and then turned away in disgust. Rachel flopped down on a bean bag anf wiped her fringe out her wet eyes. She must have cracked and admitted to the horrors of what we were all living.
I still have to say that my favorite week in those bungalows was the week Karissa and I got married. We filled all 18 bungalows and a few surrounding villas with family and friends and watched as our little yoga and Pilates detox haven became the family retox centre.
"You're not short- you're fun-sized!"
The first of these answers might seem to be justified by the fact that, in the memorable words of our Lord to Nicodemus, the birth by water and that of the Spirit seem to be spoken of as elements in the same great change; and by the further fact that the Apostles seem ever to refer to the moment of Baptism as the time when that change took place. But a small amount of reflection suffices to show that to this view there are many and insuperable objections. A large amount of confusion of thought has been caused on this subject by the habit of theorising on the subject of infant Baptism, and the benefits that are believed to flow from it, instead of basing our conclusions on that which was actually revealed with respect to the Baptism of adults. Few will have the temerity to affirm that the mere process of baptizing an adult, whatever his moral condition or attitude, will produce real spiritual regeneration. A man may submit to baptism merely because the chief of his tribe has become a nominal Christian, and he desires to keep in his favour; or he may be baptized, as multitudes of Jews recently were in Russia, merely to escape persecution. To suppose that, in response to a sacrilegious abuse of the sacrament, the Holy Ghost confers on the recipient the blessing of regeneration, and works in him, as the reward of his impiety, the greatest and most beneficent change that supernatural power can effect, is to come perilously near blaspheming the Holy Ghost. But as soon as the admission is made that the act of Baptism does not produce regeneration in such cases, logic constrains us to conclude that Baptism is not the cause of regeneration; nor is it even, if we regard God Himself as the cause, a condition upon which it is absolutely dependent. In such cases as we have suggested unquestionably the man is not regenerated; but he may become so, if he comply with certain other conditions ; that is to say, if he subsequently exhibits that frame of mind which ought to have accompanied his Baptism. His regeneration, then, will have been dependent, on man’s side, not on his Baptism, but on the sincerity of his repentance and the reality of his faith.
Welcoming Lucy to the World:
Tammy and I spent Friday cruising the grounds at the Minnesota State Fair. We caught a bus from the Burnsville transit station and paid $5 for round trip tickets for us each. We planned to be back around 6 or 7 that night but we were having too nice of a time to pack it in so soon. I called my neighbor Mark to see if he could possibly let the pups out for us and he was kind enough to do that and would accept payment in the form of a pale of Sweet Martha's Cookies. He was only joking but I thought it made for a nice trade-off.
Wipe down the handles and light switches and anything that gets touched on a daily basis. Also, make sure you dust and vacuum. That apartment has been sitting for quite some time since the last tenant and professional cleaner, and maybe it was even shown to a few potential renters before you. Dust the tops of the doors and the storage railings in the closets and any other surface.
The Last Word is an easy and delightful book to read. Benn does a great job of drawing the reader into the story, helping us to see ourselves in the disciples and in turn, points us to the comforting last words of Jesus as the source of life. This book would be a great devotional and with the study questions in the back it would make for a helpful Bible study guide for a small group. This is the kind of book every Christian can benefit from as they dive into the final words of Jesus.
Here are the 10 most jobless countries:
Change is a norm for me at the moment and although at times I have huge anxiety and it doesn’t bode well for my stress levels I am learning more and more each day challenging myself to do things I couldn’t have ever had dreamed of.
Naturally, eating will give you energy. You can get food by planting and harvesting crops and animals. You can use them to buy meals from the marketplace. There are 7 meals in the market you can choose from. They range from light snacks to all you can eat meals.
This is another piece that sold at Susan Powell Fine Art before I could even post it here. I really like how this one turned out. It is what I strive for in my work. A balance of warm and cool, light and dark, and tight and loose.
Roberts is a masterful storyteller in how she develops her characters. I can see why she has written so many books. She does a great job of building the back story behind the characters. However, what made this story hard for me was that I didn't really like the main character, Mackensie Elliot (aka "Mac") very much. I couldn't get behind her to root for her and the issues that she was facing with her family and her relationships. There were many points of the book that I just wanted to say to Mac, "Get over it!"
Despite the hissiness of this tape, it's clearly the best of four tapes sampled - so enjoy this immense Zappateer co-production, won't you?
Israel did not just steal most of the Palestinian land. With the excuse of terrorism it also controls the little that it left for the Palestinian people. In the little spit the Palestinians have, Israel has created a buffer zone, to protect itself. This so called ‘conflict zone’ is in an area where Palestinian tend their fields. Needless to say, the Palestinians are angry. So are those who support their cause.
In case you don't know, they serve gluten free noodle for those who are allergic. They do have normal pasta too, but why not give that a try? They use quinoa noodles, and it's pretty close to normal pasta texture. The mac and cheese has 5 types of cheese. It has Swiss, mozzarella, parmesan, cheddar, and fontina cheese. To be honest, I can't tell what fontina cheese tasted like, but with the combination with all of them worked for me. It's cheesy for sure. Not as cheesy as the ones I've had at BRC, but at a stromy night, that will do.
10. Tianjin: I have never really had the desire to live in a Big City, but Tianjin definitely is that(around 13 million people). Tianjin is really beautiful though, and has a very international flair, and I feel so blessed to live here. I would highly recommend googling “Tianjin at Night” images, to just have an idea of the beautiful city I get to experience every time I go into town.
“Governor Palin will change the dynamics of the entire presidential race,” she said. “Her admirable record of confronting corruption and living her pro-life convictions shows she is a doer, not just a talker. Sarah Palin will make history as a vice presidential candidate – and not simply because she’s a woman, but because she’s a woman of substance and character.”
Finally, I love how concrete the details of the Toronto setting are. O’Connell uses street names and landmarks a lot, such that reading World sometimes felt like taking a walk/bike ride/drive around the city. I especially love that O’Connell even gives Mississauga a shout-out. Maggie spends some time in Port Credit (in southern Mississauga), and her description, making it sound so different from the city, almost like a quaint little town. Grace O’Connell is already Random House of Canada’s New Face of Fiction; I can imagine Magnified World entering the canon of Toronto literature because it gives such a sense of place.
what can i have for supper
See the video in the link above
what i love about this collaboration most of all, in retrospect, is that it formed a bond amongst the 15 artists that is still there today; our "leader", lynne perrella, still sends out group letters to us all that will trigger responses from quite a few of us in return. we talk of art, and food, and books, and museum visits, we remember childhood stories, childhood dreams. even today lynne sent out a letter talking about housecleaning, purging, airing things for spring and how good all of that feels.
M is for Mystery Bookstore, San Mateo, CA
It cannot be said that binding demons or the souls of the dead for such purposes is necessarily appealing, or even ethical, in modern magical practice, though it still does occur. It is even less appealing to inflict such curses and bindings on someone from whom one wishes to have erotic and romantic favors. This kind of violent manipulation is one of many things that gave magic a bad name in ancient times. It’s an interesting historical curiosity, but it is something that we don’t necessarily have to carry on in the modern world, when there are better ways to handle such things. Picking up the phone and calling the person, or crossing the crowded dance floor and saying “Hello” are both acts that are simpler, faster, and though often requiring more courage, are also often more immediately effective, and just as magical in potentially every way.
1) Best LGBT relationship?
Is it because we're not getting any younger . . . we value our time (especially the FREE time), and want to spend it in more meaningful ways than cleaning a home that is bigger than we need, and trimming and mowing a yard that is bigger than we need? . . . yeah partially . . .
Roman Dalton wakes in a flat with no memory of how he got there. Ton Ton Macoute's men are after him and millionaire Harry Nero is engaged in kidnapping and zombification. All Roman knows is he has to find Daisy before it's too late. The only problem is, he can't remember who Daisy is. A dark intense story by Richard Godwin involving slavery, which looks at the genesis and workings of Roman's lycanthropy.
However, even people who have come here legally disagree with Ludwick’s point of view. “Education is one of those things that should not rely on one’s immigration status. Educated individuals make a better society regardless of where they live,” said Miral Bessed, a UO student who immigrated legally to the U.S. from Pakistan 10 years ago. “I know plenty of people who are born and raised here and have all the benefits, but do not care about obtaining education. If someone has the drive and the commitment to attain knowledge, I believe it’s only fair to facilitate it for them.”
Mama Dazz and I met up with an old friend of hers a few weeks later at Walker’s Grille for lunch. I had the same dish as before: trout en papillote. This is the only fish dish I’ve ever had that I can remember eating the entire thing, skin and all. Both times the fish was light and moist, flaky and melt-in-your-mouth delectable, and it is light enough to match whatever time of day you are craving it. I hope to recreate this dish in the summer, but to continue on with my story…
How about we practice what we preach, people?!? Let’s show the world BY EXAMPLE, shall we? We don’t always need to agree with everyone on every idea or issue. But we DO need to be RESPECTFUL, both in our support or in our disagreement.
Running Time- 92 minutes (“R”)
But the real pleasure in this show is the snappy dialogue. You don’t have to understand much about the characters to see the beauty in this quote. Raylan, U.S. Marshall is threatening Boyd, childhood friend, adult frenemy. Theirs is an odd relationship, but for the purpose of this quote, you only need to know that Raylan has just found out that Boyd used Raylan’s aunt’s house as an Oxy clinic. In addition to the other problems in his life, this makes Raylan a bit uptight.
caught
Matthew 11:28
“What did I do, officer?” asked the driver casually.
The funiest dog on earth is a pug.
I’m so sad that I didn’t get the opportunity to give her the grand tour of Miranda (our campervan) as I’d promised her I would. I wish I had realised that I didn’t have as much time as I thought I did to do that, but that was Denise for you. She’d outlived her initial prognosis by leaps and bounds and somehow she seemed to me to be invincible (I’d been very worried about her back in Jan/Feb but her attitude made me think I was being ridiculously pessimistic and so I snapped myself out of it and went back to thinking she was invincible). She wasn’t the sort of person to wallow in self pity; always downplaying her troubles and always so much more interested in helping other people; even when she’d had a bad day she’d be looking forward to the good one that was just around the corner. I will never ever not be awe inspired by her courage, her joie de vivre, and I will treasure my memories of her always.
Break the mask that hides my face,
Maybe I even wanted to feel some secret excitement as beautiful strangers wandered in and out of the cafe, possibly noticing what book I was holding. Ooh, she's being naughty, reading erotica...YES!YES!YES!.. I was okay with that. And so I read on. It'll kick in and I'll become really engaged, I thought. Hmm... just a couple more paragraphs. Waiting...
Melodrama: Pretty self-explanatory. In trying to be too exciting, the developer will make the opening sequence so melodramatic that it's impossible to take seriously. This is obviously a bad thing when the game isn't meant to be goofy and it will instantly put people off continuing with the game.
2. You Gotta Be Crazy
This game sets Aragorn in a scouting round, facing a few goblins, and teaching you the close combat mechanics. Once again, a race towards the gates on the other side of the table. This time however the goblins get to stop Aragorn most of the time (the gaming area is so small) but he just keeps beating and killing them!
We have the pleasure of interviewing young music legend DJ static. His unique style of beats have been used by artists such as Rakim, Black Moon, Rass Kass, Poison Pen, Talib Kweli, Jean Grae, Killer Mike, Sean Price, Baha Men etc… He’s also provided music for the web series “P-Dash News”, the Showboat Classic web series and Documentary. Follow the link
We go a step or two further than some. If we should happen to stumble upon something we had never even thought about, that would be absolutely and completely right for someone in our family, well, that is a definite mitzvah, a blessing! (Hey, I'm playing a Jewish mother in my upcoming show....it wears off, you know?) If we find that something we know in our hearts, will touch the recipient with some emotional connection, well, we know it will be "The Best Gift". I wrote about this breifly in a previous post, (from a Christmas-Past.) The ultimate, most successful and wonderful-est gift is the one that brings the tears.
So where does that leave me. Well I agreed to a party—small, but there was real chocolate cake and some of our closest friends. That was a big step in the right direction. My dearest handled the birthday event. He has done so even though I have been non-committal and just plain difficult about it. I think he was willing to let me not let anyone do anything for my birthday, but not particularly happy about it. All I could think about was having an event that marks the fact that I am another year older. But I am okay with that–yes, I am able to handle the happy birthday party. I am even fine with some ugly over-the-hill cards. Laughing at my age, at my age, is good for the soul.
raging like reckless fire
Whether you paint, draw, take photographs, knit, sew, or glue macaroni onto paper plates, we want to see your creative output.
Now some of these won’t make sense to you (I’ll try to explain), but here we go and give it a cost rating. Cause that’s just fun. (Free, $ little money, $$ some money, $$$ lots of money.)
Assuming you aren’t weirded out by the artwork then LotFP shines as pretty much the tightest version of D&D ever. This virtue comes across most clearly in the section devoted to what I call “operations”, i.e. how to open a door or check for traps or crap like that. Most reviews of most D&D descendants (and many whole games!) completely skip this stuff because it's usually boring to read, but in actual dungeoneering play these mechanics are crucial. LotFP delivers the best, most coherent set of operations rules I’ve ever seen.
2 Unlimited No limit B/NL
As the line of storms hit our area, it rained cats and dogs, but not long. Even well before colonial times, superstitious persons believed cats symbolized the rain and dogs the wind; thus, the saying.
“Yup, I came to watch speedskating.”
It is interesting to note, that there is no reference to David’s sin against Bathsheba and Uriah in the Book of Chronicles. This could be due to Chronicles focusing on the kings of Judah, from which Jesus’s lineage came. However, we do see that there were many evil kings of the Southern Kingdom as well.
Saturday morning I decided I would finish trimming and hauling the holly hedge. This is an undertaking because it's 2oo linear feet of hedges and uphill hauling. As the clock rolled around to mid afternoon I noticed some of the bushes were looking droopy. This is not a good sign. I never get too worried when the annuals go to drooping but when the shade growing bushes get the droop it is an indication of urgent need. So I turned the sprinklers on and went to fetch bags of mulch.
One piece of advice that was given to me at the script-writing workshops. Hear the way that strangers talk. See what you can learn from their personality through their conversations. Pick up the pauses, the slang, the tone. It’s gold.
One of the many new 'Delft' tiles I am creating for my Umbra Sumus (We Are But Shadows) solo show at the end of this month (April 27 - 29 inclusive) in Spitalfields.
We wrapped up the leftovers for another day. And the darned thing came back to life!
In China they placed their faith in ponzi lending and collateral of stockpiles of copper …. After the credit and banking bust, the Chinese like the Europeans will place their trust in the seigniorage of diktat.
...Live, Laugh and Love peeps, I wish all of you a happy and prosperous 2012 New Year ahead..Cheers from NYC.
Avery Brewing Company New World Porter
And one.
as a holding bay for prisoners who were going to be transported.
On a subject other than art, Ben and I take Owen to the Child Development Centre every week, and on one visit they gave us some songs and activities that could help him (and Angus) develop the baby things that they need to develop.
Time Out.
While the Overall was a palate ripping bitter hop bomb this is a more tempered affair, not a full-frontal assault more of a measured bombardment, but still with masses of flavour and complexity. It pours a muddy orange amber with a rocky tan-coloured head. The aroma is like smelling a sharp, tart and bitter orange coffee marmalde with a wet ashiness giving you a big hint of what's in store. It's slightly oily but also drying on the palate, with citric coffee and orange peel and honeyed nougat flavours washing through before seemingly pooling on the centre of the tongue, pushing a big pine lemony nutty grapefruit aroma up into and completely filling the nose. A citrussy hoppy maltiness in the aftertaste leaves a wispy smokey roast bitter coffeeness playing in the mouth and nose, and an intense dry bitterness drying slowly on the back of the throat.
Ignorance masquerading as the intelligentsia is never impressive. Promoting hate for the sake of visitor hits is pathetic.
However, there are also some paintings from his time spent in America when he was better known for his paintings of Californian swimmings pools than English landscapes. Some of his paintings were originally iPad sketches which he has transferred to canvas. One of his old lecturers from his days as a student in his home town of Bradford has described his work as that of a decorator. I only wish that I could decorate half as well as him.
Shouting 'fire' in a crowded room is not the excercise of free speech, and preaching race hatred, especially in a city which knows such relative deprivation and has remarkably harmonious and wide racial diversity, should not be protected as a right, but clearly seen for what it is, vindictive and malicious poison.
How long before you’re hearing about Hugo & Victor everywhere you turn? Start counting sheep backwards. It will be before you reach…
it's as if we're taking that flat,
Standing in the water I watched the shapes made by the frothy layers of fabric and lace; snake-like. The sea crashed and seethed as gulls circled. By the time we walked back, photos finished, the sun had once again disappeared behind a cloud and coffee beckoned.
Romney Also Alleged That The National Rifle Association Endorsed Him In 2002 - Another Mistake. "Romney claimed on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' last Sunday that he received from the National Rifle Association while running for governor of Massachusetts in 2002, when it turned out the group had never endorsed him." (The New York Times, 12/22/07)
Hashimoto notices in his work that any cultural bearing that kites have also carry a cultural and political dimension. As the delicate rice paper frames stand suspended or hang out from the wall, the solid graphic symbols, not quite recognizable, bring the viewer quietly into a world where kites can serve as release from political tyranny or the day to day rigor of life. Hashimoto tries to weave his formal concerns with the visual social reality around him. In this pursuit, he is successful. While the sculptures serve as a quite brilliant reflection of sculpture and painting, they also present a festive quality of a pageant. When the kites form a cave, somewhere between flight and enclosure, they call attention to the limits of the room, serving as passages out of the room and as chains to stay in the room. Such limits are constantly imposed by society as well and the Hashimoto teaches us this beautiful lesson.
At 7pm, I told the kids to shut off all electronics, and start on their chores. In about an hour, the house looked MUCH better. I sent the big kids to their rooms to read, and helped the little kids clean their room. I helped them with their prayers, tucked them in, and turned out the light. I had to go back in about 5 minutes later for something, and realized that they were both awake. And sleeping in the same bed.
You’re wondering if it is really worth it though. Absolutely! You can get people to check in sporadically for sales, coupon codes, new releases etc… but if you give people something they feel they are a part of they will check back far more regularly just to see what is happening with it. You’ll get your visitors not only engaging with you, but with your other visitors as well. This helps foster positive feelings about your brand and that is something you can’t buy.
No more denial. No more excuses. We have an unhealthy marriage. There I said it. It’s not me, it’s not him – it’s us.
And while I reached down
Here is the 7th installment of Silver Canyon's Pantone Spring Color Series featuring work of the Jewelry on Etsy Team- http://silvercanyons.blogspot.com/2010/02/fashion-color-report-for-spring-2010_24.html
Plot
Well, the next morning, we started our riding route. I was impressed that people offered me large sums of money for my bike. That’s when I started to think, ‘Why not founding an NGO to distribute bicycles in Cuba?’
1) making a purchase on our LP website
But a more nuanced portrait of Zimmerman has emerged from a Reuters investigation into Zimmerman’s past and a series of incidents in the community in the months preceding the Martin shooting…
Bank of America in California refused to accept cash for a mortgage payment. The manager of the bank said it was against their policy to accept legal tender physical currency (aka U.S. dollars) as payment for BoA mortgages.
PLEASE NOTE:
Leftover chicken
I then jumped out of bed and ran downstairs to get them. In the process, I hit my hip on my dresser, stubbed my toe on my door frame, and stumbled down the stairs, my body unable to keep up with the speed that I demanded of it. I raced over to my purse, rummaging through every inch of it until I found them. “Aha!”, I said aloud, and raised the glasses up in the air, triumphantly. “Got ‘em!”
The Owls replaced United as the second place of the league table with a one-point lead.
4. In the Pocket
Remarkably, he didn't launch. The rocket sat on the pad without the motors igniting. I gave him my estimated time of arrival at the airport, and suggested that he might like to call another company with cars closer. Nope. He wanted to salvage the situation.
Today at work I found myself writing bad poems whenever I took a break. I don’t know why. I don’t write poems often. But I can be consistently bad at it. I tweeted about it, and someone asked to share one. So, here you go, dear reader, a bad poem from a work break:
When it's cold they huddle together for warmth, when their father comes home and beats them they take it together, and when they play it's rough or involves them hunting together like a pack. Their mother works graveyard shifts at the local brewery, often getting confused as to what time of day or even day it is. The boys learn not to correct her after a while, it being easier than the time she tried to send Joel next door at midnight to get butter so she could make a cake for Manny
If being in school is like riding a train, then traditional homeschooling is like riding in a car. Your parents are driving and you get to sit with your brothers and sisters if you have any. But other than these two common elements, the details of the car ride can vary greatly, depending on your parents' views on education.
K. Kids: Emmett Jeffrey, born 1/8/2011
TV series: Leave It to Beaver (1957-63); The New Leave It to Beaver (aka Still the Beaver) (1984-85; 1986-89)
All five inmates were eventually released from lockdown. But one of the dancing inmates snitched on Martucci, triggering an investigation.
Sounds great! The movie creates all the stardust that Hollywood is famous, or infamous, for. But really think about it. Would you give up everything about your life to be with someone new? Tommy knew Fiona for one day. He met practically everyone in the village. The village population might swell over time, but it would never appreciably diminish. He would never drive a car again. He would never drink an old-fashioned again or listen to jazz. He would not see his family or friends again or go to a job in a high-rise again. Could you let that go? No electricity? No TV, movies, or libraries?
* Gina Samardge (Princess Penny), the accordionist, used to play with the Main Squeeze Orchestra, which is not a bit surprising. Her character has a sweet, wide-eyed innocence that no doubt helps her connect with her other major constituency when she is not playing with the Maestrosities, which is kids. (She is not only a teacher but a children’s entertainer. And, baby, both of those jobs take guts).
and so must sink,
and won the remaining sixteen holes with ease.
None of it is there
I`m feeling discombobulated. I have hardly sewn the last 10 days and so have very little to share with you. I`m feeling out of sorts in a way I can`t really describe. So I shall just share with you a taste of what`s been going on around here.
1 books
Whats in your makeup bag at the moment? Thank you for stopping by and leaving a comment :) Xoxo, Christine♥
773 - 472 - 4505
Surrounded by Chevy car plastic models.
Just what it was the poet poed?
One of these associates, the Sabah solicitor Richard Christopher Barnes, was arrested and held in custody, along with Michael Chia, at the time of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission’s (MACC) investigation into Sabah timber corruption back in 2010. Huge volumes of documents were confiscated from Barnes’ offices by investigators, who prepared a major prosecution case.
So today we celebrate the Equinox with a Hindu holiday called Nyepi. It’s basically a day of purification when Hindus (and anyone living in Bali) may not use any technology AT ALL. Everything shuts down. No traffic, no pedestrians, no home appliances, no TeeVee, and no one leaves the house. The Hindus spend outrageous amounts of money on something called ogoh-ogoh. These are elaborate constructs designed to entice and trap various spirits that ‘pollute’ the realm of the living throughout the rest of the year. Folks place them in front of their homes and groups get together and erect huge ones in public areas.
Contrary to popular belief, I’ve learned over time that dating is not always the first step when you meet someone with whom there is a mutual attraction. Sure, you may go on a date or two, but typically we all find some way to distinguish that period of time from the ever ambiguous, even though it really shouldn’t be all that complicated time of dating.
I decided that even with their warnings I still wanted to try and live in Canjayar. I began asking around if anyone knew if there were people looking for roommates, or apartments to rent. It was a bit of an adventure. I asked and one place and they told me to go with someone to ask someone else, who might have an apartment to rent. I did that and I met Domingo, who is possibly the cutest old man ever. He put my hands in his, gave me two kisses on the cheek and welcomed me to Canjayar. Then began our attempt to communicate. I thought I was understanding him, and then it was obvious I wasn’t. He was at a class, and in came in his teacher to tell me that she offered a Spanish classes. I started asking her if she knew anything about people looking for room mates, because that is what I thought she was talking about. Anyway, I met Domingo and his daughter, who lives in an apartment on the top floor of the town hall, and had an apartment to rent. Well not an apartment as much as a house. It wouldn’t have worked, because I would have had to live alone. This became the big problem, there was no one who needed a room mate. After an afternoon of looking and asking around it was obvious that there wasn’t anything. I had to be in Almeria the next morning for an orientation meeting so I rode with another teacher to the city. I stayed at a hostel (with out an elevator so I had to drag my 3 suitcases up the stairs).
Who knows, perhaps my word will gain popularity and become the common term for that. Wouldn’t that be cool?
And it didn't cost me a dime
eyes: mac quite natural paint pot, LMdB le cirque kaleidoscope 2nd tier, mac cork, mac feline, prestige my blackest lashes
Dad replies bluntly, "Yeah, well, I was walking to my office this morning when I ran into a bum begging for change. I was pretty shocked to notice he was wearing my pants."
I am praying that both start to feel better soon.
The woodland was next. I could see eyes following me through the trees, the local bear population gets hungry at this time of night so I always carry a few raw steaks with me in case they try anything funny. The eyes just turned out to be Boris though, he's a local legend around here. Even the kids get on with Boris the bear. He happily wolfed down the steak and we said our farewells.
one about the cheerleading competition I photographed last week.
Industrial Self Adhesives Ltd v Teknek Ltd and others [2012] EWPCC 10, 8 March 2012, took a look at a variation on a theme that is becoming increasingly common these days -- the question whether the settlement of a case actually finishes it off or whether there is scope for further fiddling around with it. The Chancery Division, England and Wales, recently visited this question in a different context, involving a post-settlement consent order in a trade mark infringement action which was subsequently challenged for, among other things, breach of EU competition law (see IPKat post here). In that case, the strong public interest in the finality of a dispute settlement was emphasised. Industrial Self Adhesives Ltd v Teknek was however exploring a different post-settlement issue: might the Patents County Court for England and Wales amend a patent post-settlement.
In just four hours are team of nine volunteers including Kate Green MP gave away more than twice the amount of Oyster card holders we’d originally expected too, spreading the ‘Sack Boris’ message to 100s of Londoners.
With that being said, my counters do resemble butcher block just not 100% and the cost was ONLY $56 for the whole project. I did my counters all by myself and took one whole weekend to complete so Ladies don't think that this project is too difficult to take on. If you can work a jig saw than go for it.
Nita Jane Ayres
No vintage for Kitty style this week. My bedroom is a mountain of clean washing that needs putting away and Kitty's room is pretty much in the same state so rather than chose a particular outfit this week we played pull some random clothes from the washing pile. This little gap dress was a fave last year and it still fits but is a little short. We teamed it with an old wash worn pair of navy leggings also from gap and a pom pom hairclip from gymboree. I would have put her red chucks on to complete the look but as you can see from the last pic Kitty had a little skateboarding accident the other day and has scraped the skin off the top of her feet. Obviously she is not keen on shoes right now so while we are home she is barefoot. I'm not sure what she was doing in these photos but it sure was making me dizzy.
I write,
There are a couple exceptions to this immunity to emotion:
Heat water in microwave for about 20 - 30 sec with sugar.
Let me start by saying this one should have been lower. I think I let my affection for Demetri Martin's one-man shows and his charmingly quirky style override my good sense. Which isn't to say this isn't a great comedy album, full of great one-liners and word play and one of the highest LPM (laughs per minute, coined by Martin as he opens his set with 3 jokes in five seconds) in the business. That extremely high LPM is a function of both Martin's superb writing and delivery and his habit of keeping jokes only as long as they need to be and no more, often forgoing the set-up entirely and diving straight into the punchline, which works better than you'd expect. Martin frequently mixes music into his set, such as on "Sames and Opposites," and "Personal Information Waltz," both of which are about what you're thinking they're about (things that are the same and other things that are opposites, and Martin telling "true" things about himself set to a waltz). As just a string of jokes, it lacks the cohesion of his one man shows, but when the japes are this good it doesn't really matter.
Oil (for frying)
Our dossier is already in Paris!
New and unknown.
Todas las estrellas están florecidas.”
Well, I have been cooking more lately but just didn't have time to update my blog. So I would like to upload some of the things I made recently.
And the secret to book marketing is that there is no secret, or at least not a secret you can count on repeating time after time. Even New York publishers with all their millions and industry contacts strike out about 80 percent of the time. There's no silver bullet, only a loaded gun. I've bought ads and book sponsorships and placements at nearly every ebook site in town. Some work better than others, and some work but not consistently. I am now applying my experience to eBookSwag with my partner Michelle and our staff. It's a mixture of lessons I have learned: giveaways, audience building, good books, fun, a community, everyone wins.
As for your MD boyfriend/prospect/ex, don’t be an online stalker, okay? I remember how Liam had to block Ara and Ara’s relatives from his Facebook because Ara was messaging Liam non-stop and stalking him through the accounts of her relatives. If you recall, Liam trusted me enough to give me his password so I could increase his security settings then. Ladies, don’t be an Ara who had to be blocked by an MD from the latter’s account.
to chill my pale bones
Al: My master says to soak for ten minutes.
Comparing with the quality of these articles, the price is really very very low.
Foreign speculation over an eventual ideological succession isn’t a justifiable cause for concern other than if that nation, have political agendas to undermine another nation’s domestic political affairs and national liberty. The Indonesian Communist Party (PKI) was gaining increasing control over Sukarno’s regime which alarmed the United States a great deal. The US government with the CIA staged several coup attempts using Indonesia’s army as a proxy. However, it failed to unseat Sukarno mostly due to his loyal generals. In a desperate diplomatic move to unseat Sukarno, the US publicly announced that all aid to Indonesia will cease. This of course is a lie. The US continued to "increase" its support toward strengthening the Indonesia’s army. To keep the American activities below the radar, instead of funding through government agencies (which keeps detailed financial records), private individuals and American oil companies like Stanvac and Caltex were put as the middle men bankrolling crucial army operations.
I love my husband. He’s the other half of me. I know that’s not exactly cool to say, but it’s true. He makes all the other love I ever felt before feel like swimming in a tepid, plastic, wading pool. He makes all the feelings I’ve ever felt feel like a sneeze. Sure, they were satisfying, but in the end, they were fleeting.
Since we are now officially done with the first month of 2012 (and, by the way, how did that happen already?!) I figured it was time to check in and see if there was anything I could check off my list.
No one can deny continuation of the “Great Game” in Afghanistan which in turn was the continuation of the so-called ‘Cold War’.
Simple Beginning
Dan Pauk & Thi Saun Hin - February 23
“(CBC) It’s hard to fault Ueda for his lack of enthusiasm. This was supposed to be the year he followed Japan’s decades-long, springtime tradition that sees hundreds of thousands of students bloom into full-time workers.
As with all commissions involving people, it isn't a portrait of either Janey or her cat, but rather a painting of her sadness and of a girl and a cat that might be Janey or someone else. I rather liked it in its blue circular simplicity. The original hangs on her wall in Australia now, but you can buy prints from my shop here.
A. regarded preserving the Union as their top priority.
Music has a great effect on me. A some what weird effect also, you could say. For one, some body appendage is always moving when I’m listening to music. Either my foot is tapping, or my leg is shaking, or the most noticeable, my head is bobbing. Considering that I’m listening to music almost all the time, one of these things is always happening. Foot tapping is fine as long as it isn’t too loud. On occasion, that also happens. In the bus or in my cubicle, loud foot taps, and I don’t realize it because my earphones are drowning all other sounds around me. The head bobbing, or should I say entire body swaying, is something that quite some people notice, and when I notice that they’re noticing, there’s two things I resort to doing. Some times, like a regular person, I stop or reduce the intensity of my ‘dance’. Other times, me being me, I continue dancing, may be even increasing the intensity of the head bobbing, BOOYAH!
“Moving forward, it will be important for EPA to address carbon emissions for existing power plants as well,” said Kevin Kennedy, the U.S. climate director at the research group World Resources Institute. “Existing plants represent a significant opportunity to improve efficiency and reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.”
We now head back to Argentina for my next bottle in my continuing Wine Tasting Adventure.
Happy Friday lovelies! I have a monochromic look to share with you today. I usually don't wear one colour all over unless it's more of a neutral shade like beige or brown. But berries and burgundies are my fave makeup shade for eyes, cheeks and lips so I thought why not where them everywhere on my face! MAC Smoke Signal pigment remains one of my top favourite pigments of all time and it's a must for a look like this. I'm so glad I have it, it compliments all berry, purple and burgundy shades very nicely and can also be used to achieve a gorgeous burgundy smokey eyes (ideal on hazel and green eyes). Georgio Armani Red Lust Eyes to Kill e/s is also a great shade to accompany a look like this. I soooo need more Eyes to Kill shades, it's been a year since I bought this one and still haven't got around to collecting more.
Decent pricing
It's the story of (would you have ever guessed?) the wife of a pilot. Kathryn's husband has flown passenger planes on transatlantic routes for years, and she has grown accustomed to the infrequency and irregularity of his time at home with her and their fifteen-year-old daughter, Mattie. But even though she is used to Jack being away often, nothing could have prepared her for the news she receives in the middle of the night: the plane Jack was piloting has gone down.
When the sky turns grey our mood tends to turn grey resulting in a desire to hibernate. How does a grey sky make you feel compared to a vibrant blue sky?
He laughs and talks ups storm..
I’m so thankful that that mindset is now a thing of the past. I am moved to tears to see all of the beautiful ways families are now encouraged to celebrate the short lives of their tiny babies. We are able to not only create memories, but we’re able to preserve them with foot prints, hand prints, locks of hair, and photographs. Proof to us and the world that our treasured babies EXISTED even if only for a short time.
If all editions of the Work in the USA and Canada which have been published or licensed by the Publisher are out of print, and if, within six (6) months after written demand by the Author or the Author's representative, the Publisher does not agree to provide within an additional six (6) months adequate stock to meet the normal demand for the Work, or to arrange for a reprint or book-club edition...this Agreement will forthwith terminate and all rights in the Work will revert to the Author...The Work shall be considered in print if it is for sale by the Publisher in any edition, or if it is under option or license granted by the Publisher. This used to be all that was needed. Books were physical objects only; they took up room in warehouses, and when they stopped selling in significant numbers it was in the publisher's interest to clear warehouse space by removing them from sale and pulping them or selling them to remainder dealers (especially after the Supreme Court's 1979 decision in the Thor Power Tools case made warehousing more expensive).
A Huge Plus is that most of the songs express love of the Divine, As Rama, or Devi or Ganesha or Siva and so on.. so one’s mind turns to divinity.
1 alert
In the summer, the forest is a nice reprieve from the heat. Just walking into the tree line is about five or more degrees cooler, or so it seems. It is sudden heat relief.
These tales are packed with humour, heroes, victims and fear. They jangle in your veins and won't leave you alone. Manchester 6 is about the real streets, and the author knows what he's talking about.
The website for the University of Maryland Medical Center shared a few more homeopathic, herbal, and physical remedies for pain and other physical markers that women get every month or so.
The challenge I am starting is to stop buying any form of grains until I use what I have in my pantry right now.
Day four the Tindle strikers regrouped in Enfield Town, before drafting a press release rebutting claims that we have not been helpful in generating revenue-raising ideas (see below).
Thank you to everyone who joined in with last months Jungle challenge and also to our fab sponsors.
Let Your Heart Be Broken
Jack leaned back. "Don't get so excited. Tell away."
“As you relax, you’re safe in every way. Pleasant thoughts, pleasant memories, proud little pieces of the past float through your mind. Pieces of truth Shaun. As you relax into the strength, there is no bottom and there is no bad. As you relax into the power Shaun, let the strength trickle through you. Let the strength run through your body from the top of your head to the tip of your toes. Let the soft gentle strength run through you and flush out doubts, fear and things that were never really true. Even if they were true as a child Shaun, they were never true. You just happened to be there. Now you can see the truth.”
E-mail
still dripping wet
Being held hostage by what the wind and the rains could do drove us more than a little nuts. Only so many goods can be baked, so many games played, so much shut-eye acquired. I know my grandparents were probably more than a little disappointed to find that this storm didn't require us to evacuate - if Lee had become a full-fledged hurricane, we'd have headed up to my parents' in Oklahoma City where, coincidentally, my grandparents happened to be visiting this past weekend. After having checked the Gulf Coast surf reports early Monday morning in a last-ditch gesture of eternal hope that was dashed on discovering the possible wave heights, I found myself wishing we'd piled into the car and gone anyhow, even if the closest body of water we'd be near would be the artificial Lake Hefner. Maybe if I were experiencing all of this by myself, things would've been different, but the cabin fever my husband was suffering was highly contagious.
I love my Kojaks so much, I had a custom wheel built for my BOB Yak and bought a 16 x 1.25″ version which has significantly reduced the rolling resistance over the awful knobbly tyre that came with it as stock.
Today is the first day that she has used walking as her primary mode of movement, even seeming to really enjoy it. So, I do think our little walk yesterday helped her confidence quite a bit in the walking arena. We'll definitely be going on more walks with the buggy to further encourage muscle development and confidence.
3B – Adrian Beltre
Finally Friday ~ I know everyone is looking forward to the weekend and in our case, it already started. The kids have a long weekend from school for a winter break. It's always nice to have a few days where the routine is put aside!
and guess what..today the sitemeter reached 1000 posts (since march when i installed it) kinda cool and thank you, istavanski..you were the #1000...no prize, just thanks!
3) Comment on this blog post to let us know that you have done steps 1 and 2.
By the way, when and why did they change the name of Calcutta to Kolkata?
11. The Steel Tunnel (2:29)
578 D-XI/1/1968. “Election Eve, 1968: Parties and Prospects.” South Suburban Committee for Humphrey and Muskie, Democratic Party Headquarters, Park Forest, Illinois. (Alternative title: “What Can Be Said For the Vice-President?”)
How I heard about the Golden Baobab Prize (just a sentence or two)
Part of what makes us more fruitful is God working in us in pruning us. This is the Greek word καθαίρει the present, indicative, active form of καθαίρω or kathairō. This is the act of purification or cleansing to make something free from filth. God does this in all of us to make us more fruitful in His Kingdom. This can sometimes hurt. He takes away some things that we have our hearts set on. He changes our lives in ways we would not choose. He may take away our health, our job, whatever it takes to purify us to make us Kingdom ready to make us free from any improper mixture or contamination of the world and its ways.
Now, as if that wasn't enough news, here's the scoop on our Summer Beer Fest!
A big Merci Beaucoup for all y’alls friendship and support of our tiny brewery. We are thankful for that as well.
Okay…
We pulled out another victory beating Sedes Sapientia 3-0 and are on to the semi-finals. That game will happen in a couple weeks.
Being in a band as a hobby, not a steady job, takes up most of your energy. Steini had a wife and a son in 1987. He wasn’t all that interested in "rock" music anymore and leaned towards classical guitar music. He wanted to quit, but before he did we convinced him of doing two things: making another record and playing with The Sugarcubes on their first major UK tour. We played only three gigs on the Sugarcubes tour, the biggest one being at the London Astoria for about 2.000 people, which was of course the largest crowd we'd ever played to. This was a nice time for us; we got to eat exotic food, get very drunk and get close to famous people backstage. The record was fittingly called 'Bless' and had four songs. Sigurjón Kjartansson from Ham produced this 12" EP. I rehearsed with Ham for a while in the summer of 1988, but played only one gig with them though. With Steini out of the picture, Biggi and I formed a new band (fittingly called Bless, to promote the recently released EP, ‘S. H. Draumur’) with Ari Eldon of Sogblettir.
Fabulous! A gay ice cream party! I love it! And I love that these are all regular sounding desserts. Everyone tries to be so fancy and unique with their cakes and stuff, they don’t make vanilla, it’s marzipan instead, or, you know the cheesecake has gooseberries or something gross on it. Have you watched any of the shows on the Food Network lately? It’s horrifying. The host will start off making something good, like a chocolate cake. They’ll bake it and put it on a plate and it’s looking all yummy, but then, in a misguided effort to seem sophisticated and unique they’re like “And now we’ll make the icing, which will be a mango chutney salsa spread,” or something equally as bad and I’m watching like “Noooooo! Stop you’re ruining it!”
In closing, I have to say this subject is a tip of an enormous iceberg of high “social capital” people have the right of way of whoring attention of the disorder, while lower “social capital” (PC for being a “hick”) gets treated like crap.
Speech is one of the most refined fine-motor functions in the body. Several sensory systems need to work together for speech to develop and progress. These include the auditory (listening), visual (looking), tactile (touch), and proprioceptive (inner awareness in the muscles and joints) systems. When the sensory systems work together, a child’s attention can also improve. Attention, focus, and concentration are needed for all motor learning (including speech). Pediatric occupational therapists assess and treat sensory processing disorders.
Row 34- ch1, turn, sc in 3, sc dec, sc in 7, sc dec, (sc in 9, sc dec) 4 times, sc in 6, sc dec, sc in last 3, (62)
DONG!
Students were recognized for scholarship awards or for their work on university teams in national and international competitions. Faculty members were celebrated for their outstanding teaching and research endeavors.
Cooking well takes time. Practice. Repetition. Focus. There are times where you feel like you're absolutely killing yourself. You tell yourself "there is no fucking way I could push harder than I am now." Then your chef throws two more dishes on your station. Graph goes up.
When you turn on the tv…. read a newspaper….. listen to the radio…. it seems like we hear story after story of Children disappearing…….. wifes or husbands vanishing…. not a day goes by, I doubt, that something, somewhere has happened to someone that is beyond imagination. They tend to look first at family members, which to me, has to be a horrible thing to have to go through… but… more times than not… it ends up being the one that is supposed to be the protector, the lover, the caregiver… the one that is supposed to be the most trusted person in their life.
10 IBUs (0.5 oz.)
However it happened, I definitely got to benefit.
* Insufficient beating of water, flour and butter before adding eggs – the water/flour/butter batter needs to develop sufficiently (i.e. dried out) to provide structure
I got lost
Despite what the media, government and countless false churches will tell you, homosexual behavior is still a sin. It is a forgivable sin, and one that people can be rescued from, but it is still a sin. If you can’t bring yourself to say that then Christianity may not be for you.
Corin Roscoe, an antiques store owner, is a man fighting fears relatable to us all: ones with family, with friends, with God. His days are haunted with harsh realities and his nights by dreams of horrific incidents endured. He reaches many crossroads in this book: does he hang onto fear or face it? Hang onto guilt or seek forgiveness? Deny the truth or accept it? And when life offers him a choice between the easy road or the high road–when the easy road will spare him further struggles–which does he choose?
Once released from the misery of enforced running, I didn’t look back for a very long time, and thought I never would. Running was boring and painful, especially without a companion. But the specter of poor health and weight gain has loomed larger as we get older. Neither is an immediate threat, but a couple of years ago I could easily I imagine that if I kept up my same non-exercising, ice-cream-loving lifestyle for decades, both would be – and John had similar thoughts and concerns. At the time, we were both grad students and on slim grad student incomes, and could think of nothing cheaper than buying running shoes and heading out the door. I impressed myself: I kept up an every-other-day running regimen for several months, until the busy-ness of the fall semester and the boringness of it kicked in, and holiday travel disrupted our schedules, and that was an end of it.
When I turned 12 my parents decided to send me to a week long summer camp. I realize now that this was just an excuse for getting me and my brother out of the house so my parents could have some quality alone time. But for me it was a big step. I had never been away from family for that length of time. I was scared but at the same time I was also excited.
Enchanted is an adorable novel in its entirety. From the Woodcutter family to the royal family, sinister secrets and magics abound, and I could not seem to stop turning the pages, driven by a need to know what happened next. As lead characters, Sunday and Rumbold were a charming duo, and I enjoyed seeing both of their points of view. I thought the conflicts keeping them apart were really well done, both internally, as Rumbold wondered if Sunday could love him due to their tangled histories, and externally, with threats from various magical sources. The threats to their happiness felt real, which made the climax of Enchanted that much more breathless and awesome.
I go to the doctor today and of course, the dreaded scale. I step on and I want to cry as the number goes higher than it has ever been. I’m at my breaking point and it was all I could do not to cry in the doctors office. I have battled with a fluctuation in my weight my whole life. When I was a child I was on the little side, but it got to the point when I started to pack on the baby fat (as people call it). I have always been insecure and have never known my self worth. As a child my grandmother would say to me ”Oh, you shouldn’t eat that. You’re getting so big.” What child needs to hear something like that? Growing up when every thing around you is so influenced on body image due to the ideal of what Hollywood thinks a person should look like. Things haven’t changed, people haven’t changed, it’s still the same way. It’s no wonder people have so many insecurities and issues about themselves.
He remember looking at the little girl. He’d been eighteen at his blooding. And the girl, the girl had been twelve. Innocent, with wide eyes, he had known she was the type of child to spend her time studying. The type of child who was afraid of something, something that she would inevitably hold secret until the day she died. She was the kind of child such conscience should be given. But he couldn’t. Not with those eyes watching him. Not when they stared at him so widely innocent.
Surging unemployment rates from Spain to Italy and Greece are threatening efforts to quell the region’s debt crisis and keeping bond yields close to record premiums relative to benchmark German bunds.
I know those other moms are probably very nice women. I'm just not ready. I get all hive-y and uncomfortable just thinking about it. Maybe I have social anxiety. What? I can't have social anxiety? The Bloggess is allowed to use that but not me-- I'm just a cantankerous old bitch? Well, maybe...
He did not hear back from the prime minister but he says that within days, an RCMP officer was knocking on his door.
If not, now you do.
Now let me back up a little and explain. I spent Sunday with some friends on the North Shore of Oahu, You know, where everyone goes to watch the big waves and surfers trying to navigate the Banzai Pipeline.
Chelsea: Petr Cech; Jos e Bosingwa, Branislav Ivanovic, John Terry, Ryan Bertrand; John Obi Mikel, Raul Meireles; Ramires, Florent Malouda, Daniel Sturridge; Fernando Torres
Occasionally, these two readers turn out to be different people, when they should be the same. But, your words will reveal all ... if you're prepared to look at them objectively.
2 interested
Thanks for stopping by again folks, much appreciated. LG knows that you have a lot of demands on your time on a daily basis and he thanks you for checking in once in a while over here at The LG Report. Muchos gracias.
Sometimes, even when you really like something, you have to let on like you like it EVEN MORE to satisfy the people around you. And to get out of there.
four cubits make a man
In my whole life this was the only time I ever wanted to hit my mother. How could she?
But the surprise face among the leaders was Couples, who plays mainly on the senior Champions Tour but showed has vast understanding of the course where he won his only major.
I've really enjoyed your comments and letting me know that you would like to join my Stamp Stack if you lived close enough. I sure wish we could get together. Wouldn't it be fun!
The artistic effect of the bottle wall is a way of conveying new ideas of how the Mantanani people could make something pretty out of stuff they would have normally thrown away.
I could never participate in any discussion about free speech that did not allow such a self-contradictory premise to be challenged. For one thing, I do not regard freedom of speech as an end in itself, but merely as a means towards the end of permitting people to be fully accountable for their own opinions. This means that I am not opposed to entertaining arguments over the possibility of any better mechanism to allow people total responsibility for their own beliefs. Also, if freedom of speech is really to be an axiom, then it absolutely must include freedom to advocate the end of free speech, if only to develop the countervailing argument.
Actress Michelle Williams channels the international megablond who captured the heart of a baseball player, an American President, a best selling novelist, and left indelible screen images in everything from The Seven Year Itch to the haunting Misfits. Oscar buzz has already begun and she certainly looks the part. The film also starts Judi Dench and Kenneth Branaugh.
The mental mind-fucking that goes on while waiting is absolutely incredible. I was doing everything that I knew I shouldn’t be doing – I wasn’t trusting my “inner self” – I was second guessing everyone and everything. Thank God I’d given up drinking years earlier – I’m quite certain that if I hadn’t, I’d have brought an entirely new definition of “The Ides of March” to the forefront.
In a South London pub.
As I stated in January, my talented consigliere, Gregg, was ticketed for carrying a sign that was "too big"--according to some arcane local ordinance. This will be at least a $135 fine, possibly more. He has asked for a jury trial.
10 re
Beloved:
Hey Cara mia, let's leave this boring opera and head home for a little boffiati.
what the general procedure is for implementing transition-related workplace changes, such as adjusting personnel and administrative records, as well as a communication plan for coworkers and clients.
I need your votes to #makethestage @internetweek New York http://j.mp/I0hHXN This presentation is to the design professional or amateur entering the startup field... From concept to consumer support how is technology affecting the independent design sector... yes not ALL fashion professionals have thesame tools and processes!
No, local brewing is nothing new at all, but it is a massive fall from grace for Beck’s, which once tried to distinguish itself from all the brewed-under-licence lager brands by using the line ‘Only ever brewed in Bremen, Germany’.
Tell potential suitor that you...
A while later I presented him with this:
I picked him up this afternoon, almost unable to pick him from the line-up of little boys. One thing a uniform does is make a person blend in, right? When he spotted me, waiting to collect him, he beamed. Suddenly he stood out like a beacon.
Lissa’s uncle, Victor Dashkov, finds out Lissa can use spirit and forces his daughter to lure Lissa out, eventually kidnap Lissa and tormenting her in to healing him, because his is terminally ill. While distracting Rose and Dimitri are under a strong lust spell. This, I think is to bad, is broken off by Dimitri. And they end up saving Lissa from her uncle.
The Free Fringe is not a ‘business model’. It is a model for the liberation of performers from the chains imposed on them by others making profit on their labour. Thus, we must be a non-profit organisation. The Free Fringe is free in many senses. Among those freedoms is freedom from the (perceived, not real) need for reviews.
He's really making good progress and we have several big piles that will need to be burned come spring. This isn't a true before and after, but here is a shot of what he's starting with and how well he cleans it up (just not the same spot).
The hulking mass of unfinished brick and concrete at 20-13 35th St. is so unsightly, it became a poster child for zoning reform.
The 2004 IIFA award ceremony witnessed a contingent of over 450 stars, celebrities, cricketers, industrialists and government leaders over the festive weekend.
Plus, I have also been allowing myself not to get ‘stressed’ over things that have not been done! If the ironing is not done right now, it’s not the end of the world! If that phone call is made tomorrow rather than today, then that’s OK too! Living in the moment and allowing myself the time to get ‘back to feeling great’!
(5) What's the barrier to entry and why is the business sustainable?
In response to an over-whelming number of comments we sat down and created a list of do (s) and don’t (s) – these recommendations are easy to follow and except for - adding some herbs to your rinse . So let’s get begin…
